"I guess it's always hard to judge when you're in a position where you're taking a penalty and you're getting a penalty."
"When you're running, you want to be able to go back and make the best decisions that will bring you success."
"The list of things that the Obama administration is trying to do, in this case, is to get some help to Russia."
"We know that it's going to be a tough game but we know we have a good chance to win."
"He made his first club debut in the second half of last season and will surely be heavily involved in the squad moving forward."
"The thing that will make you look good on film is that you have to have the perfect balance of personality and attitude."
"I don't think I've ever been much of a writer before so I don't really have any idea what's going on."
"There's not a lot to talk about, but it is a very exciting thing for us to be a part of and a huge support for him."
"At least, that is what he's been telling his supporters: we'll win if we let them."
"The first is that although it's good to be in a relationship, it's important to understand that it doesn't always go your way."
"\"I have to get up and go out in the morning to get it done,\" he told the BBC."
"There is no way for us to know if there is a link between these two events, but we will look at that as part of our investigation."
"He also said it was crucial for companies to be aware of the benefits of a low carbon industry."
"At the time she was coming from a poor background, and I thought it was a good thing she had to leave school."
"It's probably not the best of times to be in the top four but it's a good game to be in."
"\"I'm a big fan of the comedy but the movies are not funny at all,\" he said."
"So we are not sure of the specific role we are trying to play- as we have no idea what it is."
"I can't wait to get out there and run down the field with my team, get the job done and do my job."
"We've had a lot of time to work on the treatment, so it's been a tough one."
"They were then charged with eight counts of second- degree murder and sentenced to life in prison."
"The number is still small compared to the thousands of fighters that are currently fighting in Syria and Iraq, but it is growing."
"A top EU official has called for the UK to hold a referendum on independence, and called for a vote on the UK's membership of the European Union."
"He would spend a lot of time in the gym with his family, which he said was one of the biggest days he had ever had."
"\"I'm not a big fan of the idea that it's a good idea to do a tournament like this,\" he said."
"\"When you're a guy that likes to shoot, you want to be good with the ball,\" he said."
"In fact, in the last five years the UK has contributed to more than half a billion pounds in international aid and funding."
"I know that, for me, it's about looking after my family, looking after the health, looking after the children, looking after the whole world."
"I'm hoping that with that in mind, I can be sure that we will be able to secure the agreement and the cease- fire,\" he said."
"In the United States, this isn't a problem, but it's a problem in this case, and that's why I believe this case is not in the national interest."
"We are now the only British club who have won three of their past four league games, so we have a good chance of doing that."
"'He doesn't want to do anything that would turn into a crime, but he wants to do it because he feels like he is in control of what is happening."
"The construction companies have been demanding the $ 12 million figure, and the government is likely to offer it if it's not too much of a stretch."
"It's really hard to think about it if I'm not there, because they're not playing well and you have to remember that."
"I want to make sure that our kids are protected, that they are not abused, that their parents are not left in the dark, and that they are not left behind."
"The government is to create a second fund, which will spend \u00a3 3 billion a year on school places, and the new fund will have to be set at its highest level."
"Some parents may prefer to let their children spend a few hours a week with their children, but many parents choose to focus on school rather than play."
"It was one of the more shocking videos I've seen recently of a child being sexually assaulted in public."
"It's a shame that the artist's name is being linked to this, because it shows a side of him that I wouldn't have thought he had."
"We're going to keep doing what we're doing, because we know we have to do it, and that's win games."
"However, he said the government would continue to invest in education and training, and the impact would be felt throughout the state."
"If the contract is not extended to the end of this year, the Raiders would be able to make a draft offer in 2017."
"The President will also have the opportunity to meet with the leaders of NATO, including President Obama, and to discuss the challenges facing NATO."
"You are not there to take your children to school, you are there to look after them and if they need it, you are there to help them."
"In a country where only about 20% of its population is women, it is becoming increasingly difficult for women to find employment."
"In the past, Uber has tried to make it more like a taxi- rather than a car, and it has said it will only operate in certain areas."
"We're going to see some big names take the stand and it's going to be a big one."
"As of Wednesday afternoon, the Trump transition team had not responded to a request for comment on the lawsuit."
"\"The feeling in the country has been it's not like this in other parts of the country,\" he said."
"At one point in the conversation, he asked whether the two women had talked about the matter before."
"This is the sixth anniversary of the BBC's original experiment with teaching children how to code, to the point where we're able to do it at home."
"He said the child had been \"brought to our attention \"after a friend of his told her that he was planning a \"massive \"attack on her."
"'We had a bit of a row but everything went right for us, it just came down to the last couple of minutes."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to say that as well, because I think if we really want to be, we can help people."
"I think we can, and we should be able to, encourage people to do that, to try to see if there are benefits to that."
"\"The film was a lot of work, but I think the characters are really important to the story,\" she said."
"\"The real question is, are we going to see more and more of this,\" he said, referring to the recent surge in migrants from countries such as Libya and Syria."
"\"I have spoken to the club in the last few weeks and I am very confident in their ability to get it done and get back to the task at hand,\" he added."
"The government is keen to show that the law is strong and that it is in the best interests of the people of Scotland to make changes."
"There are some people that are very, very happy and they are very aware of that, but I've never seen that."
"The judge said: \"He has not, and would not have, committed a crime, but he has not, and is not the kind of person who would do that."
"I wanted to be a part of that culture that I could, so I couldn't do that for myself."
"\"I am pleased that I am now able to continue to train my body and mind as I always have,\" he said."
"It's just such a huge challenge for me to be here and to be back here in the United States, where I live."
"The next day, he was reported missing by his family- and at the time, police had not been able to make an arrest in the case."
"One thing's for sure: Trump's problems will only get worse as he attempts to expand his message."
"He was arrested on suspicion of being drunk, driving without due care and attention and dangerous driving, which carries a possible life sentence."
"The government's action was seen as a wake- up call in the government's attitude to the issue."
"Mr Corbyn said it was the \"perfect storm \"for the Labour Party to take on the SNP in Scotland."
"So it's not like we're saying it's going to be the same or anything like that."
"In contrast, only 20% of people in the UK had heard of the letter's authors, and there were only two or three who recognised its importance."
"There's not a lot of people who are going to say to me, \"I've never heard of that."
"Trump has been calling for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the U. S. to prevent \"an attack \"on U. S. soil."
"\"The good thing is that we're not fighting for anyone else, just the same as we've always been,\" he said."
"She said she and her husband had been promised that they would help with the living costs of the refugee camp."
"We are living in a world that is changing, and we need to start making sure that what is happening is being taken seriously."
"We don't know how the infection got there, but that means it could be a virus that's been on the food chain for a while."
"We don't expect them to do anything that would make a big difference to the position of the president."
"But it wasn't the only time she was out of the house at the time of the murder, according to the witness."
"He was still very much a member of the crew, but he's not going to be the kind of guy that he used to be."
"Some of the people I have spoken to are concerned about the financial implications, but I am just here to say they will come forward."
"\"I never thought I would be here, but I am here, and I'm not going to let you down,\" he said."
"I've got so many people who have helped me and I'm very proud of what I have achieved."
"The NHS is working harder than ever to improve the safety of patients and staff at the heart of the UK's health system, but the Government must do more to get the most out of it."
"It's a positive thing that our boys have been able to get through and we'll be looking forward to it."
"I think it is quite interesting because this is a very unique time in the world and that is why I have decided to write a book."
"The singer was also keen to stress that he doesn't have to be in his sleep for an hour or two."
"I think it's a case of the people should just give it their all and not worry about how they look."
"I was there for about eight hours, but she told me that it was a really tough time in her life and that it was the best thing that could have happened to her."
"The U. S. has lost about 6, 000 troops to ISIS, and the U. S. military's presence in Iraq and Syria has increased."
"I feel I've got a lot of work to do and I'd love to be the first in line to win a major."
"\"The only thing I want to do is keep going to the National Guard,\" he says, holding back tears."
"The new vehicle is a direct response to the new exhibition in China, the first exhibition to offer direct links between the city and the exhibition."
"I think the reason I didn't think too much about the game was that I thought it would be a great game, so I wasn't getting too stressed out about it."
"\"I feel like I'm in a safe place, I've been on the road a lot, I feel like I'm in a safe place,\" he said."
"When asked how they feel about the tone of their lives, 57 per cent of men said they feel negative about their lives."
"It's a group of players who make up almost half the team, and we just couldn't agree more."
"When I first came to London I was young, and spent a lot of my time on the streets, so I knew what it was like to be in the big cities."
"A spokesperson for the Home Office said: \"It's a matter for the police and, although the police have been aware of the incident, they are not aware of any other cases in which someone has been seriously injured or killed."
"The Americans, with 23 percent of the vote, also won the highest number of delegates at this point: more than 6, 000."
"I think we're all in this together, we're all in this together, we're all in this together and we're all fighting for the same thing."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a dialogue about this problem,\" he said."
"\"The board's view is that it's a good opportunity to look to move the program forward,\" he said."
"The fire service is investigating the cause of the fire, which is said to have started at about 11. 30pm."
"He also argued that the legal system was \"getting bigger and bigger \"and that the world would soon be faced with a \"system of criminal justice \"that would need to change."
"It was just not good enough and we felt like we didn't have a good lead and we got two penalties."
"\"I want to thank the staff and the students for their time and commitment, they did an amazing job,\" said Palmer, who received an A. F. B. in 1990."
"The New York Times reported that the Kremlin had told the Clinton campaign that it would not have a say in the election."
"In the aftermath of the Brexit vote, there have been lots of calls from politicians for a robust package of measures to boost our economy."
"I know it's difficult because I haven't played here in a few years but I'm happy to be here."
"\"You've got to respect the fact that they're not going to put their foot in it and they're not going to do it,\" he added."
"It's time to call on the Republican Party to stop trying to silence this kind of message- and start standing up for the American dream."
"It is true that only one in 10 women will be able to afford a baby, but that number will increase."
"It's very important that you don't take something for granted, but sometimes you don't even know how to take it."
"\"The very best thing about the concept is, if you want to do it, you have to do it, and we are very much in favor of that,\" she said."
"But this is a true story, and I hope the authorities who follow me will know what I am trying to do."
"I'm trying to explain to my kids that we can't afford to have the way we are."
"The first thing the president- elect has to do is convince his people that he can be a very, very successful president."
"There are three ways to go, and we're going to keep going, even if it takes a while."
"Some of the proposed new rules will be in place by the middle of next year, while the rest will be implemented by the end of next year."
"\"I don't want to put him in a position where I can't go and look at him,\" he said."
"A recent study found that only about a quarter of pregnant women in the U. S. have access to medical marijuana."
"\"We've had more of a record than most people would expect, so we're working very hard to get it right,\" he said."
"\"I'm sure I can go and have fun with it and that's what I'll try and do,\" he said."
"The first step to better understanding of the brain's role in everyday events is to better understand the emotional side of everyday events."
"I knew he'd put his hand up when I walked in the door, but I didn't know it was his."
"\"We're not interested in something that's going to be done in five years,\" he said."
"For example, I have been a defender of Labour, and on the last night of the campaign I was a supporter of Jeremy Corbyn."
"The only thing you can do is not hold back on the opinion that this is a bad choice and that it's a good choice."
"\"I'm going to keep working on this movie and whatever I can get my hands on, I will,\" he told People in 2011."
"She said the Syrian army had carried out \"close to 50 \"assassinations on the group's headquarters and facilities in recent months."
"We don't have to go on forever, we can just stay where we are, if we want to, but we've been here for so long that it's hard to change."
"It's an exciting time to be a part of this and we're looking forward to meeting the players and looking forward to having a great time."
"The judge said that when the man approached her, she tried to \"please him \"but was met with more resistance."
"In the case of an employer, the burden of proof is on the employer to prove that they had reasonable grounds to believe the individual would not be successful in their employment."
"It's not a secret that my parents were very much in debt, but I was happy and pretty much broke."
"The committee's report is due to be published in June 2017, and it includes details of the investigation, including evidence of the role of the company's managers and board."
"This is the first time that a Canadian has publicly said they want the U. S. to remain a member of the nuclear club."
"It would be a big mistake to try and put our body out there to try and put us in a position where we can make that mistake."
"\"I've got to make sure the next guy is doing the same as me,\" he said."
"The date will be announced in the coming weeks, but it has already been confirmed that the show is going to be in London on 28 February."
"It was the second major investigation into the suspected links between Mr Johnson and Mr Putin and the two have yet to be completed."
"It's hard to explain to people how wonderful this job is, and how wonderful it would be if I could be one of them."
"We want to create a new model for Scotland to focus on, and one that will make our communities better off."
"\"We know that the Japanese were successful in the first games and I think that was the key,\" he said."
"She said she would be \"really proud \"to be standing in for a woman who'd won the vote of the people."
"The strikes are being carried out in different parts of the country, and have been called on to protect civilians from the attack."
"But I think it's important to remember that when it comes to China, America is the leader, the strongest and the strongest nation in the world."
"\"I have had no other choice than to take my own life,\" she said at the time, according to the report."
"But it was just a few weeks ago that I was hitting three, four- and- a- half hours every day."
"The contract also covers the cost of flights, accommodation, meals, and staff training to support international staff and clients."
"\"I think he's a good guy, and we've got to keep it real, and we've got to play him well,\" Moore said."
"It was very important for me to do it because it is the only time I am supposed to come to the park."
"We've been working hard over the last two weeks to get to this point and I can't wait to get going on the next one!"
"\"I am not a Democrat but I believe that we are going to be a strong and successful party, and that's what I want to do,\" Clinton said."
"When you're away from your family for a day, it's hard to look up when you're in the hospital."
"\"We think it's important that people can express their own views and be able to make decisions about the future of their family,\" she said."
"The women's game is a huge part of what we do and I can't wait to play it."
"The Scottish government's job is to make sure the care provided by doctors is safe and that the NHS is run in a safe and responsible way."
"The Obama administration also has been pushing the UN to get more information on the causes of the flooding, which is estimated to have killed as many as one million people."
"I'm sure they're happy to have someone to thank for having such an incredible life."
"\"What's striking is that in most cases we don't find any evidence of a particular underlying condition,\" he said."
"I'm going to have to work hard, and get my body ready for the game and come back."
"The family said the decision to pass on the money to the elderly person has been a struggle and their financial needs have been ignored."
"\"The rule is simple: I'm not going to jump out of the car and shoot people,\" he said."
"I've got to get better at that now and that's what I'm going to do, but I've got to play at the level that I want to play."
"A few days later, he was shot by police and was taken to a local hospital for treatment."
"If they're not done, it's because they're not even in the game and they don't want to play."
"He did say: \"We will not let the public down as a group and we have to work together."
"I have a feeling that you're trying to play to the best of your ability, and I'm not."
"I believe in my game, I've shown it in the last couple of weeks, I've been improving and I've shown it in the last couple of days."
"There are times when you think you have to make a decision, but then there are times where you have to make a choice."
"He has admitted in the past that he was trying to work with Trump to win the election but has not been able to work out how to get him back on the trail."
"\"If they were running in this state, they could do a lot of things in the last few days,\" he said."
"\"You may not have seen them, but you have seen them in the morning hours of the 21st,\" he said."
"He also said that his intention was to try to make a film about the war in Afghanistan, but he'd probably do that anyway."
"The best players are the ones who are willing to do the best they can for the team and the club."
"I've played some great games with the ball and you can see it's more of a hard contact game than anything."
"He said that the city had been struggling with the problem of the homeless for some time, with the number of people in the city now much higher than it was in 2007."
"If a president wants to be the first to do something, that is, to do something with respect to a core of the American people, that is the first responsibility of a president."
"But we've got to be careful and that's why I've had the people that I'm in charge of, the people that I'm in charge of going after."
"The findings were not published in the current edition of the journal, which was published in June."
"If that's the case, you might want to look at the numbers yourself and see what the impact is."
"\"It's a good game for us, because we've shown we're really good,\" Jackson said."
"In a separate incident, police say a 10- year- old boy was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence after he was hit by a car."
"They said the findings showed the country could have reduced its obesity rate from more than 35 percent to under 15 percent."
"She told the Sunday People that she was very worried about what the shock would mean for her when she got out of hospital."
"\"I feel that I've played to the full potential of my game and I can't wait to get back to the top of the sport,\" he said."
"The new study found that black Americans are more likely than other Americans to experience mental health problems, such as depression or anxiety."
"I'm in good company here, the team has been excellent and I've got a couple of big games in me to think about and to go out and win."
"And if he can do that, he might well find himself in the White House, where he could be able to promote himself with some of the most powerful people in the country."
"The billionaire businessman said he had some \"big differences \"with Mrs Clinton on issues ranging from the economy to immigration, but he would not say whether he would back Mr Trump in the general election."
"She says it's likely they'll have a major impact on the future of the town and the city."
"The two sides meet for a joint news conference on Friday in the capital, where they face off for the first time since Syria's civil war broke out last year."
"The next step is for the board to be elected, which would be a long process with no official notice, and would take between three and eight weeks."
"I'm proud that we have the opportunity to be part of this family and to do the right thing."
"The economy is going in the right direction, and we need a strong government that will spend more and is more committed to raising the minimum wage."
"\"I have been through a lot,\" he said of his time with the club, which has been named the FA Cup's Champions League twice."
"The other is that we don't have to wait to see what it is going to be like with Donald Trump."
"The announcement comes after Mr Osborne was forced to delay his planned \"policies \"for the NHS by months following the death of his wife in September."
"As of this year, New Hampshire's primary is May 8, and the contest is likely to be tight."
"What was once considered a losing battle for the GOP nomination has turned into a winning one for Donald Trump."
"\"If you're a single mother, you are the most important person in your family,\" she says."
"As a result, she is going to make her own life decisions, like choosing between her four children and her brother."
"It's a small country and I am doing everything I can to get to the highest level possible to get the best out of everyone."
"But they also told the Independent they would only accept the proposals if they had been delivered in the face of the Brexit negotiations."
"It was great to see the players show their respect to the club and to the fans, and it's great to see the crowd support them."
"I've got to understand that as a person who's constantly trying to come up with the best version of myself, there's a lot of stuff going on."
"We were going to play in the cup final and we didn't play as well as we should have and it wasn't a good result for us."
"\"I think it's a chance for the team to look at the future, to try to work out where we fit in,\" he said."
"I don't know what I would have done if I'd gone to the hospital to get a wound that was as serious as it was."
"He also said that he was being \"more critical \"about the Kremlin's stance on the conflict in Syria, which is seen as an ongoing war."
"He said the report was \"really, really important \"and a \"critical step \"in the fight against climate change."
"She is a member of the royal family, and in her first public comments since the election, she said: \"I am so sorry for the pain and suffering you are going through."
"\"I can't even bring up my son, how much money can you put in,\" she said."
"I've always said I wanted to win the cup and I'm sure I'll make it to the end of the season."
"A strong showing in Florida- a state he holds with 29. 4 percent of the vote- would also open a way for Sanders to come out ahead of Clinton."
"We need to be thinking about making sure that people don't get killed in the street, and not so many people die in the street."
"In fact, they are having a hard time getting new members because it takes so many people to do so."
"She said the two had just been dating for a year and a half, when she gave birth to her first child."
"A $ 25, 000 grant will cover the cost of the project, and it will be built on a site that is relatively close to the site of the planned $ 1. 5- billion building."
"We have to do a better job of understanding the things that are going on, because that's what's going to change the course of the game."
"The two teams had played each other in the cup final last season, and since then have both won three of the previous four."
"In the short term, it's more of a risk than a reward, so we're going to work hard to make sure that we continue to invest in the right places to have the best time."
"In the book, she describes how she was taken to a remote village where men would rape and kill her."
"The prime minister is likely to use her speech at the Conservative Party Conference as an opportunity to make it clear that Brexit is not a referendum on Britain's EU membership."
"The goal is to have 10 to 15 girls who are ready to play the game, but it's not easy, especially for a young player."
"The goal of the conference, to be held in Birmingham, was to find ways to address the current problems in the US and in Asia."
"\"What is surprising is that we're being given a chance to do a better job than we would have expected to do,\" he said."
"'It's a wonderful feeling, I was just told that I would be making a new life for myself,' he told the Mail."
"The U. S. government has been pushing to have the United Nations Security Council meet for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis."
"\"He's not the type of person who would go out and kill a person and throw him in the water,\" she said."
"I think I was a bit nervous to play against a team who play at home and I think that was one of the reasons why."
"It was a lot easier for me to be on the field for them than for me to be on the field with them."
"The study found that, on average, a male's mood and behavior change during the course of a given day, measured in the same way as a female's."
"It's no surprise then that the lack of women in the top three is a big problem, especially if the top three were the first two times they were nominated."
"In order to get a spot in the team, he has to win every game and win the team's best player."
"But the way he's been playing has been consistent, he's been playing extremely well and it's just been a question of when he's going to be able to get back."
"But it was a bit of a stretch, because we were just getting out of the car to start the race."
"I would like to think we have a good relationship, but I don't know if that's going to happen."
"She said that the authorities had been following him for some time and were concerned about him going to Syria."
"They're going to show people that it's not just about winning, but winning in the real world."
"While the region has more than a million asylum seekers, most of them live in the country's largest cities."
"When he was a kid, he got his life in order and I was just trying to help out."
"But this was the biggest shock in my life and I thought, why am I in this situation?"
"The head of the Palestinian Authority has urged the United States and Israel to work together in fighting the militant group."
"He said it was \"not right \"for the girl to have been in the car at the time of the shooting and suggested the young girl's death may have been caused by alcohol."
"It's a huge challenge and I would love to continue to play but I am not going to be in the situation where I have to go out and play like that."
"The club have always said that we are not going to take any decisions and we're going to find a way to win this competition and we have to take the fight to them."
"I was just working hard and trying to make it and I was happy that I didn't have to go through the pain."
"The couple's two children, aged five and eight, had been in the family for about five years at the time."
"\"I feel like I'm in this world with my family now, with my parents,\" she said."
"It's tough to make that decision because I've been through a lot in my life, so I want to stay in that position."
"It is a strong institution, and it is not just the players that are going to be affected, it is the players themselves."
"The Syrian army was last seen on Monday and the latest round of airstrikes are expected to hit the rebel- held eastern part of the city."
"I'm not sure that I'll ever be able to fit into my own home again, but I'm sure I'll be able to give it a go."
"The U. S. government has said that in the past year the country has conducted more than 3, 200 airstrikes in Syria, including 16 in support of the opposition."
"A father who lost his wife and two children after a car crash in Queensland's north- east sparked a media storm by calling on drivers to follow the rules."
"If there are more than seven complaints to the police they will be dropped and there will be no further action taken."
"So if you're on a tight budget and don't have the money to travel all over the world, I can help."
"\"If we don't have a good candidate and a good platform, that's not good enough,\" Trump said."
"\"I knew that she was the type of person that people wouldn't want to date and I thought it was a good idea to try,\" she said."
"\"The U. S. does not agree with the position of Russia regarding Ukraine and Russia has not provided any assistance,\" the statement said."
"The news comes less than a week after a new poll found that the first- time voter in Arizona had a negative rating in the polls."
"He was among the first to see the video, and he was the only one in the film to see it, but he was also the first to see it on the Internet."
"\"This is one of the most important games of the season for the boys who need to be leading a championship- and it is a championship I have never had to watch before,\" he said."
"\"The first task I want to do is to get people in the door,\" she says, \"and hopefully get them into the building and get the company involved."
"If you want to be a better person and contribute to the community, then you need to learn to understand the diversity in your community."
"She said she believes there are many women who have felt the same way and that she has not yet had time to meet many."
"If you have a serious injury, you don't want to take them off the field and then start throwing them."
"The real challenge is to make sure they are having a lot more fun than they are getting."
"He said: \"I think a lot of people have been saying that for a while, but I've never seen any evidence for that."
"I've been involved in a lot of sports, and there's a lot of things that can go wrong in life."
"This is not just a game for the one- and- done, the record books-- but a story that can be told and told in a way that is in the air."
"And he told the UN that the U. S. must take action if it wants to create peace in the Middle East."
"The US- led coalition is also facing a humanitarian crisis, with thousands of civilians fleeing their homes."
"\"It's a pretty big change in the way we approach that stuff,\" the Ohio governor said."
"We've got to get better and we need to do it every single day- that's what we're doing."
"A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said:'We are aware of a number of domestic terrorism offences being investigated by police."
"She said:'It's a bit of a shame they went to the police but I don't think it's a problem they would have been prepared for."
"The cost of the treatment could be as high as \u00a3 30, 000, with most patients receiving up to one week's treatment."
"I think we're really starting to look at what's going on with them, what they're thinking about, and what they want to do."
"I don't know whether I've won the race or not but I'll let you judge for yourself."
"The issue was raised at a meeting of the European Union's Council of Europe, which is expected to be held next week."
"The decline in his rating was particularly bad in the past two months, when he has been up by almost a quarter."
"There was a lot of talk about how the US was going to end up with a budget deficit of 3. 7 percent of GDP."
"\"When you've got a strong team you've got to play with a little bit of energy,\" she said."
"\"This year, I was a rookie, and the first thing I did was I went to the practice and saw a young man who was getting ready to go,\" he said."
"It's no surprise that the Clinton campaign has pulled off a major national upset in the state, even though there are likely fewer people supporting Sanders."
"And that was one of the things that we were able to do with her, that she was able to get to the people who were on the list and the people who were still looking for that person."
"\"I don't think that's how it is,\" said the Republican senator from Texas."
"The move is not surprising and it was expected that the deal would be completed in the first quarter of this year."
"It was the first time in the history of the world that the US was hosting the Olympics in London, which was held in August."
"It's probably the most amazing thing about it is that we got to go to another world where we could have got to the moment."
"The original report, commissioned by the Scottish Government, estimated that the drug will cost \u00a3 8. 3 million a year to treat, though it has since been put on hold."
"He said the company could not be held responsible for any of the accident and said there would be no further information from the fire department."
"I've never been in the league and I haven't played for a long time, so I don't know what's going on with the team."
"The women, who were all aged between 18 and 24, were taken to the hospital with minor injuries and later released."
"I didn't have that opportunity to train with the Australian national team but I'm looking forward to it."
"For the first time since the end of the Second World War, only women were able to vote."
"He said:'It's a game of names, no one's perfect, it's been a long time since I've had the honour of playing this game."
"The network will not allow other news channels to access it, as it has been ordered to do by a judge."
"\"I don't think that I'm feeling well,\" the 33- year- old said when asked if he feels better in his last two games."
"I can't really name the names, but I'm sure they were close friends and I don't know if they knew each other, but I knew each other very well."
"The singer shared on Instagram this week that she was told she could be suspended from the song \"while she continues to pursue her career and self- confidence \"after a legal battle with her ex."
"It is a very different thing to say you are fighting for your life but you don't know if you are going to live."
"But the question isn't whether the tech giant's services are better than Google's, but rather whether it's better than the web."
"He said: \"I'm a big fan of the play and the fact that the song was written by a woman."
"And now I'm starting to think that maybe this is just the start, but if it is, then I am a little bit more hopeful about it."
"It's not clear whether the American people will make a decision on the issue later in the primary campaign."
"She added: \"There is still a lot of work to do and I can't wait to see what comes next."
"The union did not comment on whether the local council had already been contacted, but the ACT Labor Party said it would appeal the decision."
"To win, they need to win all five games against top- level teams ; they're a better team when they do that."
"\"It's something I've got to take very seriously and I will go down to the ground and win it,\" he said."
"The EU has been struggling to provide an exit from the single market, with almost all services offered outside it."
"It's not only being in a relationship, but also being a single parent, it's very difficult to balance work and family."
"He said: \"I think we are really doing the right thing by having the business community to talk about this."
"I don't know if that's true, but I would think that a good long- term plan is to keep your hair short."
"So, I am appealing to you for a number of reasons, most of which are the result of the last three years or so."
"It is a highly dangerous game and there's going to be a lot of people out there who will go to jail."
"\"I think it's a great idea for us to take it from the community and put it in the context of a more mainstream fashion brand,\" he said."
"\"We are now at a point where we can make the change we need and still achieve some good things,\" he said."
"And if you can't afford it, then it's a bit of a shame that you can't do the same for a lower- end model."
"Trump said his personal wealth was more than $ 20 million, including a $ 1 million bill for \"a small business \"that he has donated to the Clinton Foundation."
"In other words, it is easier for a politician to think of the UK as a \"neighbour- state \"if it has a strong EU policy."
"'I can't say it would have been better if they had done a better job at it,' he said."
"The NHS will be better off if everyone can have a decent rate of pay and a healthy pension, a new report has suggested."
"This is a huge opportunity for me, and a big opportunity for Scotland and I can't wait to get started."
"I can't really put myself in a bad position at this point, but I'd like to know."
"It's no secret that it's hard to get a woman to come to the White House if you're not white."
"\"It's a matter of when, not if,\" he says of his last attempt to get to the top of the competition."
"The plan is to build a 10- story hotel and a 15- story office tower with 100, 000 square feet of office space and office tower space."
"The New York Times reported that the Justice Department may have sought to stop the release of the emails, which were found on Clinton's private server in 2013."
"The man was taken to hospital for treatment for his injuries and the four passengers were taken to a nearby hospital."
"The Scottish Government has backed a planned referendum to allow people to decide whether to remain in the European Union."
"But while there are many people in the country who want to have a great state, it is the voters who want to know the truth."
"He was coming out of the house, he'd been up for a day and he couldn't get out of bed."
"\"We don't know exactly when or if the man's death will happen, but we are trying to find out,\" he said."
"At the end of the day, this is an issue that we don't even really get to talk about."
"I don't want to be criticised for wanting to be the best- ever player in the world- but it's not about the best game."
"They played well, they played at home, they played well, and in the second half they were much more competitive."
"\"I think it's time for us to step back and take a look at the policy that we have and just look at what's happening in other countries,\" he told BBC Radio Wales's World at One programme."
"I think I've just as much of a right to be here as anybody in the world,\" Clinton said."
"\"I was not one of them, but I think it's a huge advantage to be here and to be able to offer something back,\" he says."
"They're playing well on the back foot and, at the end of the day, they're a top side."
"The president- elect of Taiwan and his government also took to social media on Tuesday to call on the world to \"do more to help \"China."
"The one- year- old died after being rescued from a boat in the Mediterranean by Italian coast guard."
"I think the fans want him to be the best man they can possibly be, but I think he's got to come in and he's got to play."
"We need to be aware of the possibility of conflict, to see that the way we conduct our business in Europe, is not the same as it should be."
"But the quality of a child's education is far greater than what a parent can produce in a private school."
"In the third quarter, the company reported a net loss for the 12 months to September 30, compared to a net loss for the same period last year."
"And the woman, who had been the only one of the three people to leave her, then found her own way out, putting a gun to her head and shooting her."
"In a separate incident, four people were arrested for alleged criminal damage and were later released on bail."
"But I think the job is important for a lot of people because it's hard to do because of the ways in which people don't know about this."
"The index has risen since then, but its daily gain has been far short of expectations, having fallen 4. 5 percent on the news in the past 12 months."
"While there is a sense of relief in the days leading up to the meeting, the government has not given a sign of having a plan to combat climate change."
"The movie, however, isn't about him at all, it's about him, and it's about him being a man who knows how to change his world."
"This isn't the first time it has happened to me- I know a few people who have been hit in the head with the ball."
"The 6. 3- magnitude quake hit on Friday, bringing the total number of injuries reported so far this year to 1, 500."
"We're still working out how this all got to be so he hasn't said anything and we'll be happy to do that."
"There's no doubt that this is a big year for me, but it's not going to be as easy as it seems."
"As the US and UK have had joint military operations for years, the Pentagon believes the UK's involvement could be part of a wider international effort."
"I didn't know if I was going to go to school or go to work, and I didn't know if I was going to live in any of those places."
"The company also said it had reduced its working capital requirements from $ 2. 5 million to $ 1. 1 million and launched its own research lab."
"A number of key characters in his personal life have died in the last five years, including Mr Trump's son Eric."
"But the UK was not the only country where the number of women in senior positions was rising: in Britain, the percentage of women in senior roles rose from 14. 7% to 16. 1% in the last year, the report said"
"\"The message to Trump is not just the message to anyone else,\" says the former Republican presidential nominee."
"'In the short term, you might think, OK, we can't do that because we know this is going to hurt them, and they're not going to get their kids."
"It's a week that will see how well we do on the field, so we've got to get going."
"But it could be that the drop- out is due to people who have already bought property, rather than those who want to take advantage of the new opportunities."
"I'm a good team player and I'm not a bad player, but I'm not a good enough manager."
"The pair have been at odds over who is the favourite to succeed Mr Corbyn, with some arguing that Mrs May is the better leader."
"That's something we have to be aware of and work on, but it is a big step."
"In a rare sign of how little progress has been made, the union said that it would continue to negotiate with the Government until the Government's victory over the EU."
"The only way that I can think of to say that I am happy is that I have to keep playing until the end of the season."
"He said:'The only thing that kept me going was a young boy and his mother who was just a bit older than me."
"For me, I want to be able to play in the Premier League and be the best player that I can be."
"\"There is no need for the current state of affairs to be improved and I think it's all to do with the current government's current leadership,\" he said."
"But it is not only in the city of the same name that the rise in the number of migrants in Calais is likely to be most dramatic."
"It is a great way to spend your time, whether it is in a bar or in a restaurant, and you can just grab a cup of coffee or a glass of wine while your visit is in progress."
"He also told us that he had been looking for a way to save her life and that he was not sure what he was doing."
"A lot of people have given their lives for the game, but they have lost too many games, too much and no one wants to be in a position where we can take the game away from them."
"The investigation is ongoing, the office said, and police are urging anyone with information to contact them."
"The problem, in my view, is that at the moment, the British economy is more important than the EU and we should make the least of it."
"For me, the biggest thing is to be a good captain and I think that has helped me get myself into the first team."
"It's important to note that this is a completely new study, and the authors of it were no longer on the staff at the time."
"He'd asked for a new job and now he wants to make it one that's a success, which is pretty much impossible."
"The conversation, he said, is \"a very good one \"and that he's hoping the girls \"names will make headlines."
"\"If they can prove the company is in breach of their policies, they should be charged,\" he said."
"But it's important to keep in mind that this is just one of many things that can happen to the bodies we carry."
"In the interview, Mr. Trump said he is not going to say whether the court's ruling will be good or bad."
"After that, the pair broke up, and on the third date they split up in 2014, and she found herself dating the man who later got her boyfriend's number."
"But if you are a young person, if you don't want to get involved with politics, there is no way you can stop."
"The pair were arrested after the pair tried to reach the UK by plane, the Mail reported, citing police sources."
"And, yes, there's been some success with that, as the standard of care and the quality of care has gotten better."
"The campaign released the video after the murder of a woman, who had been with her boyfriend for nearly four months."
"And this week, we learned that the FBI, a government agency, has been working on a way to identify those responsible for the September 11 attacks, or at least those responsible."
"But it does seem that the Syrian government and its allies are doing their best to destroy the opposition's main base in the capital."
"Theresa May has warned Britain could be locked in a \"hard Brexit \"if the EU is to remain a part of the United Kingdom for the rest of the century."
"She will now focus on her family, as she's planning to raise a family with her ex- husband."
"But the truth is, if you're a single parent and you have a student loan debt, and you're saving for retirement, you're going to be more likely to save for retirement."
"She was diagnosed with a form of the virus when she was about 18 months old, but it was brought on by a drug treatment programme."
"So, if you're going to bring your own content, you have to be very careful what you bring, because it will be a game of how to bring your own content and style."
"The truth is that we are not going to get a free- riding of a choice that would have been a much better one had we not been in the Government."
"Mr Cameron has also raised the prospect of the UK voting to leave the European Union in June's referendum."
"But he is also a member of the Irish team and a member of the executive team of the governing body of the international rugby union governing body."
"The case is likely to go to trial on March 10, 2014, and the four- year sentence for the attempted murder remains in place."
"I think they have the same issues, which is why I've been in the running to represent New York in the Senate, but they don't have the same issues as I have."
"A spokesman for the London Metropolitan Police said:'The Metropolitan Police are working closely with the victims and their families and are offering support to anyone who has information which may assist them with their investigation."
"That is the message to the club, which was clear that it was a duty to retain its position as a leader."
"\"When we came to the news, we were so happy,\" he said, adding that he and his wife have been making it a priority to be with their children for the last 12 months."
"The current vote will not be seen as the final word on climate change, but it will be seen as a starting point for policy."
"She added:'I have been in a relationship for a number of years but never had a partner."
"When you're a player that you've got to build around, that's what I have to do."
"We have been told there are no more families left to take part and that will be the case for the rest of the year."
"That's a huge difference, especially when you see the numbers against the Tigers, so I'm hoping he's making some plays."
"I thought there was a clear path forward but the authorities did not want to go too far."
"He has been so good to me in a positive way and has shown he is going to help me with the transition."
"What we want is a high- quality, high- quality service that is safe and secure and that will ensure that people are able to get the services they need."
"We're still working to make sure that people are aware of the risks, so that they can be prepared for the future."
"We have seen a similar trend, which is why I am not surprised by this latest survey data."
"Trump has said repeatedly that he would, as president, build a \"great wall \"between the United States and Mexico."
"\"I've been through a lot but I want to put my hands up and say I'm doing this to help,\" he says."
"I've been around a long time and it's always been a really good thing for me and for the players."
"\"I know it's hard for some people to understand but if you can't handle it, you're not going to get the job,\" she says."
"I think that's a bad thing because I know that I have to work to create a good environment for people to learn and grow."
"She added:'I think he's got some ideas about how to save the world but I think that's a fantasy and I don't think he understands the world."
"The police have been unable to determine if Mr Cox was shot, and if the incident is linked to terrorism."
"A few of us would have loved to have been able to have that conversation, but you can't."
"It was the first time the pair had ever met in person but they haven't spoken in public for years."
"He said: \"The overwhelming majority of people will get the benefit of the doubt because of a false name."
"The statement said: \"As a minister, I'm always open to changing our ways and I have been open to new ideas."
"A spokesperson for the Met said:'We are aware of a student who had his card number sent to his address on Friday."
"When asked if the experience of being a model made him want to work in the industry, he said: \"There is no answer."
"\"It is a fantastic club and for the fans, it is a great club to be part of,\" he said."
"I have never been more excited for the future of the club and this is my first time playing in the Premier League."
"I was always going to be in the army, so I was going to be doing what I love most- teaching my children."
"\"I'm happy to be there with the team,\" he told reporters before a four- hour interview with The Associated Press."
"But I want to be able to have a conversation with my players and get a better understanding of what they want from me and what I'm trying to achieve."
"The time has come for all parties in the Scottish Labour Party and the Scottish Greens to work together to support the campaign for a second independence referendum."
"\"It's been a very difficult few months for me in my career,\" he said of the first three months of 2016."
"It's hard to get my family and friends to stay away from me, so I think that's a good thing."
"\"I would like to think that my daughter would never have been diagnosed with this disease,\" he said."
"That's because people can always look up the number of days that have gone by and they can see what's going on."
"It's not about winning the game- that's the big thing- but we have to win the game."
"In a news conference after the court's ruling, the family said they are moving forward with legal action against the city of Los Angeles."
"The reason for the drop in the pound is not clear but economists say the Brexit vote will likely lead to a drop in consumer prices."
"We've been working on the following projects for some time now but I think we're going to finish it in the next month or two."
"It is a good sign for her and for her family that she is returning to Canberra, where she will spend the rest of her life."
"I've been sitting in my living room and watching the news on the news that he's going to go down in the history books as one of the greatest players of all time."
"I just wanted to show what I could be as a woman, and as a person, and be able to be myself."
"But the government's proposed tax rises would come at a cost, with the average pension benefit rising by 4 per cent over the next five years."
"It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen, and I think it's just such a great place to be."
"He also highlighted the EU's \"high- profile \"migrant crisis, and said that the UK was moving towards Brexit."
"This is the first time the company has been contacted by a British regulator for its legal advice and has asked to see the deal in person."
"If we don't take action on climate change, we are not going to create a climate that is different from what we are living in now."
"In a separate development, a witness reported seeing a man walking towards a group of boys about to go for a run before suddenly raising his weapon and firing shots at the men."
"I'm not saying there's a problem, but it's something I'm really concerned about."
"It's been a tough year, but I can't wait to see what we get next season and what we get in the future."
"The 28- year- old's comments come after he claimed the Tory leader, Theresa May, had \"not kept the faith \"in her negotiations on leaving the European Union."
"'I don't believe it's really the risk that's been taken for the children- they've been abused and it's really dangerous."
"We'd like to see the UK and the rest of the world take a closer look at the situation at the moment, to make sure it doesn't happen again."
"I've always been a big fan of the book and I've been excited to see how it will be used."
"But in the process, they were playing the perfect game, and that's how we got the win."
"A criminal investigation was launched after a number of offences were discovered in the investigation of a number of offences in the late 1980s and early 1990s."
"\"I've got to keep in touch with them, because I'm getting more and more calls,\" she said."
"In the past, the government has been criticised for not fully paying into its own public pension scheme- a practice that has cost the NHS billions of pounds."
"We can't do that on our own, as we've already seen with the collapse of the European Union and the migrant crisis."
"But because you've got two of the best teams in the world competing for the same amount of money, there's a real chance of getting a bit of extra money."
"The announcement came as France's new health minister, the country's second in a row to lead the country's medical system, made a similar announcement."
"The two were married in the early 1990s and had been together for over a decade before the death of his mother, who was also a party worker."
"The World Bank estimated in May that this year's global temperature increase would be the highest since the mid- 19th century."
"This was the second time in the past five years that the Republican party has held a closed convention, this time to save a few thousand dollars."
"\"If I had a chance to drive the car, I wouldn't have been able to do it,\" he said."
"The 12- year- old was not available to play for England and has been ruled out of next summer's World Cup."
"But this week, the Justice Department filed a lawsuit challenging that decision, arguing that it's too broad."
"She also said that she had spoken to him before the night of the shooting and he had not said anything."
"In fact, the investigation reveals that the village was the site of the oldest known recorded settlement in the region- dating back to the first century A. D. 400."
"The company has already spent $ 1. 7 billion on advertising in the U. S. alone, according to the Wall Street Journal."
"A total of 39. 8 million people in the country were in work by the end of last year, up from 39. 9 million at the end of 2014."
"They'll need to show that they are an efficient and robust business to win over many shareholders, and have the resources to do so."
"At the same time, there are two key things to remember about the Brexit vote: The first is that the EU referendum was a referendum on the strength of Britain's EU membership."
"In order to reduce the number of people with a criminal record, the government has decided to encourage more people to seek employment."
"In addition to the police, a civil rights task force will also be investigating the killings and the resulting social media controversy."
"The defence- the government's legal system- had suggested that the court was less likely to be called on to take up the case against Mr. Trump."
"I'll have to see if there's anything that can be done about that to keep her out of jail."
"The study, in the journal Science, suggests that the more often people are exposed to new sources of light, the less likely they are to be infected."
"He will be officially announced as a candidate for the Republican Party at the party's convention in Cleveland, the party announced Friday."
"In a statement, the company said: \"We are looking forward to working with the police and with all the people involved to improve the community."
"\"We have a great relationship with our fans,\" the Eagles owner said, via Twitter."
"I am at a loss on what I want to do now because I know I am going to have to do a lot better."
"She added: \"There's not one single word in the draft legislation to say that I can't have the right to say that."
"\"I'm not going to comment on the conversations that I have with my husband,\" she said."
"\"I really don't know why it's in the best interest of the club, the club and the fans to turn a blind eye to it,\" he said."
"This was not the first time the couple had met, but their first meeting was at the age of 13."
"It was a powerful message, telling us we are not alone in our own situations, but our lives, and we are in a very good place."
"The office said the matter has been referred to the ACT Police Department and the investigating officer is looking into it."
"\"I'm the first to admit that I'm a little bit disappointed that the party is split,\" he told The Independent."
"We're going to see the [ American ] football team in the American Football League, and that's the way it should be."
"\"I didn't know that I was gay until I went to the doctor,\" he said."
"And when I had to leave that year, I decided to take it easy and be a professional."
"A strong win would be a major blow to Mr. Trump, who has been leading in the polls for months and has said he will not run."
"The winner will be announced on the day the 2016 Olympic Games begin in Rio, where the games will be held."
"The failure rate in all three countries is 20 percent, compared with just two in the US, according to a new report."
"I don't know what is going to come of it but I feel like I'm in a better place now than I was before."
"It's been a great experience and I'm looking forward to getting back on the court and getting ready for the next challenge to come."
"Some analysts say the market is likely to be less than it was on Wednesday, with the S & P 500 index up 2. 5 percent."
"The results come as the country's leading bank says it is under threat after a series of high- profile attacks."
"That's not how I feel about my wife, about my son, or about my girlfriend or my husband."
"With so many options open to him, it was nice to see his confidence rise and it was good to see that he was right there to be my choice."
"\"A big part of our business is to get players involved and to make sure that they're playing at the highest level, and that's what we're doing,\" he said."
"If you are a young kid looking to get into the industry, you have to have the right idea and know how to be the best, and I think that is a big part of the appeal of the game."
"When I got the phone call, I knew I had to go to the police because of the woman's story."
"I'll just be watching this thing, and I'll just be making sure that it's safe, and I'll just be doing what I can to help people."
"The more you get to the point where you are able to find out more about them and put them into the right context, the easier it is to find out more about them and put them into the right context."
"The Scottish Government has said it is \"committed to taking action \"in the wake of the historic strikes."
"The death of the teenager in a police custody van was recorded by his mother, who is still in custody, the court heard."
"\"I think it's a very important step for us, and it's something that we've got to be very careful about,\" he said."
"The British Medical Association, which represents junior doctors, warned of a \"terrible \"toxic effect on the NHS of the prospect of a post- Brexit NHS leaving the EU."
"If I was thinking about this and I wasn't sure about it, I would have taken a break."
"The German Chancellor's spokesman said on Wednesday that the new rules will not change the Berlin- led coalition's position."
"A private company in China is selling health insurance on the internet and will soon be launching a software that will let its customers get insurance on the internet."
"The only question is whether the winning team has the confidence to play the next two games against teams who are in the top eight."
"He said: \"What's happening in the past week or two weeks with the weather is nothing new."
"A picture of the woman at the centre of the row shows her with a small black mark on her left arm."
"\"We are going to be trying to move the ball a little bit better this week,\" he said."
"The four- year- old had been taken from her mother's house at about 6: 30 p. m."
"The 31- year- old had been at the office for almost two years and was fired from the firm in December 2015."
"The fact that they are getting out of the door is a sign that they are getting closer to the core."
"\"If I'm going to stand for the country, I'm going to stand for the whole country,\" he said."
"If you'd told me it wasn't a great day I would have told you it was."
"The man who took the photos is understood to have lived in the town, but was not part of the group that took the images."
"\"It is the first time that a political party has actually been given a platform to speak out in a way that actually reflects the views of the party,\" he said."
"The more you try to get rid of it the more it becomes in your head and if you can't control it then it can be a problem."
"\"If there's one thing we need to look at more than any president, it's winning elections,\" she said."
"\"We would like to thank all of the families of the victims and their families for all of their support,\" he said."
"But that is what I'm most worried about, not only for the safety of those students, but also for the long- term health of the campus."
"A baby born with a rare genetic disorder has been named after his parents, who have been named after a man with a rare genetic disorder who was born with a rare genetic disorder."
"He was a fine, talented young man and I am sure he would have been a good boy and he is always open to giving advice."
"The party has a winning record in the House, but the electoral map is not where voters want it to be."
"One victim said: \"They were making a joke about what he was doing to a woman, not the actual assault, and then they shot him."
"\"I'm very, very angry and sad, because I felt so lucky to be here,\" she said."
"The contract for the Olympics, to be held in London from 10 December to 1 January, is expected to cost about \u00a3 7 billion."
"The new research, published on Thursday in the journal Science, suggests that the brain is responding to these signals in a way that other parts of the brain aren't."
"It's really important to the club, to the fans, to the staff and the community, to give it everything we have."
"To find out more about how the Trump campaign and the Republican Party are trying to figure out who is best for the presidency, watch the video above."
"If the government has to do a business with a consumer group, then the industry's interests will be better served by the agency."
"And that's just not going to happen ; people are going to have to do it on their own."
"If you're going to be part of the story, it should be about what you do, what you don't do."
"The second is that he's not in the best of shape at all, that it's the captain that's being sacked."
"In the past, I've always done the full form, but in this case, I'd rather just have the ball at the back end."
"\"We'll see what happens, but at this point we have no idea what it is we're going to be seeing,\" he said."
"\"What is clear is that the President's agenda is the only one that is consistent with what the majority of Americans believe in,\" he said."
"The reality is that most of the players in the league don't have to worry about getting injured, so they can do their best to play."
"He was a member of the National Guard and had served in Afghanistan and Iraq before returning to the US with the intention of serving as an MP."
"That's the difference between being a Republican and being a Democrat, and whether or not you're going to win."
"He's been on the streets, he's been working in the streets of New York, he's been standing up for himself."
"The Sunday Times has also said that they have \"no plans \"to move the film to a bigger screen, with the studio putting in a $ 3 million budget."
"But I think it's important that we're able to bring a good result from the game and try to get a result and win the game."
"He said he had told his friend that he could not help her, and that she had become ill after the incident."
"The crowd in the ground was mostly in agreement: The crowd were excited about the outcome of the referendum, but they weren't so excited that they didn't vote for the UK to leave the European Union."
"The two men were talking on the phone and the woman decided to send the two men home, but they were unable to get to him."
"The NSW Liberal Party, which was formed in 2014, has been in power since 2011 but has been unable to form a government."
"If they can't make a lot of money, we're not going to help them make their money."
"The government has also said that it is committed to a \"free trade \"union agreement with other countries, as well as to a free and fair trade deal with the EU."
"\"We are committed to ensuring that the UK is one of the leading places on earth where people can enjoy their own private time,\" she said."
"If I don't get an opportunity to play for the rest of my life, I'm not sure I'll be able to do that."
"I'm sure he's got a lot of work to do to get back in shape for the Champions League."
"When you're in a position where you have no money, you have to be in a position where you are able to do it."
"It's such a huge thing, but the reason I have a relationship with people is because I love them and I want to give them what I have."
"I've had a lot of fun, but in terms of my career and my job as a manager, I've got to make sure I do everything I can."
"The judge ordered the mother- of- four to pay \u00a3 30, 000 to the mother of three, who had allegedly made up the story."
"The news, she says, is that she has a lot more work to do and is in a lot of pain."
"The goal is for us to continue to be able to play in the league and the league is very important to us."
"That's a lot of data to work with and it's important to understand what you can learn from it."
"But he said it was important that the government let the new study be conducted before the final report was published."
"You know what you want to do, but you don't know where to go or what to do."
"The majority of workers are in the sector but many are not there in the supply chain so they need more tools to help them."
"We have a long road to go, but I think it's a good time to start looking forward."
"\"I know the goals I have in mind and that is to play in every game, to play at the top level,\" he said."
"The figures show the public's view of Britain's relationship with the EU has changed significantly over the last two decades."
"If you are under 30, that's something you can do and it's something that is going to have a knock- on effect on your life."
"\"There are a lot of good teams out there, but I think we've been working hard to stay in the race,\" he said."
"As the project continues to grow, the city is looking for ways to ensure it does not become a \"power station,\" as the city calls it."
"\"We will continue to support our international partners with the US and China being a vital partner in helping to ensure peace and stability,\" he said, according to a statement by the Philippines."
"But it's the second- quarter figures that really take this show to a new level, with a whole lot of new faces."
"When I get into the court, we'll have to decide which ones are too hard and which are just too easy."
"We know from previous tests that the second- hand smoke can leave patients with a number of symptoms."
"The list of names of the people in the apartment building includes members of the royal family, family members and friends of King George."
"It's a good opportunity for me to try to get back to my natural shape and be on the field for the whole week."
"The British people are in a referendum on whether they should leave the European Union or remain in it, but Theresa May has been caught off guard by the outcome of the vote."
"The authors of a new report estimate that the proposed constitutional changes would cost the state $ 1. 6 billion per year."
"A 24- year- old woman is among eight people injured in a shooting in south London, police said today."
"We are all in this together and it's up to us to understand what we are capable of and the best path forward is to do what is best for the club."
"It's a bit like the way you watch a song or a video or a painting or something that's being played in the background."
"She said:'As a mother I don't want to give away my children for money, but my own children will be getting a lot more."
"The United States has said the IS fighters have not been given a fair trial in any of the bombings that killed more than 200 people in Mosul in northern Iraq last week."
"A lot of people are saying that it is the most disappointing and the worst thing that could have happened to me."
"\"I've got to find a way to get out and stay in the game and to win games,\" Murray said."
"\"It is not clear whether these three women were involved in the current outbreak, but it is possible that there may have been more than one of them,\" he said."
"There are some really strong statements in there, and that's the part I'm working on, but it's a very hard thing to deal with."
"A sign that it may be a \"closed \"or \"closed \"way of life in Germany, the former Chancellor has said."
"I can't speak for everyone, but I think we've got a good squad and a good manager and I think the best thing for the club is to keep the faith."
"A couple of years ago, it was not that big a deal for me to spend three months away from my family and friends."
"He is a very good player, he is a very good player but at the same time, we had to go out and we did not want him to come in and be a burden for us."
"You get a little bit of time, but it's not a good way to win a game."
"One of the most important factors in winning over young voters is a focus on issues that matter to them: education, health care, the economy, and the economy itself."
"Mr. Trump did not respond to a request for comment from The Times, and a spokesperson for the party did not immediately respond to a request for comment."
"There was no exit time on the buses in question, but drivers were reportedly told to make sure they were on time."
"After reading her blog, I asked her to explain why she thought the agreement should be in place."
"The US president, Barack Obama, has repeatedly claimed that his country was'not safe'to its population."
"It's also about my career, and how I got to where I am now and how I could have a better career and the opportunities I've had."
"If we are to get to the next level, it would be a good fit for us."
"\"I've always wanted to take the race to England but I don't have the time for it,\" he said."
"If we are in a situation where you don't get to make the playoffs, the playoffs are the worst thing in the world."
"\"This isn't about any one single event, this is about the diversity of our city,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested and charged with planning to carry out a terrorist act, and the allegations against them are to be investigated by the Metropolitan Police."
"I don't think that's going to happen ; there are certain things that have to be done to make sure that those things are happening."
"This means that the women who work in those jobs have to work longer hours to make ends meet and the men who work for retirement account for their extra pay."
"It's just such a massive honor to be a part of this and to play such a big part in the development of the franchise."
"This was not the case for us and it's a huge challenge, but we are just now beginning to get to the point where we can get to a place where it's possible."
"But we will do everything we can to keep them in the single market and to leave the European project in the hands of the British people."
"But the way I feel about it is that I think a lot of the people in this room don't care."
"But the highest- profile thing he's done is to have the country's universities invest in new research."
"In some cases it could have been an even bigger problem if the victims were of the same background, such as having a family background."
"It is a big loss for both teams, but you can't do anything about it until the end of the season."
"So, he's got to be there for them and I'm not going to be there for them because that's how I feel."
"After the race, Cruz said he'd \"probably \"take a trip to Mexico and then travel the country to meet with the president."
"I don't know what they will do but I am going to keep going forward and if they give me a chance to win the title again I will be looking forward to it."
"I think if I'm honest with you and I do the best I can, it's a terrible situation."
"\"There's a lot of people out there who are trying to do something about the problems that people are having,\" she said."
"The military, which has been targeted by the rebels for years, has mostly been fighting the Syrian government in the east of the country."
"He was convicted of three counts of murder, one of which was the shooting, and was sentenced to two years in prison, but is eligible for release in January."
"We have to take pride in that, and I am very excited to do that with my team."
"We will work closely with our European partners to address the threats and issues faced by our member states and the European Union in relation to these threats."
"He is probably not an England player so it's really important to try to bring the best out of him."
"\"What I'm worried about is that people are saying, we've had a lot of success but we're having to make a lot more progress,\" he said."
"So far the rebels and the U. S. coalition have not confirmed a new round of air strikes against Islamic State."
"He was a player who, in a game like this one in New Jersey, he was always on his feet, always fighting."
"\"It would be really difficult for us to be able to do that,\" he said in an interview."
"If the school's history is anything to go by, the university has been cleared of any possible misconduct."
"\"It's a tough place to go but you'll get the chance to go and see some of the athletes here,\" he said."
"So it was nice to have someone who's a great coach and player in my life, and I felt I was lucky to have him."
"The goal is to get as many delegates as you can get in New York and then to get everybody in New York to the convention."
"I always wanted to finish this campaign in my final year and I'm really happy with how we're doing."
"At the end of the day, we have to be prepared to compete in the first Test and play it in a different way to the way we play in the last two."
"\"I've been in a lot of relationships with people who have had a good time in some fashion,\" he said."
"While the majority of the UK population is in favour of leaving the EU, around a quarter of Scottish people think it would be better for Scotland's economy to stay in the EU."
"I was thinking, it is a great day, you are on the radio, we are going to get a lot of your stories."
"But, he said, the state is just beginning, with the potential for a referendum to decide whether the country is ready for a high- tech country to take over the world."
"It's good to see what's coming out of the Australian Rugby Union, and I'll be keeping up to try to get that going."
"\"It's definitely one of those things where you want to try and make a point that the media doesn't cover you very well,\" he says."
"It's a problem that we have to address, but it's also a problem that we have to look at our culture."
"It was important to me that he was in a place where he could come back and play as a player."
"He said he didn't see the pain of the death of his son, but he was hopeful about his own future and how it would affect his children."
"The man, who is believed to have been aged in his 20s, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, causing serious injury or death to a child, and dangerous driving causing injury."
"The State Department had said in July it would hold a public investigation into the Clinton Foundation, the Clinton Foundation and the State Department."
"\"We are already seeing a major shift in how we handle terror threats,\" said the U. S. military's chief of operations."
"He did not appear in court, but on Wednesday he was heard in the room of the public defender's office in San Francisco."
"We were always clear that we wanted to win the league and that's what we wanted to achieve so we have the best chance of doing it this season."
"She said:'The victim is a young man, about 30, a couple of years older than myself."
"I'm here to tell you, if you're a Republican, you have no idea how much fun you're having in a room full of Democratic supporters."
"The group's income in Britain is estimated to be \u00a3 60, 000 a year, with the rest going on to the care home."
"It was a fantastic opportunity to show people that we are still here and that we can compete again, that this is our home and this is our family and that it's where we want to be."
"The vast majority of the 17, 000 people who have been trapped are civilians, according to the United Nations."
"But, in the end, it was my last chance, so to be able to tell all those people out there and get them to come forward, that's what I wanted to do."
"He's a big, strong, physical guy and he's got some good speed, but he's got to move in the right way."
"It is great to see the number of people who have come to the UK to help our country is under control, and we are doing everything we can to keep it that way."
"\"There is a process in place in Australia to prevent anyone from coming into Australia without the permission of a foreign government,\" he said."
"The price of oil is expected to hit its highest in over a decade in the second quarter, according to OPEC."
"They think they are doing well and don't think it will change, so they have no idea if it will change in the next year."
"They also have been in the country for more than five years and have been advised by the government to apply for asylum."
"There are a lot of things we need to do to get the best out of the boys, the team, the manager and the players, but we're still waiting to get him."
"I want to be part of the community and help bring positive change to the community, so that we can all enjoy our time together."
"In the aftermath of the attack, the Belgian prime minister said he was \"willing to support \"any solution to the Belgian civil war."
"But he said he's very worried that the UK could be in for a \"very tough time \"if its Brexit talks fail."
"The two other men charged have been released on bail and are being questioned by police, according to a statement released by the family of the victim."
"\"A lot of people in this country think that I'm the president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"There is still a lot of work to be done,\" he said, adding that the project will not be complete until at least 2020."
"At the end of the day, I'm just a young woman who wants to show her body, which is not perfect."
"When the manager comes, you just want to get back in your game, to get it right and to play football."
"\"As a young man I know I am not alone and that all children need support, love and support,\" he said."
"It was just like my first time and I was really happy with it but I guess you could say it's been a success."
"We're building a new facility, we're bringing in a new coach, we're expanding our stadium in a much bigger facility."
"The second reason for the fall in crude prices is that a big oil company has decided to stop production and start production at home."
"The last time the council made an application for a further appeal was in 2013 when a council appeal was heard in court."
"He has made that clear to the players that we want to get him out of there but we are waiting to see what he does with the team."
"The idea is that the party may become more moderate and more liberal in its approach to dealing with the aftermath of the Brexit vote."
"The issue was discussed in parliament last month, when MPs from both parties demanded an urgent meeting of the executive."
"A spokesperson for the mayor said the problem is not the result of a mix of factors, including the lack of education and infrastructure."
"They are the most important thing to me and if we can get some momentum going we can go out and win the game."
"One of the first signs that the city is about to get back on its feet is the city's medical marijuana program."
"In the US, polls show Trump with a two- point lead over Clinton, so it's worth taking a look."
"If this is the case, then the state should be making the difficult decision not to push ahead with the phase out."
"We are all very concerned about the future of the museum and we will be seeking further information from the government and the museum."
"A charity which put a \u00a3 2, 000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the man who is believed to have broken into his home."
"In the same way, as we've noted previously, the idea of an open border between Britain and the Republic of Ireland is ill- informed."
"The report found that, on average, 3. 3 million British jobs were lost in the EU in the three months to the end of December."
"But then we knew it was going to be a hard season for him, so we had a plan for it."
"The first was a 90- minute window where he played, and the second was a 90- minute window where he played three or four times."
"A few years ago, I asked my husband to write a book about his childhood in the United States."
"If we don't get the best out of our coaches then we won't be able to compete with teams like that."
"The Labour leader has said he would support a second referendum if the UK voted to leave the EU."
"We've got to be ready for it and then we can't be waiting any longer,\" he said."
"And, for a moment, she was able to play the role of her self- made self- taken- for- profit self- made self- taken- for- profit self- made self- made self- made self- made self"
"\"This is the first time that you've had a doctor- a doctor who's a member of the medical board,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to try to go on the road and enjoy the game and try to play well,\" he said."
"He said that since the company's first round of deals had been delivered, it has delivered more than \u00a3 1 billion in deals in the last five years."
"But when I walked out of the club, I went back to my mum's place and we spent the next few days together in hospital."
"It is not easy to explain how to be the best for your child, especially in a world where so few have the means to get ahead."
"We are very sorry to hear that you have been arrested and that your daughter has been arrested and that you are in custody."
"A young woman who was raped as young as 10 at a party in a hotel room was murdered by her boyfriend, the police have said."
"She said: \"If I had known he'd said he was going to do it, I'd have asked him what was wrong with him, what his plans were."
"It is not a secret that the number of migrants arriving in Germany has increased, but there has not been a dramatic increase in the number of asylum seekers."
"\"If we can get the banks to follow up on this, then it is likely that the government will have to act,\" he said."
"It's a big part of me and it's been really difficult to go through the season and make that first call."
"So they are getting a lot of experience in the military and, to be honest, it's not the most exciting job."
"We're a lot closer than we were a couple of years ago, and that's good for the team."
"But you can't take the money away from us without us taking action,\" he said."
"The team was then asked if they could get a \"good look \"at the sun at the same time they watched the moon."
"At the moment, it's not possible to track a flight of more than 5, 000 miles for only one hour."
"It was all because he was going to be part of the team and it was just not a case of him doing the right thing."
"\"I have a friend who has been through a lot and has been through a lot, and she has had a lot of things,\" Trump said."
"In a statement read out to the court, the couple said they were \"so angry \"about the allegations and urged the court to ignore them."
"\"We are going to build a great wall, and we are going to build a great wall, and we are going to build a wall,\" he told Trump during a town hall event in Iowa."
"He also said he thought a little different and was ready to do more if he was asked to do so."
"The UK will have to pay more for its steel, and the government will face a vote in Parliament on whether to spend much more on its public services."
"\"There are a lot of people in this country who would say no to a big jump in the value of their home,\" Mr. Trump said."
"\"I have been here since the day I was born,\" she said in her wedding speech to a crowd of about 3, 000 people."
"In addition, the health ministry's new rules will cut the number of people who need help by one to two percent."
"He had been banned for five years, but when he came back to the UK, he was allowed to appeal to the High Court."
"\"There's only so much you can throw out there in the world,\" he said when asked if the U. S. would take any action against Russia."
"The problem was a problem with a natural law of nature that had been laid out in the law and the state and the federal government."
"But the couple, who are married, are now in a relationship and are looking for a new home, according to a news release from the state of Texas."
"\"This is not the kind of country where people just want to be happy and forget about everything,\" she said."
"It was the first time in 20 years that I'd ever come out of the dressing room and not been the captain."
"I have never been in a fight before, but that's my level now, that's the best level."
"The case was said to be the biggest ever in England, with more than 100 people at the inquest."
"It's not easy but that's what I've been working on and that's why I'm here."
"A report commissioned by the Department of Education and culture and the Welsh Government has found that around 200, 000 children from ethnic minority families live in \"high poverty \"in the region."
"It will be tough to get up, but I've been working hard and trying to get to the point where I can do it."
"You have to look at the 10- year- old, where it's about two years and then you're up and down."
"There is no evidence that any of these voters are Republican, but the overwhelming majority say they are against the GOP candidate, the poll found."
"But I also think we should do a little more to show that people can benefit from the difference of ideas."
"When you put your name on the ballot in the United States, you should vote for the person you think will be most representative of your values."
"\"We are in a terrible position and it is not right to force someone to do something that they don't want to do,\" she said."
"The parents of a teenage girl who was found dead in her cell last week have launched a new legal battle against the death penalty."
"The club has a \u00a3 250 million budget and, despite criticism of the club's finances, they have continued to build their stadium."
"'I was hoping to have a drink in a restaurant and we went to the counter to look but he's gone and he can't get out,' she said."
"It's not the first time a senior British politician has given an interview to the Guardian."
"She said the vast majority of her views were, in part, motivated by the fact that she's not the only woman in the world."
"A man who was stabbed in the chest by a security guard at a Paris train station has died from his injuries."
"I've got to deal with that and I want to be in this tournament and I've got to deal with that and I want to be able to take advantage of the opportunities that I've had."
"But when it comes to the electoral college, it is still a matter of which party wins the popular vote in the state where the majority of its members live."
"It's not like I'm telling them to get out of the car, because they're not going to see it, but it's like I'm saying get out of the car."
"For me, the biggest thing is to focus on the program and take a game to the end zone and be ready for any challenge."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the car,\" he says, noting that he still has it."
"A lot of people are trying to convince me I'm not a politician, but I just feel I'm not that person."
"As many as three- quarters of all delegates in the New York primary will be awarded in the fall."
"A further 22 per cent of voters said they could not see themselves voting for a third party candidate, and 39 per cent said they could not see themselves voting for a third party."
"This is the first time that we've had a game with a new coach in a few years, so we'll be looking to get back to that again."
"You cannot ignore all the things that are going on in the world right now and say you are not going to solve all the problems."
"However, he added that the two are now both \"close friends \"and that the two will be working together in a \"real capacity \"as a team."
"We'll look at it and make sure we can put more points into our team than we've ever put into our game."
"The last time we had a game like that, the one in the second half, I thought we were a better team and that's the way it's going to be."
"One in three women have attempted suicide, and more than half of them will die within the next five years."
"He's seen an increase in the number of customers, and he wants to make sure that the service is not only available to the Scottish market but also to the wider world."
"We are also going to spend an additional \u00a3 1. 6 billion over the next five years to improve the lives of our young people."
"She said:'The full extent of the injuries is not yet clear, but the UK has not yet made an arrest in connection with this."
"It's great to see more local organisations taking the opportunity to make the difference between being on council and being in a council."
"You're going to get a lot of people that are just excited about being involved in the community and seeing what the community can do."
"This means that students from the lowest- performing countries will get the chance to compete in the event at the same time."
"\"I'm looking forward to what's ahead of us,\" he said in a statement released by his office."
"The PM was also asked if he would accept a call from the UN secretary- general for the refugee crisis to attend the summit."
"If you are not as well- educated as the majority of your peers, then you may be better off taking up a job."
"\"I've never been so nervous about playing a team like this, and I'm so excited to come here and be part of that,\" he said."
"\"I am very grateful for my time with the show, and I want to thank everyone who has supported me,\" he said in a statement."
"But I can't, and I was able to give the more powerful people what I was asked to give me."
"\"We have the opportunity to build on the success of the campaign and not take it for granted,\" the spokesman added."
"\"I'm just really looking forward to this one,\" said the 34- year- old, who has been playing every weekend since being released from prison in June."
"But I'm not sure he'll get a ride on the $ 10 million he has raised so far."
"If the balance was right, the announcement would not have been made until after the 2017 general election, which could take place in late May or early June."
"There's a lot of uncertainty, but it's a great opportunity for us to win the national championship and get a title shot."
"I hope they find a way to get to the bottom of it and find out what they have been up to and to help them out."
"The couple have five sons and daughters, but can't leave home without their parents'policies."
"The two sides have agreed on a series of spending reforms to tackle the growth in emissions from power plants, the BBC reported on Thursday."
"'We were having a small child and were not quite sure what to do,' she said."
"But those interested in the idea must also see that in the early stages of Brexit, the public view Britain as a wealthy country is increasingly being viewed as a poor country."
"But in a country where such a move would have been welcomed by the opposition, Mr. Putin and his government will need to wait until the next election."
"The US- led coalition has launched dozens of airstrikes against the Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria, including in Mosul, Iraq, and has targeted IS positions in Mosul, Iraq, and other cities in Iraq and Syria."
"The government is also urging the private sector to help pay for new homes in the city, as well as many other high- rise developments."
"\"The scene in the United States has been a major theme for the last year,\" said John B. Ross, an expert on the conflict."
"I think that's one of the big things about the United States is that we're not afraid to let the fear go."
"\"That is why we are talking about the Paris agreement,\" said the former foreign minister of the United Kingdom, who led a public campaign against it."
"I'm not sure if that's a good thing, but I've seen what the American people have been saying, and I'm not sure I'm going to change that."
"You can't be a teacher and say that because you've been a teacher for a long period of time."
"\"I was looking for my brother, but they said they were going to let me stay at home,\" she said."
"We're pretty confident that we've got the right player, the right combination of players, so we'll just take that as a plus."
"The report also indicated that two- thirds of the people who had been on a substance abuse program for a year or more had received a positive test."
"\"It's a shame that we haven't been given a chance to compete and to feel like we were given a chance is disappointing,\" he said."
"The second round of tests will be held on November 2 and 3 and will take place at 10: 30 a. m."
"It's not like I've just been handed a bag and a phone and no one can tell me what it is."
"The Times also revealed that a senior British intelligence official has been charged with hacking the Democratic National Committee, a source familiar with the investigation said."
"The draft- the final product of a two- year, $ 11. 5- million contract-- is scheduled to be handed to the team's executive director, who will then make a final decision on the team's roster."
"This means that if a former player makes it to the NRL, it is the same as if they had not played in the NRL."
"\"As for the other groups, they are still working through the details of what they will be doing and what they will be able to do,\" he said."
"With a focus on what works for those in need and the potential to become good at anything, this is what we are looking for."
"It's too soon to say whether he will be able to live on his own or become the president of the United States."
"I've been on TV since I was five and I've never seen anything like it."
"\"I feel like I've been left behind, and that's the worst part of my life,\" she said."
"The food market is constantly on the edge and is a must- stop for everyone, including those in the tourist industry."
"That's a lot of work to go through, especially in this era of modern technology."
"The actual number of patients treated would probably be much higher, but the cost of care for those with pre- existing conditions would likely be much lower."
"It's a moment where the results of the British referendum- on the result of the European Union referendum- can be seen."
"You can't keep all the players in the squad, so it's not really about the depth of the squad."
"'It's quite a relief to know I've been able to make the most of my life and now I can give my best."
"We are all in the same boat, we are all in the same place, we are all in the same city and we have got to do something about it."
"They went to the Department of Health and Human Services in Washington DC, where they met with the President's deputy and the Secretary of Labor."
"The region's number one issue is the lack of food supplies and food, water, fuel, medicine, clothing and medical supplies."
"But I think it's important that you get out of your comfort zone and enjoy the ride."
"\"We are grateful for the support from the community and for the people of our state who have shown their support for us,\" she said in a statement."
"We are the first club to do that so we will need to keep improving and get better for the next three weeks."
"I hope that my wife will look after my son and his education, and maybe my sons will be able to go to university."
"He told the audience: \"We were in a plane and there was a guy on the other side of the plane."
"The campaign to end the program, which began in March 2015, has been running since July 2015."
"The people that are driving that could be doing more to prevent deaths than the people that are driving,\" he said."
"There are two camps, but not a good enough deal to be safe for most of the population in the city."
"It's a pretty special day, and I'm sure I'll be out there and I'm just going to make sure I'm ready for the game."
"She said: \"He's the most fantastic horse in the world, and the horses he has in the past have been quite different."
"I don't have any idea of what the rest of the country would look like if I had been president, but I'm very excited."
"The \"sustainable \"tour has seen 50, 000 people come to the capital, with many of them buying expensive tickets."
"The message I got was that I had to try to do it in the gym, but then I got that email saying there was no chance."
"If you really, really wanted to be in the movies, you'd be doing a lot of different things in different countries."
"It's unclear at this point whether the third person was aware of the weapon and whether or not it was fired by anyone."
"The research showed that about a third of the girls who had had sex at least once in the past year had experienced a sexual problem."
"The board also agreed to invest $ 1 million in a new office and property development for the soccer stadium, which will open in 2017."
"\"That was just an opportunity for us to show what we can do, and that is to try and win games,\" he said."
"\"I had hoped that I would have a chance to really express myself, but I don't want to do that,\" she said."
"While Clinton's campaign has struggled with voters with a history of drug- related violence, in many states the issue has been central to her campaign."
"He's the main reason why they've won their league title, he's also why they've been in the competition."
"It's not a matter of race- there are black people who are going to vote for Trump because they don't believe in him."
"\"I think there's an understanding of the things that are going on in his life,\" she said."
"The Prime Minister has admitted he is'shocked'to find out he is to blame for the second referendum result."
"But even in the most challenging of cases, the police can only do what they're supposed to do: investigate."
"And as far as he is concerned, he wants to be able to do whatever he wants to do and that's what we're going to do."
"A friend of the victim's, who was not identified, said:'She was just in shock."
"\"I'm still on it, and I'm looking forward to playing with you guys,\" said Jordan, whose brother had been on the team in the 1970s and 1980s."
"There is no obvious role for the government in making decisions, but the new rules provide some comfort."
"'We've had it for three weeks and I've just been trying to make sure I get everything on time."
"As a former public defender, I knew there was a certain ability to get a woman convicted and put her behind bars."
"The three men were arrested in December, and are being held on suspicion of rape and robbery."
"One key question: What are the limits of what you can do when you don't have a good idea?"
"While he could have avoided a potential death by taking the medication, he was too ill to take it."
"He said: \"I am sure that we will do our bit to keep everyone safe and that is what we are doing."
"He also said that he thought the European Union was not an effective force in the fight against ISIS, which had taken over Europe."
"When the police called, the family had just taken their son to a friend's house, where he was taken into custody."
"We're going to take care of business and we're going to go home to Texas,\" he told reporters."
"\"It's all about taking your time, learning from the mistakes and taking a break from the pressure,\" he said."
"The group includes six U. S.- based officers and one Iraqi, according to a statement from the U. S. military."
"This has been my passion for a long time and I've done a lot of research about how much water we need."
"\"There is always the risk that there is more of a risk of the missing person, and that's why we are very concerned,\" he said."
"They've got a whole lot of talent and they've got a lot of confidence, but it's the last place."
"'And you said to me, \"I don't see how you could be able to tell me something that I wasn't allowed to see."
"I guess you can look at the question of what we have, where we've come from, and what we've got to do to win a title, and I think we've done that."
"\"I'm just going to try to enjoy the whole day and go out and make sure I'm enjoying my day,\" he said."
"I've got a lot of love for him, but I don't know what he's going to do in the future."
"\"I know I've got to go out there and have a good season, so I'm confident in myself and feel like I'm getting my chance,\" he said."
"He's really nice, I have a huge amount of respect for him and I know how much he's missed the last few years."
"\"The president- elect has said that he wants to build a wall along our southern border,\" she told supporters."
"There's a couple of reasons why you don't want to spend the entire day with one, but they're the ones that stand out."
"After eight years in this job I'm ready to be back in there and get a taste of what it's like to be a professional."
"A few days ago, a man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, but no charges have been filed."
"I am going to leave the European Union now and that is my main job as prime minister, but I will have to get back to work."
"\"I was very worried about the lack of the internet and how long it would take me to get it back,\" he said."
"That is why he is more than ever a champion of the public good and I am a champion of the nation's security."
"A 1. 6- magnitude quake struck the area on Friday afternoon, and residents were evacuated from their homes."
"But the fact that we are not in a position where we can say we have got enough cash to last two years means that the total is going to be in the hundreds of millions of pounds."
"\"I have not been able to get through to my family, I've been in touch with them,\" she said."
"She said the problem in the West was that people were trying to talk to each other and not get to know each other."
"It is just a matter of time until the whole system will be back on track and that means it will be a huge challenge."
"The United States and Russia agreed to reduce their military presence in eastern Ukraine by up to 2, 000 troops in a controversial deal."
"The former secretary of state is the most popular choice of the two, according to a CBS News poll."
"It's the kind of thing where you kind of want to get a sense of how people feel about you."
"\"We've not given them an exact number of people we're targeting but we've got at least 100,\" she said."
"It was one of the best performances of the year and to get it to the final, it was great."
"The Associated Press reported that authorities have identified the driver as a 27- year- old man who was not injured."
"It would make me feel guilty about not having to help her, because I don't know how the hell I am going to pay for that."
"\"It's like the story of one of those birds you love so much,\" he says."
"But this is all in the name of the Trump campaign, which has been threatening to stage a \"Trump walk \"in some of the state's most rural areas."
"If you have a heart condition or a family history of type 2 diabetes, you may be more at risk for this condition than you might be for type 1 diabetes."
"A former senator, she served as a member of the Democratic National Committee from 1995 to 1997, and served as a state senator from 1995 to 1998."
"With the game over, the players had plenty of time to prepare for the day, which would be good for the team."
"We've got a lot of people who are missing, we want to find out who the other guys are, we want to make sure that everybody is safe."
"One of them has to be an artist ; the other two can be scientists, who are supposed to make the most of their time away from the spotlight."
"\"I was very surprised,\" Ms. Carter said, adding that she expected her case to be a matter of weeks or months."
"\"We had a great meeting and we talked about the need for more transparency and the impact that would have on our business and we agreed to continue to do so,\" Mr. Scott said."
"And the last thing you want to do is try to shoot a story and hope it ends up being a good story."
"At least three people have been killed and four injured in a series of bombings in the northern German state, police say."
"\"The government has the right to decide the fate of our children's education and it should be done at the appropriate time and at the right time,\" he said."
"The drug is so popular that it's not even legal for people to use it, but it's not like the rest of the world."
"It's a great achievement, and one that will keep on coming up in the future, but we don't know how it will play out."
"The report also showed that more than one million people are missing out on unemployment benefits and more than two million are in financial difficulties."
"At the end of this week, the Air Force said it will turn over the aircraft to a US government agency that provided it."
"There is a lot of interest from us and from around the world- but it's not going to be as strong in the UK as it is elsewhere."
"\"It's not enough to be able to say, \"Well, you got your defense,\" \"he said."
"If we can get that message across, that it's OK to use and sell this stuff and it's OK to trade and trade and it's OK to use it, then we're all going to be better off."
"But I think there are some areas where you have to be a little bit more careful because we have got to have a bit more control."
"But I think it's just a one- off thing, and there are a lot of fans that will want to play in a World Cup, and I think that's a great way to do it."
"I want to make sure that there's a lot of love between us, and a lot of love that we can continue to be together."
"The jury of six men and six women is now to go on trial at a date to be determined."
"And I'm not saying it's not possible to have a whole lot of power but it is a very good thing that a lot of people are now talking about."
"\"I think it's a shame that he can't put his feet on the floor,\" she said."
"It's not like I didn't play a part in the series, but I was never part of that."
"\"The court has determined that the people of Scotland should have the right to decide,\" he told the BBC."
"The polls in Ohio and Florida are being carried out with a large number of registered Democrats, with Obama ahead by 5 percentage points, and with Clinton by 6 points."
"A man has died after his car was hit by a bus travelling on a busy road in central London."
"If we have a good fight, the fight will be good and we will be able to get our money's worth and move on with our life,' he said."
"He has also expressed his hope that the UK will remain a member of the European Union in the future, and that the situation in the EU will improve following Brexit."
"\"A lot of people say that the NHS is an emergency, but the truth is that it is not an emergency,\" he said."
"The researchers found that men are twice as likely to have attempted suicide than women and that suicide rates have fallen across the board, with the rate of female suicide being the highest in the UK."
"We've been given a huge boost in every year we've had and will continue to enjoy the greater quality of life we have come to expect."
"The UK's announcement is a direct challenge to the European Union, which has been trying to expand its borders to keep out the millions of migrants and refugees who have arrived in Europe since the start of the year."
"I'm sure they can say it- but I hope it will make them realize that this is their best shot at winning a World Series."
"The US and Russia have said their goal is to make sure the ceasefire does not take effect, although a Syrian government source told Reuters the US and Russia were not talking about the cease- fire."
"But it's going to be very difficult for him to get the results he needs, so we'll have to wait and see how it all plays out."
"The company, which makes smart phone and computer parts, said it expects growth of 12% to 13% for the quarter."
"It's not a way to play for the national team, to score goals for your country and try to win the title."
"In one of the best moments of the campaign, Trump said he is \"hoping for a good deal \"and added, \"I don't think so."
"In a speech on Monday, the governor said he would not support the plan, which he said would cost $ 1. 2 billion annually."
"They are planning to build a giant solar farm, which they hope could eventually power 100, 000 homes, in part by using waste from the sea."
"But I think we'll have to see how the Prime Minister's been able to do in the last few days."
"\"I am concerned that the people of this country have learned a great deal about climate change,\" he said."
"It was the latest development in a long- term dispute between the two countries, which are working to resolve the conflict in Syria."
"The extra funding will be available to all local authorities to use to cover the cost of mental health services and support services in schools."
"\"I have come here to tell the truth about the city of Birmingham and what it meant to me as a young black girl,\" she said."
"The company's net profit was up from $ 1. 8 million to $ 3. 1 million, with about $ 150 million of revenue."
"It's not the same as going to the beach, but it's about getting back to what you were before."
"The bank said it had seen a \"significant increase \"in the volume of loans it was receiving, but did not offer a number."
"\"We'll be testing a few different products to see if they're more safe than standard,\" he said."
"I am proud that we will have a new president, and that it will be very good for me to see him."
"The group also said that the victim, who had not been named, was shot several times in the head and then died from his wounds."
"And while the business isn't without problems, it's a way to get back to a business model that helped make Apple successful."
"I am very proud of that and I think it's a good thing to have him here for a long time."
"He also described how he and his wife had sex with their children's school friends and their parents at the same time."
"\"I'd like to think that if he were alive, I would have given him a chance,\" she said."
"If they are to be taken to court, the company would need to sign a statement of conduct to do so."
"I feel as though I'm ready to play, and I am ready to get back to playing my best tennis."
"A referendum is scheduled for early next month in a bid to end the longest wait in British history- more than two years."
"\"It was just a really big game and we're just really pleased with what we've done,\" he said."
"A female police officer in the Netherlands has been ordered to pay compensation to her family after she was allegedly abused by a male officer."
"They will no longer be able to sell their homes- which are currently worth less than \u00a3 5, 000- in the event of a Brexit."
"It was a bit of fun in the end, but I'm looking forward to the next challenge."
"The U. S. has already announced plans to build a 3, 500- foot- tall wall on the Mexican border that would triple its length."
"\"I hope he can get back in the race and make the best of the week, but that's not going to happen,\" he added."
"For the first time ever, the police and the justice system will face up to the challenge of treating people with the respect and respect that they deserve."
"The club has already confirmed the move is at an early stage, with it only allowing the players to leave after the season is over."
"The teenager was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital, where she died in hospital in March 2014."
"On the basis of that analysis, the court said, the department is \"fully aware \"of the victims \"interests in the information, and that it has issued a notice to all employees."
"When you've got two guys who have played in front of goal all season, it's nice that they've been able to come back and contribute."
"The company's shares had fallen more than 14 percent since the start of the year, after it reported disappointing results."
"But the 50- year- old father- of- three said: \"I have no idea how much it costs to buy these."
"It will mean that we will have a new government, not only in the next parliament, but in the next four years."
"I know that I am getting a lot of attention because of my work with other young people."
"The teenager's mother and father were taken to a local hospital, where they were treated for shock, and are expected to be released soon."
"I think it's important to understand that people are aware of these issues and if they can do something about it, then they should."
"The worst- case scenario was that Trump, a Democrat who has never held elected office, would become president and not the Republican- controlled Congress."
"The nature of the proceedings is that they are civil, but I think the facts are there that make it difficult to understand."
"The campaign, which began in early August and is now targeting North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland, has already raised $ 27 million in the state."
"The EU has asked me to sign the document and I am waiting to see if it will be accepted,\" she said."
"She said the bank \"will always be grateful to the victims \"for their help and \"will continue to do so \"if there are any new opportunities."
"Mr Khan has also refused to release his tax return, saying it would be published in a newspaper."
"If you have that knowledge, you know what is needed, you know what you are going to need to do, and that's the way I think we need to go."
"\"I don't think I've ever had anything like that,\" he said, before adding that his younger sister still has his heart."
"The man, who can be seen in the video holding a gun, later said the man did not want to shoot him."
"If you want to buy your first car, you should be able to get it with a car loan or equity."
"They said it is essential that we do everything we can to ensure that those who commit these offences are not brought to justice."
"He added that \"we'll be seeing more of the border fence in the coming days,\" saying that it will be the first time the fence has been built."
"The majority of young people are in work, and not just from the home, and many of those jobs are now in the service sector."
"\"I don't know what the impact is, but I'd like to think there's a bit more confidence in it,\" he said."
"The \"New \"campaign to force Britain to leave the EU has attracted the backing of the Greens, the trade union movement, and other opposition parties."
"The company said its market value in 2016 will be less than $ 4 billion, down from $ 4. 6 billion in 2015."
"It's just too sad to be here and I'm not happy, but it's nice to be here."
"In January, the council said it was considering whether to increase its assessment to include more vulnerable children, but has yet to make an assessment of the impact of the proposed cuts."
"\"A number of our customers have had to leave their properties, and are being forced to go on their own,\" she says."
"But there is no doubt that many have been frustrated by the price of living in London's inner city, which is below the national average."
"The fact that I took the time to talk to him a little bit and help him with the process is great."
"And he has made clear that he has no intention of going after the foundation, which has provided thousands of dollars in charity work."
"He was voted into office by his party's supporters after a speech in which he called for the party to win the White House."
"It's been a very tough few weeks for us, but the way we're playing and what we've been doing in the last week."
"\"I don't see why you shouldn't do the same thing you've done in the past, if you can get people to like your work,\" she said."
"At this time, the numbers indicate that the opposition had about 4, 000 fighters in the city, but a large part of that had been captured or destroyed."
"I was there for the whole game and it wasn't good enough for them to go into the game feeling they could play in the final third."
"The winning proposal would cost $ 1. 4 billion a year, with the remaining $ 1. 9 billion spent on education."
"We have been trying to get some of these things done, but it has been tough."
"\"The need for a better way to approach the issue has not improved, and we must do everything we can to resolve it,\" he told the Guardian."
"I could talk to the leaders of this country for years, but I'm only here because I want to talk to them."
"However, if the hospital had turned over to a third party, the outcome might have been different."
"I've just never been to a major league game, and now I'm going to the big league."
"\"This is a real problem,\" said the U. S. ambassador to Turkey, who was speaking to reporters at the news conference."
"The Scottish Government has been struggling with the issue of access to the UK's single market for the past five years."
"However, the former England captain has revealed that he is not interested in playing for his country and is now focused on his career in Germany."
