"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a deal to sell the property to the public, but had not yet received the necessary approval."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to take this away from you,\" \"he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after-"
"The company said it expects to generate $ 3. 5 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 2. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"\"I think the way I look at it is, I'm not going to be able to afford to buy a house in the next 10 years,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the US government and other countries to help it get the technology to market."
"I'm not sure what the answer is, but I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that."
"The government has also said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which is expected to cost about $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision, adding that it was \"not aware of any other cases \"in which it had been involved."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the response,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the government's inquiry into the company's handling of the crisis."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 1 billion in funding from private investors and was working with the government on a plan to make it easier for its customers to buy online."
"The company said it had raised $ 4. 5- billion in funding from investors and had a $ 1. 5- billion goal for the first quarter."
"The first thing I did was to go and get a lawyer and I was told that I would have to pay the $ 500."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to make sure that we have the best possible team for the future,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to provide a \"high- quality service \"to the public through its website, Facebook and Twitter."
"I think it's a good thing for the game, it's a good thing for the fans, it's a good thing for the club and I think it's a good thing for the country."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year about a possible licence to build the plant."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 percent at $ 28. 44 on Thursday after the company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 28. 42."
"The company said it would continue to work with the government on the issue, and that it would not be changing its business model."
"The company's shares were down 1. 9 per cent at $ 30. 78 on Thursday, the worst day for shares in more than a decade."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was wrong with my heart."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the government is going to have to pay for it."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in a position to make a difference in the world,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent since the start of the year."
"The government's new plan to tackle the problem is expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks, but it is not expected to be a major policy issue."
"The number of people who are not in work is growing, but the number of people who are working is falling."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is trading at $ 27. 99."
"The first thing I would do is to get the right person in the right place at the right time, and that's what I did."
"The group's website states that the group is \"a non- profit organization \"and that it is not involved in the election process."
"The United States and Russia have been at odds over Syria for months, but the two countries have been able to work together to end the civil war."
"The new rules are designed to help ensure that the UK's businesses are able to compete effectively with the rest of the world."
"The company's shares fell as much as 6 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced it was cutting its workforce."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would review the case and make a decision on whether to bring charges."
"The company's shares were up 1. 6 percent at $ 16. 20 in morning trading on Thursday."
"The first of these is a new kind of \"smart phone \"that can be used to track people's movements."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm going to be here for a while,\" \"she said."
"The company said it had received a \"significant \"amount of customer complaints about the service, which is now in its second year."
"The company said it expects to add more than 100, 000 jobs in the next three years, and that it expects to generate $ 1. 5 billion in revenue."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to show that we're going to be a great team,\" he said."
"The new figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer in the past year has risen by more than a third."
"The company's shares are up about 1% this year, and have fallen more than 20% in the past year."
"The UK is a member of the European Union, but it is not a member of the European Union as a whole."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this, because it's a good thing for the country,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been infected with Zika in the past year had risen to 1. 1 million."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The fact that he is still in the game and has a long way to go to make a difference is a big reason why he is still in the game."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really excited to get out there and play,\" he said."
"I think the reason why I think that is because I think that the people who are in charge of the country have a responsibility to look at the situation and to look at the consequences."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors."
"The company has said that it will continue to work with the U. S. government to help it expand its network in China."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, but I do think it's important to have a good relationship with your partner."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for offences against the law has increased by more than 40 per cent since 2011."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 50% since the start of the conflict."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 4 billion in funding from investors, including the investment bank Morgan Stanley."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to work together to fight the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq, the White House said Friday."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the project would be approved."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, and it's a good thing for the game, but I don't think it's a good thing for the game,\" he said."
"The company said it was working on a new strategy to help it grow its business, and said it was looking to expand its presence in the U. S. market."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal the ruling."
"The company said it was working to improve its customer service and that it would be making improvements to its website and mobile app."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very happy with the results and I'm very happy with the team."
"The government has said the new law will help reduce the number of people who are unable to work because of mental health problems."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are going to be in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will introduce a new system for people to register to vote in the coming weeks."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the highest- paid employees, which will be introduced by the end of the year."
"\"I think it's important for the people of the United States to know that we are a democracy,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of luxury homes, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to do it in the right way,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state also said she would not be backing a Trump presidency, but said she would support a Clinton administration."
"The government has also promised to cut the number of people who work part- time, to a minimum of 16, 000 by 2020."
"The UK's first female prime minister has said she will not be drawn into a row over whether to quit the EU."
"The company said it had been in talks with the US government and the European Commission about a possible sale of the assets."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the Brussels bombings, which killed 32 people and injured more than 100."
"The first was a very good performance by the team, but the second was not good enough to win the game."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about the deal, but it has not yet been able to sign it."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion Series B round."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure you're not going to be in a position to make a mistake."
"\"I'm not sure that I would have been able to do it if I had not been able to do it,\" she said."
"The first thing I did was I went to the police station and I was told that the police had been called to the scene."
"\"We have to be very clear about what we're doing,\" he said, adding that the U. S. should focus on the Syrian civil war and not on Russia."
"\"I think it's important to have a sense of perspective on what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the president- elect has the power to do what he wants,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down nearly 10 percent this year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's first public offering in 2014."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to improve its safety record, but has not been able to do so."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we want to do,\" he said."
"The new study, published in the journal Science, shows that the researchers were able to identify a group of people who had been exposed to the virus for more than a year."
"\"I think it's important to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted between July and September."
"The new rules are designed to make it easier for people to get their hands on the latest iPhone, and to make it easier for Apple to keep its customers happy."
"The government has also said it will not allow the UK to leave the European Union, and that it will not allow the UK to leave the European Convention on Human Rights."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company's shares rose as much as 5 percent to $ 24. 86, their highest price in more than a year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact on the NHS of the impact of the referendum result."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 8 billion in revenue in the first half of this year, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The US- led coalition has been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for more than a year."
"The company said it would be able to continue to provide services to the public through its website and on mobile devices."
"The two- year- old was found dead in her home on Thursday, according to the police."
"The government has said it will not take any action against the company, but it has been criticised for not doing enough to protect its customers."
"The U. S. has been a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State group, which has seized large parts of Iraq and Syria."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since 2011."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of the car and put it on my wall."
"The company said in a statement that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors."
"The new rules will apply to the first 100 days of the new year, but will apply to the first 100 days of the new year after that."
"I think the biggest thing for me is to get back to where I was before, and I'm just happy to be back here."
"The government is also working on a new law to ensure that people who have been detained for more than two years are not subject to further detention."
"The company has also been accused of failing to protect its customers from cyber attacks, which it has blamed on Russia."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that, but we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state, who has been critical of Trump's immigration policies, said she would not vote for the Republican nominee."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything until we get the right information,\" he said."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"vote in the referendum on Britain's EU membership."
"The company's shares were down 2. 9 per cent at $ 30. 21 in after- hours trading."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes in Syria since March 2015, when the U. S. began its bombing campaign in support of the Syrian government."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to try to do it,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit more of a football player, but it's a good thing."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 14. 50 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent this year, and it is expected to fall by at least 20 percent in 2016."
"The former secretary of state's campaign has said she will not attend the event, but the campaign has not yet released any details about her schedule."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we're going to have to make decisions,\" he said."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a full accounting of the sale because it was not able to do so in time for the holiday."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and I said I'm going to take a picture of my baby."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which was bought by a group of investors in 2014."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to improve its transparency and to make its products more visible to consumers."
"The company said it was \"pleased \"by the results and said it was \"committed \"to continuing to improve its business."
"The first thing you have to do is to understand that you're not going to be able to do it forever."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, and I think it's a good thing for the country for the country to have a president who's willing to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think the best way to do it is to be able to say, \"I'm going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in March 2011."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the land, but has not yet received a response from the government."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to be able to do that \"if the government did not act."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed by guns in the past year has risen by more than 20 percent."
"The former secretary of state, who has been critical of Trump's policies, said she was \"very happy \"with the outcome."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the UK in the single market without a \"hard Brexit \"and that it will not be able to keep the UK in the single market without leaving the EU."
"The company said it had sold more than 1, 000 of the vehicles in the past 12 months and was confident of selling more in the future."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a good look at what's going on in the world and to have a conversation about what's happening in the world."
"The fact that the government is not doing anything about it is a sign that the people are not going to be able to see the results."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of the morning, and were taken to a police station, where they were questioned for more than an hour."
"The only thing I can think of is that I'm not going to be able to do that, and I don't want to be the one to do it."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government, but has yet to sign a deal with the company."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact it had on the economy in the UK."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is a very different country than it was a few years ago,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that I can do it, but I'm going to try,\" he said."
"The US has been on high alert since the November attacks in Paris which killed 130 people and left 130 dead, including 130 children."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting has risen to more than 100, 000, according to UN figures."
"\"I don't think it's a good thing for the players to be playing in a place that's not the best for them,\" he said."
"The first is that the government has not done enough to ensure that the children are safe, and that they are not being sent to dangerous or dangerous conditions."
"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we have a plan for what is going to happen."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible customer experience \"and that it was \"committed to ensuring that the customer experience is as good as it can be."
"The new rules are designed to ensure that the UK remains a member of the European Union in the event of a Brexit."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would appeal the ruling, and the Justice Department said it would appeal the decision, but it could not say when."
"The new rules, which were announced on Wednesday, are expected to be in place by the end of the year."
"The company said it would also be offering a $ 1, 000 credit toward a credit card account that was used to pay the bill."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the situation in Aleppo."
"The U. S. military has been involved in the fight against ISIS since the group's capture of Mosul in 2014."
"The new law, which was passed in April, will allow the state to take away the right to vote from people who have lived in the state for at least five years."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that the future holds a lot of hope for the future."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to the police, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to the police."
"The first thing I did was to take a look at the video and see what I could do."
"I think it's important to get the right balance of the game and to play the right way to win the game."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to make sure its products are safe, but the company has been slow to respond."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"It's a great way to get to know the people who are in the room and to know the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 2 million payment from the government for the work, which it said was not related to the investigation."
"The former secretary of state also said she was \"very concerned \"about the possibility of a Trump presidency, but that she would not be voting for him."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that it was committed to ensuring that customers receive the best possible service."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other cases \"in which the company has been found to have failed to protect customers."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do this,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent at $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, after the company announced plans to close its plant in China."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"she said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past three years and that it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the next three."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do that in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it is now down more than 40 percent."
"\"I'm not sure how I would feel if I was in a situation where I was in a position where I was not allowed to be in the position I was in,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 10 percent in the past year, but they have risen more than 40 percent in the past year."
"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm sure it's going to be something."
"The company has said it will continue to work with the government on the project, which is expected to cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 10 percent in the past year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The new rules will be introduced at a meeting of the European Parliament on Tuesday, the day after the referendum."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and tell them that I was going to be arrested."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on the news, but they are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"\"It's a great way to get a sense of what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get my wife and I to the hospital and I was so scared."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 17, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by about a third."
"The new study found that the number of people who reported having had sex with a partner fell by 11 per cent between 2004 and 2014."
"The new rules will apply to all companies, not just the ones that have already been approved."
"The government has said it will not be making any changes to the way the EU is run, and that it will continue to work with the UK on its own."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people in work from 10, 000 to around five, 000 is a major blow to the economy."
"\"I'm not saying that's the case, but I do believe that there are some people who are not in the best interests of the United States,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the conflict."
"The new law, which will apply to all migrants arriving in Greece from Turkey, will be implemented on Monday, the official said."
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the incident and would not comment further until it had been fully investigated."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for drug offences has increased by more than a third in the past five years."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 3. 3 percent, to $ 38. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The government has been accused of failing to protect the rights of the people who are being detained, and of failing to protect the rights of the people who are being detained."
"\"I'm not sure how many people will come out and say, \"I'm not voting for Donald Trump,\" but I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a new product."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the NHS will be the people who have the power to make decisions,\" he said."
"The company's share price has fallen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"We have to be able to take care of the business, and we have to be able to take care of the business,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project and that it was \"fully committed \"to the UK government's commitment to the project."
"The two- time Olympic champion said she was \"very happy \"to be back in the sport after a long absence."
"The company's shares are down more than 10 percent this year, and they are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent this year and are down about 2. 5 percent this year, compared with a 3 percent decline in the same period last year."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm not sure what the future holds for me,\" she said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is offered to our customers \"and that it would continue to provide the best possible service."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 10 per cent since the news broke, and it is now down more than 20 per cent."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good way to get a little bit of momentum going into the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the government has a responsibility to ensure that the public have access to information,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1 billion in shares in the last three months of the year."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club, but I'm going to keep my job,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to get a lot of people out of the White House,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of this country are the people who are going to make the decisions that are going to be made,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation, which has led to the resignation of FBI director James B. Comey."
"The company said it would be able to provide a \"full range of services \"to its customers, including a mobile app and a website."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to impose a cap on the number of people allowed into the country."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my son, but I didn't know what to do."
"\"I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said, adding that he was still looking forward to the challenge."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about a possible deal, but the government had not given it a green light."
"\"We have a lot of work to do in the next few months and we're going to be working very hard,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the incident, which occurred on the same day as the anniversary of the 9 / 11 attacks."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow the government to impose a fine on anyone who has been caught with drugs."
"The company said it would be \"extremely difficult \"to get the new technology to market in the United States, but it would be able to do so in the next few years."
"The government has said it is committed to ensuring that all children are given the right to live in their own countries."
"The company said it expects to have a net loss of $ 1. 5 billion in the second half of the year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the fund manager."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital, and I was told that I was not allowed to go."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the president of the United States, but I'm going to be the president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do a lot of things,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that the next president is going to be a better president for America,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything, but I'm going to be honest,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on the technology for more than a year and that it had been working with the US government on the project."
"The former secretary of state, who is also running for the Democratic nomination for president, has said that she would not support Trump."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the people, and it's about the people who are going to be the first to be affected,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died in the last year is expected to rise by around 20 per cent, according to the latest figures."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of community and a strong sense of community that's not just about the president,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was working on a new product for the future."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child in the first place,\" she said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced a $ 1 billion investment in a new factory in China."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're seeing a lot more of that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government to sell the aircraft, but it has yet to receive a response."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to fund the construction of new homes or to pay for the cost of building new schools."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the people of the state of Florida to know that we are going to be fighting for them,\" he said."
"The United States has been the only major country to have a single- use nuclear weapon since the end of World War II."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 7 billion in funding from private investors, and that it was confident it could raise $ 3. 8 billion in the next three years."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision to the Supreme Court."
"The new study found that the average number of days a person can be diagnosed with the disease was four times higher in men than in women."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing because I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we are going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to go about it,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the deal was struck this year."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they're not going to be playing against each other."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS have a responsibility to the people who are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the deal, but has insisted it will not force the UK to accept it."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a good relationship with the people of the United States,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attacks in Paris on Nov."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in power are not the people who are going to change the world,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the game, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we are going to do it,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people living in poverty in the UK was at its highest level since the 1970s."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year and that it was working on a new product for the next year."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"I think it's important for people to understand that this is a very serious issue and that it's not just a matter of one person."
"The first was the first time I had ever been on the road, and it was a great experience for me."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody."
"The company's shares were down 1. 4 percent at $ 26. 30 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 1 billion."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 6 billion in funding from private investors, and that it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen to more than a million, according to the UN."
"The US has been a key ally of the Assad regime in the civil war, which has killed more than 250, 000 people."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 15. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue, but said it was not yet ready to release the results."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent in the past week, but they have risen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really excited to see what he's got,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent at $ 11. 40 on Thursday, and were down more than 10 percent at $ 14. 20 on Wednesday."
"The government has also said that it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new border controls."
"The former secretary of state, who is also a member of the Democratic Party, said she was \"very proud \"of the endorsement."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent at $ 30. 44, after a loss of $ 1. 60."
"The only way to get the best deal is to get a deal that works for everyone, not just the few."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land, which is owned by the Chinese state- owned company."
"The government has been criticised for not doing enough to protect the rights of the children who are being sent to Syria."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but it's a good thing."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a system that works for everybody,\" he said."
"I don't want to say too much, but I think it's important that we get the right balance of the game."
"\"I'm not sure what the outcome of that will be, but I'm sure we will have a good relationship,\" he said."
"The only way to get the best deal is to work hard, to get the best deal for your company, and to get the best deal for your customers."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a man in charge,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and the country is good for the country,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of a sense of community,\" she said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent since the company's stock price went up more than 20 percent in early August."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors in 2015, and that it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter of 2016."
"The company said it was working with the state government to ensure the new law is implemented and that the new rules are implemented in line with the law."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a child with a partner,\" she said."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a candidate for president, but I'm going to be a candidate for the people of this great state of California,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the project would be approved."
"The two- year- old girl, who was not identified, was found dead in a nearby field."
"The company has also been criticised for its lack of transparency, with a report in 2014 revealing that it had paid out more than \u00a3 1 million to people who had died in the UK."
"The company's shares are up more than 6 percent this year, and are trading at about $ 9. 60."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a woman president,\" Trump said in a statement."
"\"I'm not sure that we'll be able to do that in the next few days,\" he said."
"The first of the three- month- old children, a girl, was born on October 1, 2015."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he had been told by his doctor that he was not going to be able to play."
"\"I'm not going to go into it too much, but it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 8 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"\"I don't think that's a good thing,\" he said, adding that he was not surprised by the criticism."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks, but has said it will not take part in any negotiations with the opposition."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to improve its security procedures and improve its business practices, but the company has not done so."
"\"It's a very important game, and we're going to have to play a lot of it,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to have a good team that can win games and that can be a good thing for the club."
"The two men, who are not known to each other, were arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning."
"The first thing you need to do is to get the right balance of the two and you can't do that with a single player."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last three years and was confident it would be ready for the market in 2017."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book and make sure it's not just for sale."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of our country,\" he said."
"\"I don't think we should be doing this,\" he said, \"because it's not going to be a good thing."
"The group's first album, \"The Day After \"in 2013, was released in the UK on November 17."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is going to stand up and say, \"This is what we want."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that we have to get out of this,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that the United States is going to be a leader in the world,\" he said."
"The group has been working with the government and the police to identify the man, but has not yet been able to identify him."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a mortgage."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 16. 30 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was up 1. 2 percent."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to work together to combat the Islamic State group, the U. S. State Department said in a statement on Tuesday."
"The report said the government's plan to reduce the number of asylum seekers arriving in the country was a failure."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project for several months and was in discussions with the government about the project for a number of months."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been killed or injured has increased by nearly a third since the start of the year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been a major supporter of the Assad regime, but the U. S. has also been a major supporter of the rebels."
"The government has said it will take action if the UK leaves the EU, but has yet to make a decision."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 1. 21, their lowest level in more than a year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 3 billion in equity from investors."
"The company's shares rose more than 3 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday after the announcement."
"\"I don't know how I'm going to get through this, but I'm going to try and get through it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine how the devices were used."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a little bit more exposure to the world,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we get a good understanding of what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against terrorism, and the U. S. is a leader in the fight against terrorism, and we will continue to do that."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in March 2015."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"The first thing I did was to get my husband to come over and talk to me about the situation."
"The government has said it will not raise the minimum wage, which is set to rise to \u00a3 9. 50 an hour in April."
"\"I think the best way to do it is to make a film about the history of the country,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a big deal, but I think it's a big deal for the game."
"The new system is expected to be rolled out in the first half of 2017, and will be rolled out to all schools in the next two years."
"The government has said it will introduce a \"new, more robust \"approach to the issue, which is expected to be announced in the coming weeks."
"The government is also considering a plan to introduce a new minimum wage, which would be introduced in April."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion from investors in 2015, and it expects to raise $ 3. 5 billion in 2016."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, but critics say the system is unfair and will leave many people with little choice."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact is going to be, but I'm not sure what the impact is going to be,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working to improve the quality of its services and that it had been able to meet its target of delivering a minimum of one million weekly calls to customers."
"\"I think the best way to deal with this is to make sure that the people who are going to be affected are the ones who are most affected,\" she said."
"The U. S. has been on a high- speed train journey to Europe since the beginning of the year, but it is not clear how many passengers are on board."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 2 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the previous quarter."
"The UK's first female prime minister will be the first woman to lead a major political party in a major country."
"\"I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that we're not going to have a situation where we're going to have to go through this again,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to keep working hard to get better,\" he said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to be in the White House."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be doing anything that I don't want to do."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in the UK, and is also working with the US to develop a range of products."
"\"I'm not going to say what's going on in my head, but I'm not going to say what's going on in my head,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have been working together to defeat Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, but the Syrian military has been accused of backing the group's Syrian affiliate, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to listen to the American people,\" he said."
"The couple's first child, a daughter, was born on October 16, 2015, and the couple has two children together."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get my blood pressure checked and then I went to the hospital."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are in charge of the NHS should be in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep going,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government failed to act on its request for a ban on the practice."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a good relationship with the United States and we have a good relationship with the European Union,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 20 percent since the start of the conflict in March 2015."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold more than 1. 5 million shares in the three months to the end of March, up from 1. 5 million shares in the same period a year earlier."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of EU citizens living in the UK."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than a third since the company announced the deal in May."
"I'm not sure what the point of the game is, but I think it's important to have a good game."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal,\" he said of the deal, which is expected to be completed in the next few weeks."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the world in the use of drones, and the U. S. government has been a leader in the use of drones in the fight against terrorism."
"The former secretary of state also said she was \"very concerned \"about the impact of the new law on the economy."
"\"I'm not going to say anything, but I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the federal government to ensure that the new rules are implemented as quickly as possible."
"\"I'm not going to say what I think about it, but I'm not going to say what I think about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing for the country to have a woman president,\" she said."
"I think the best way to deal with that is to try to get the best possible deal for the players, the players are not going to be happy with that."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the coming weeks, will be introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks in November that left 130 people dead."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to know that the government is doing everything it can to help the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, but they have since recovered to about $ 1. 50."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm a bad person, but I'm not going to say that I'm a bad person,\" she said."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of workers."
"\"I think the most important thing is to get to the bottom of what happened,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 50 per cent in the past decade."
"The United States and Russia have been at odds since Moscow launched a bombing campaign in support of Syrian President Bashar al- Assad in March."
"The two- year- old was found dead in her bedroom on Friday, according to a police statement."
"The U. S. has been on high alert in the Middle East since Islamic State militants killed 130 people in a suicide bombing in Paris in November."
"\"We're going to have to do a lot of things to get the right deal,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who were responsible for the deaths of the children were not the children themselves,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it was too slow."
"The company said it would also be working with the U. S. Department of Justice to help it protect its customers."
"The group's first major attack on the Syrian government since the start of the war in March 2015 killed more than 250 people."
"\"We are going to be looking at a lot of different options and we're going to be looking at a lot of different things,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new policy to ensure that all asylum seekers are registered in the country they claim to be resident."
"The most important thing is to be in the right place at the right time, and that's what we're going to do."
"The government's decision to introduce a new minimum wage in April was welcomed by the unions, who said it would boost the economy."
"The U. S. is the world's largest oil producer, with more than $ 40 billion in revenue, according to the World Bank."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"I don't know what the hell happened to him, but I know he's going to be in the hospital for a while."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to say, I'm going to do this, and I'm going to do that."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has been increasing since the outbreak began in late October."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the United States to be involved in,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday as the company's shares fell more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will be published next month and will be subject to a public consultation."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue, and the government has also been criticised for failing to address the issue of the lack of funding for mental health services."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my family and see what was going on."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government since the start of the year, but the talks have been delayed for months."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not just talking about the United States of America,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 11. 35 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Friday, but they have fallen more than 20 percent in the last three months."
"The company has been under scrutiny for its handling of sensitive information, including sensitive information about the lives of U. S. citizens."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State since it was declared a terrorist group in June 2014."
"\"I don't think I've ever been more disappointed in my life than I am now,\" she said."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and I told him I was going to have surgery on my knee."
"The first of these is a new kind of technology that allows you to make a phone that's not a phone at all."
"The company's shares have lost about 20 percent of their value since the election, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The first thing I did was to get a good look at the video and see if it was real."
"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, because it's a good way to get people to talk about it."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be able to do anything else for the rest of my life."
"The U. S. has been a key ally in the fight against IS in Iraq and Syria, and the U. S. military has been involved in the fight against IS in Afghanistan and Iraq."
"The government has been trying to get the EU to change its mind on the issue, but the EU has not yet agreed on a new deal."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the company announced the plan in December."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third in the past year, but it is still trading at around $ 30."
"The new rules will apply to all UK- based companies and will be introduced in the coming weeks."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to be a good role model for young people,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project, which will be completed by the end of 2017."
"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm going to try to do it."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because it's a very good thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law that will allow the public to vote on whether to allow the new law to take effect."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the attacks in Paris in November that killed 130 people and injured more than 130."
"I think it's important to understand that the government has a responsibility to the people who live in the country."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, but the company has said it will not be able to sell it."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 2 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 1 billion in the first half of 2015."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold more than 1, 000 of its vehicles in the first half of this year, up from 1, 500 in the same period last year."
"The first thing I want to do is to get a good result, and I think that's the best way to do it."
"\"I'm not sure that it's a good idea to have a child,\" she said, adding that she was \"very proud \"of the idea."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the election, and have lost about $ 1. 5 million in the past year."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the vote, but the opposition has argued that it should be delayed."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and it was expected to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict."
"The U. S. has been the world's largest arms producer, but it has also been the world's largest producer of military equipment."
"The company said it expects to add more than 1, 000 jobs in the next 12 months, with the number of jobs in the UK and Ireland expected to grow by between 10, 000 and 15, 000."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide the necessary funding to fund the new school, which will be built in the first year of the school year."
"I think it's a good thing that we've got a team that's got a lot of depth and a lot of quality."
"The new study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the number of people who have a heart attack has increased by more than 50 percent in the past 20 years."
"I think it's a good thing to have a lot of people around you who are looking for advice."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of diversity in the dressing room,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia are both working to bring the Syrian government to account for the attacks, which killed at least 30 people."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, and the new figures show the number of people who have been denied access to care has risen by more than 20% in the past five years."
"The company has also been accused of failing to take action on the threat of cyber- attacks, which have been blamed on Russia."
"The first is that the government should be able to say what it wants to say, and what it wants to say is what it wants to say."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV has increased by more than half since the early 1980s."
"The government has also announced that it will increase the minimum wage to $ 10 by 2020, from $ 9. 50 by the end of the current year."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a strong leader who is going to stand up for the people of this country,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down more than 1 percent this year, and have fallen more than 10 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, to make sure that people understand that we're not going to be able to do it forever,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private investors and was working with the government to secure the necessary funding."
"\"I'm not going to say anything, I'm not going to say anything, I'm not going to say anything,\" he said."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The couple, who are married, have been married for more than a decade and have three children together."
"The company said it had already sold more than 1, 000 of the cars in the first half of this year."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was aware of the incident and that the U. S. was working with the authorities to investigate."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is going to be able to do what he's going to do,\" she said."
"\"It's a very important moment in the history of the United States and we're going to do everything we can to make sure that it doesn't happen again,\" he said."
"I think it's important that we have a strong, strong, strong voice in the White House to say that we are not going to let Donald Trump win."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect."
"\"I'm not saying that I'm not a good person, but I'm not saying that I'm not a good person,\" he said."
"The US- led coalition has been bombing the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria since mid- 2014."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been killed by police in the past year was down by more than 20 percent."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the future of the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying that we're going to win it, but we're going to win it,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president."
"The United States and Russia have been at odds over Syria since the Syrian civil war began in 2011."
"The United States, which has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, has also been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and Washington, D. C., and has been"
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 3 million payment from the state of Florida in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club, I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club,\" he said."
"I've been to the Olympics, and I've been to the World Cup, and I'm going to be there."
"The most important thing is to get the right balance of the two, and I think the balance is pretty good."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better,\" he said, \"and to get a better understanding of each other."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are going to be in charge of it are the people who are going to be in charge of it,\" he said."
"The government is also working with the private sector to ensure that the new contract is fair to all workers, regardless of their age or gender."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we get the right people in the right positions,\" he said."
"The company has said that it will not be making any changes to its business model in the near future."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience on our website,\" and that it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure that customers are treated fairly."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really nervous about the first one,\" he said."
"The new study found that the average age of the participants was 29. 1 years, which is more than double the average for the general population."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the first quarter, and it expects to raise $ 2 billion in the second quarter."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to cut its workforce by half, and for its decision to cut its workforce by 40 percent."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 4 billion from investors in the past 12 months and was expecting to raise $ 3. 6 billion in the next three years."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 1. 4 billion in the fourth quarter, up from $ 1. 3 billion a year earlier."
"I think that's what we're going to have to do, and we're going to have to do it in a way that's not just a political statement."
"The couple's two children, a daughter and a son, were also taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to say that we are not going to have a very good relationship with Russia,\" he said."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost more than a third of its value since the beginning of 2015."
"The company said it had been working on a fix for the problem for some time and was working on a new solution."
"The new law, which was passed by the state Senate last month, will allow police to search for the phone without a warrant."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman on the board,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have a very good relationship, we're going to have a very good relationship, and I think we're going to have a very strong relationship,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent on Tuesday, and they have lost more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"It's a very good feeling to be able to say that I'm a good person,\" she said."
"The government has said the new rules will help reduce the number of people who are unable to work because of the high number of people with mental health conditions."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, but they are still up more than $ 2. 75."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect in January, will apply to all migrants arriving in the EU by boat from Greece."
"\"I'm not going to be the guy that's going to get a job, but I'm going to be the guy that's going to get the best deal,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new law on the EU, but that would be a mistake."
"The company said it had raised $ 4. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last three months and was confident it would be able to raise $ 5. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, because it's not just about the money,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people that you're dealing with,\" he said."
"I think it's a great way to get to know the people who are doing it, and it's a great way to get to know the people who are doing it in the real world."
"\"We're going to have a lot of work to do, but I think we're going to be a good team,\" he said."
"The government has said it will review the process to ensure it is fair and effective and that it is not a \"toxic \"approach."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors in 2015, with the majority from China."
"The former prime minister said he had been \"very clear \"about the need to \"keep the UK in the single market \"and said he would be \"very, very clear \"about the need to remain a member."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be a part of that."
"\"We are going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we say to the American people,\" he said."
"The government has said the plan would help tackle the problem of over- drinking, but critics have said it would not be enough."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from the police, and I thought I'd be able to get a lawyer."
"The company has said it will continue to work with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff."
"\"We're going to be working with the federal government to get the best possible deal,\" he said."
"I think it's a good idea to have a lot of people who are not necessarily going to be able to do that."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to hospital for treatment and is expected to survive, the police said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but it was not clear whether it would sign it."
"The company's shares were up more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it was closing in on a $ 1. 5 billion deal to buy the company."
"The company said it had already received a number of requests from customers in the United States and abroad, including from the United States Department of Justice."
"\"I'm not sure what's going to happen, but I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"I don't think that's a good thing, but I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country."
"The new study found that the proportion of people who reported having had sex in the past year fell from 14. 4 per cent in 2014 to 13. 8 per cent in 2015."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers in the next three years."
"The former secretary of state also said she would not be voting for Trump in November, but would be voting for Hillary Clinton in November."
"The first thing I want to say is that I am not a politician, I am a human being."
"The company has been in talks with the government for a year and a half, but has not yet been able to get a deal."
"The company's shares have lost about $ 1. 5 billion since the start of the year, and are down about 2 percent this year."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has risen to more than 100, 000, according to the World Health Organization."
"The United States has been the world's leading producer of advanced nuclear weapons, and the United States has long been a leading nuclear power."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the negotiations."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're a country that's been around for a long time,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 30. 60 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 7 percent."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a policy that says, \"We want to make sure that we don't have to pay for it,\" \"he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet its target of spending $ 1. 7 billion on defence by 2020."
"The most important thing is to be in the right place at the right time, and I'm very happy to be here."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from my dad, who said he was going to come and see me."
"The U. S. government has said it will not be able to provide assistance to the Syrian government in its fight against the Islamic State."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say I'm not going to be in the White House,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said on Friday that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the attack and that the U. S. was working with the Iraqi government to investigate."
"The government has said it will review the deal, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2017."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players, because they're not going to be able to play in the same way again,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, but they are still up more than 10 percent this year."
"The government has said it will not allow the use of the new powers to be used by the courts, and that it will not seek to block the changes."
"The government's plan to cut the number of EU migrants entering the UK from around one million to fewer than 200, 000 has been criticised by some MPs."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past three years and had raised $ 2. 5 billion from investors in the past three months."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the company, but it was not clear whether the new contract would include a new contract for the company."
"\"I think it's a great thing to do, and it's a great thing to do in the United States,\" Trump said."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 3 billion in the first quarter."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the UK remains a world leader in the digital economy \"and that it was committed to delivering \"the best possible service \"to customers."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for the club to get back to where we were at last year,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to improve the security of its facilities and said it had been working with the authorities to improve the security of its facilities."
"\"I don't think we have a good idea of what's going to happen,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to do that,\" he said, \"because it's a very important part of our lives."
"The company said it expects to add more than 1, 000 jobs over the next three years, and it expects to hire more than 1, 000 people in the next three years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had secured $ 1. 2 billion in loans."
"The former secretary of state, who has been critical of the Obama administration's handling of the Syrian crisis, said she would be willing to work with the president on a new strategy to fight terrorism."
"The first thing I did was to go out and see what was going on and I was like, I don't know."
"\"I don't know if I'll be able to do it, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide any new funding for the project until the new contract is completed."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer experience and to improve the way it deals with customers \"information."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure that you're not going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation"
"The first was the $ 1. 3 billion in federal funding that was promised in the 2008 election and is now in a $ 2. 5 billion hole."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, but I'm not sure it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being held in the town's police station."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a police station."
"The UK's new Prime Minister Theresa May has called for a \"hard Brexit \"to keep the UK in the EU."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, but they have risen more than 30 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we're going to have a new president,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything, but I'm going to tell you what I think,\" he said."
"I've been on the road for a while, but I've never been in a position where I've been able to do that."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for the values that we hold,\" he said."
"I think it's a very good thing that we're in this situation, because we can't just sit back and let it happen."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to register to vote."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a good president,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the only way to get a good deal is to have a good deal."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that we're going to do everything we can to make sure that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has been given to the private sector, which will be able to pay for it."
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in power are not the people who will change the world."
"The first thing you have to do is to understand that you are not going to be able to do it for a long time."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York, New York."
"The former secretary of state and first lady is expected to announce her presidential bid on Tuesday, the same day as the state's primary."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"It's a very important part of the game and we've had a lot of great games,\" he said."
"The first thing I would say is that we are not going to be able to get the job done in the next few weeks."
"\"I think the best thing for me is to be able to go out and play and do what I love,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a guy in the middle of the field who can't run."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a discussion about it, and I think it's a good idea to have a discussion about it,\" he said."
"I'm sure they'll be looking at it, but we're going to see what happens."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent this year, and are down about 1. 5 percent in the past year."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by about 30, 000 in the next three years."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year, and that it had been in talks with the government for more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government for years, but has yet to receive a response from the government."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and venture capital firms."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that the people who are going to be in charge of the country are going to be in charge of the country."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and to see what we can do together,\" he said."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 7 billion in funding from private investors, and that it had already raised $ 2. 8 billion in funding from investors."
"The company's shares are up more than 1 percent in the past week, but have fallen more than 6 percent in the past year."
"I don't think it's going to be a problem, but it's going to be a problem for me and my family."
"I'm sure he'll be very happy to have me as his manager, but I'm sure he'll be very disappointed."
"\"I think the best thing for me is to get back to playing golf and to get back to being a good player,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how I'm going to feel about it, but I'm not going to change anything,\" he said."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the people, and I think that's what we need to be doing,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea for a woman to be in the Oval Office,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I don't think we have a good enough plan to deal with the situation,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to be able to have a conversation about the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's going to be a very interesting year for the sport,\" he said of the Olympics."
"The UK has been the only EU country to offer a minimum wage of \u00a3 10. 50 an hour for workers over the age of 18."
"I think it's a great thing for the sport to be able to do that, and it's a great thing for the sport to have a lot of people involved."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in the past year is on the rise."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do that, but I'm sure I'll be able to do that."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a big deal,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Justice Department to determine how the case could be brought."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was looking to expand into other markets."
"The former secretary of state has said that she would be \"extremely surprised \"if Mr Trump were to win the White House."
"\"I think the people who are in the business are the ones who are going to be the ones who are going to be the most affected by this,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors in the last three months of 2015."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 3. 28, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be the next president of the United States."
"I don't know what the hell happened to him, but I know I'm going to have to do everything I can to get him back."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for women to get pregnant."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong team that can be a force in the league,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to a friend's house and I had a really hard time."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 6 million in the last three months of the year."
"The report said the government's strategy to reduce the number of people coming to the UK from the EU was to cut the number of people coming to the UK from the EU by more than half."
"\"I'm not going to go into details, but I'm going to say that we're going to have a very, very good relationship,\" she said."
"The company's shares are down more than 1 percent since the news broke, and have fallen more than 20 percent since the company's first quarter earnings report last week."
"The company's shares were down about 2 percent at $ 30. 22 in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not going to say what's going to happen, but I'm going to say what's going to happen,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a female head coach,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to give people the right to vote in the upcoming general election."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent this year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the future,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the government would be able to implement the deal."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, but critics have warned that this will mean that the wealthy will pay more in tax than the rest of us."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third in the past year, and it is now down more than a third from its peak of more than $ 50 a share in 2014."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 per cent at $ 1. 26 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 2, 000."
"The company's shares were down 1. 6 percent at $ 28. 70 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 9 billion in the first quarter."
"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for what's right."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors in the last two years and was confident of a successful launch."
"The new law, which was passed in May, will apply to anyone who has been convicted of a sex offence in the past five years."
"\"I don't think we can do it, but I think we can do it,\" he said, adding that the government would have to make a decision on whether to continue with the project."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than $ 1 billion in the past year."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government should be held to account for the actions of the people who elected it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great idea, and I think it's a great idea that we can have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The government is also planning to introduce new rules to tackle the issue, which will be published in the autumn."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, are expected to be rolled out to the rest of the UK by the end of the year."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people in the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new system for the service, which will be rolled out to the UK in the second half of 2016."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue and that it would provide a statement when it was ready."
"The U. S. has been a major supporter of Assad's regime, and has been involved in the fighting against rebels in the country."
"\"I think the most important thing is that the people who are in charge of the system are the people who are in charge of the system,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a replacement battery for the iPhone 7 and would be releasing a new battery in the first half of next year."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by almost 60, 000 since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"I think the best thing for me is to get back to playing football and get back to playing my game and not worry about the things that I'm going through."
"The first thing I did was to ask my husband to come to the house and I was very happy to do it."
"The first thing you do when you're in the middle of a conversation is to ask yourself: what do I want to be?"
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of what the future holds and what you can do to make it happen,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do in the next few months to get the best possible deal for the UK,\" he said."
"The government is also trying to get the UK to take in more refugees, but the numbers are so small that it is hard to know how many will be accepted."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital, and I had to go to the hospital because I was in a bad way."
"The government's decision to make the decision on the new contract comes as the government is preparing to announce a new contract for the next four years."
"\"We have a lot of people who are not in the business of running a business,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to improving the quality of our services \"and that it would continue to work with its customers \"to improve the service."
"The company said it had been working on a new system for the company's self- driving cars, and that it would be ready for the first test in 2017."
"The new rules are part of a wider package of measures to improve the safety of the public in the wake of the Paris attacks."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the deal, but it is unlikely to be the only option."
"The UK's first ever \"Brexit \"refugee- free zone has been established in Calais."
"The government's plan to introduce a new minimum wage in the city is the first step in a long- term plan to tackle poverty."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has increased by more than 20 percent since the virus first emerged in Brazil in late 2014."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in its core business, which includes its mobile and video services."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be able to get a job,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, led by a fund set up by the billionaire investor George W. Bush."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue and that it will continue to provide support to customers affected by the issue."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed in the war has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has increased by more than 20 percent since the start of the year."
"The company said it had raised its full- year profit forecast for the first quarter to $ 2. 2 billion, from $ 1. 5 billion a year earlier."
"\"I think we have to be very careful with the way we use the word \"sexual \"and \"gender \"in the context of this debate,\" he said."
"The man who was shot in the head was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, police said."
"The UK government has said it is considering a new law to make it easier for companies to sell to overseas buyers."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a new president,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible care is provided to our employees and customers,\" and that it would continue to provide \"professional and value- based \"work."
"The company said it would continue to invest in the U. S. market, and that it would continue to invest in China, which is the world's second- largest market for the company."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good team in the playoffs,\" he said."
"The first was to say that the UK would be better off if it left the EU and that the UK would have to pay a higher tax rate."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are here,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to review the case and would provide a statement when it was ready."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was confident it would be able to secure a deal."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 30. 28 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do anything about it,\" she said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital."
"The first was the case of a woman who was raped by her husband, who was a member of the Islamic State."
"\"I'm not going to say what I think, but I'm not going to say what I think about the situation in Syria,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it had been working with the police to ensure the safety of the public."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and is down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The government has been criticised for its failure to tackle the issue of child sex abuse in the Catholic Church."
"The two men were arrested at the scene, but the police did not release the name of the two men, who were not identified."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it is to be in the top 10, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had already received a number of complaints from customers who had been told they could not use the service."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a perfect storm but it's a good storm,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government, which is expected to make a decision in the coming weeks."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks, but are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks, but are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks."
"The first thing you have to do is to get the right balance of the two and then you can make the decision."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 4 billion in Series B funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in Series C funding from investors."
"The government has also said that it will not allow the government to make any changes to the law until the Supreme Court rules on the case."
"The United States and its allies have been bombing Islamic State in Syria and Iraq since 2014, but the group has not been able to win a war in the country."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone else, but the council has said it will not allow the sale to be made public."
"I think the best thing for me is to be able to say I've got a good team and I've got a good team, and I've got a good team."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your name out there and to get your name in the media."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, and that it was looking to raise $ 5 billion in the next three years."
"I think it's a very important thing to do, to have a conversation with your family and friends about what's going on."
"The two- year- old girl was found dead in a house on the same street, with her body found on the floor."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for the game, but I'm not sure what the future holds for the players,\" he said."
"I think the biggest thing for me is that I'm not going to be a guy who's going to sit in the corner and watch the game."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and that it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and that it was committed to delivering the best possible service to customers and that"
"\"I think we've got a good group of players and we're going to have a good group of guys,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get to this point, but we're going to do it,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to make sure that we don't have to go through this again,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to work together to defeat the Islamic State group in Syria, a senior US official said on Tuesday."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new contract, which will be paid for by the state."
"The first thing I did was to go to the airport and get a taxi, but I didn't have a taxi."
"The first thing I did was to go to a friend's house and get her a drink."
"The U. S. has been on a bombing mission in Libya since 2011, but the U. S. has not been able to get a cease- fire in place."
"The government has also said it will introduce a new system for the transfer of asylum seekers to countries where they have been granted asylum."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the possibility of a new contract for the next three years."
"The US and its allies have been bombing Islamic State in Syria since 2014, and have been accused of war crimes by the UN."
"The company's stock has risen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is expected to fall further in the coming months."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do, but I'm going to be a good leader,\" he said."
"The company's shares were up more than 6 percent at $ 38. 46 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut 1, 500 jobs in the United States."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The first thing I did was to go out and see if I could get a job, and I was really happy."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the United States and for the world,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen to more than a million, according to UN figures."
"The report said that the UK was the only country in the EU that had a higher rate of deaths from cancer than the rest of the EU."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other incidents \"in the area, which is about a mile from the airport."
"The government's plan to cut the number of children in care will be the first step in a process that will take years."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law in the coming weeks that will give it more power to impose fines."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new contract on the company, which is owned by the same family."
"I think it's important to remember that we are a country of immigrants, and we have a lot of them."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to know that we're not going to be the same,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from the U. S. government."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from my manager saying I was going to be out of the team."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the president- elect is going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he was doing, but I think he was trying to get a better look at me,\" she said."
"The company said it had also received a number of complaints from customers about the service, which is not available in many parts of the country."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it was \"fully committed \"to the company's growth strategy."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"\"I'm not sure how many people have been affected by this, but I think it's a very serious issue,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say what the outcome is going to be, but I'm going to say what I think is the best outcome,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 10, 000 since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" he said."
"The company has also said it plans to invest $ 1 billion in the U. S. and $ 500 million in Mexico."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who's not afraid to speak his mind,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" she said."
"The only thing I can think of is that I'm going to be in the hospital for a while and I'm going to have to get up and go to the hospital."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in custody."
"The most important thing is to get the right balance of power in the right place, and that's what we're going to do."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that I have any particular interest in the subject matter,\" he said."
"The first was the $ 2. 5 billion project to build a new train line from the city to the airport."
"The new law, which was signed into law on Friday, was introduced by the government in a bid to tackle the problem of illegal immigrants."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Attorney's Office in the Southern District of New York."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about the next president,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell by more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 10 percent in after- hours trading."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and ask him to check on me."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government about a possible sale of the aircraft, but has not yet been granted permission to do so."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to do everything I can to help the team win,\" he said, \"and I'm going to do everything I can to help the team win."
"The company said it had been working on a new strategy for the future, and it was looking to expand into new markets."
"The company said it expects to have a net loss of $ 1. 5 million for the year, down from $ 2. 5 million a year ago."
"The new rules will apply to all new or existing members of the club, regardless of whether they have joined since the start of the year."
"The company said it expects to add about 1, 000 jobs in the first half of 2016, up from 1, 500 in the first half of 2015."
"The US- led coalition has been bombing the Islamic State in Syria since 2014, and has been carrying out airstrikes against the group in Iraq and Syria since 2014."
"The most recent figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has fallen from a peak of more than 100, 000 in 1995."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of the NHS are doing something about it,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but has yet to receive a formal offer."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent in the past year, but they are still up more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the outcome."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman on the bench,\" she said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 60 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 percent."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and have fallen as much as 15 percent in the past year."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to cut its workforce by half, citing a lack of talent."
"The U. S. has been in the race to build a wall along the Mexican border since the start of the Obama administration."
"The former secretary of state, who has said she will not run for president, is expected to face a tough fight in the state."
"The company said it expects to have a net loss of $ 1. 8 billion for the fiscal year ending in March 2016."
"The UK is one of the few countries in the world that does not recognise same- sex marriage, but there is a strong case to be made for the Government to do so."
"The company has also been criticised for not doing enough to improve its customer service and customer service record- keeping."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people that are going to be in the White House are going to be in the White House,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and was expected to raise $ 2. 4 billion in the next two years."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 35. 30 on Thursday, and were up 2. 3 percent at $ 34. 30."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than a third in the past year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a good idea, but I'm not going to say it's a bad idea,\" he said."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a full accounting of the sale, but said it was \"confident \"it would be completed by the end of the year."
"The government has said it will not be able to do so, but the opposition has said it will not be able to do so."
"The U. S. has been the world's leading producer of nuclear fuel since the 1970s, and it accounts for more than half of the world's electricity."
"The government has said it is not interested in the case, and has said it will not pursue it."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and that it was not responsible for any damage to the aircraft."
"The company said it had been working on a new strategy for the company, which will focus on its core business, and that it would continue to invest in its core business."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to be a member of the European Union,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the United States, and I think it's a very important issue for the world,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the outcome is going to be, but I'm sure we'll be in a position to make a decision,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI to investigate the incident and was working with the Department of Justice to investigate the incident."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"The U. S. has been the world's largest oil producer for more than a decade, but it has been struggling with low oil prices."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government to sell its stake in the company, but the deal fell through."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm looking forward to getting back to playing football again."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in donations from the public in the first quarter of this year."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Wednesday morning and charged with two counts of attempted murder and one count of attempted murder of a police officer."
"\"We have to do a better job of making sure that the people who are in charge of the NHS are able to deliver the best possible care,\" he said."
"The company said it had also been working on a new product that would allow people to track their weight and how much they eat."
"\"I don't think that's a good thing,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"more open \"approach to the issue."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to be detained without charge if they have a mental health condition."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience \"on the internet."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about the future of the game is the future of the game."
"The group said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision, which it said was not a \"fair \"approach."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 per cent at $ 18. 25 on Thursday, and were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 16. 25 in London."
"The fact that the two men are still alive is a sign that the two men are still alive, but the fact that they are still alive is not."
"The man, who has not been named, is said to have been in a relationship with the woman for the past two years."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to have a conversation about the future of the game,\" he said."
"I've got a lot of respect for the people of the state of New York and I'm proud of the fact that I've got a lot of respect for them."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do it forever,\" he said."
"\"I think the way he's playing, I think he's playing better than he's ever played before,\" he said."
"\"We are going to have to make sure that we are not going to have to go through this again,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol, which will be introduced on 1 April."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be back,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion from investors in the last two years and was in talks with investors to raise $ 2 billion."
"The couple's relationship has been a source of controversy in the past, with the couple reportedly having a falling out over the fact that they were married for just over a year."
"The new law, which was approved by the state Senate on Tuesday, will allow the state to continue to fund the program until the end of the current fiscal year."
"I think the best thing for me is to get back to my normal life and to be able to enjoy my life again."
"\"It's a very important thing to do and I'm sure it's something I will be doing again,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The UK's economy is growing at a faster rate than the rest of the world, with the UK's GDP growing at a faster rate than the rest of the world."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for companies to set up in the UK."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion in a Series B round from investors."
"I think the most important thing is to be able to do it and I think that's what I'm going to do."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm excited about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to be able to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's anything wrong with that,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the new rules would apply to him."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years, and that it was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The United States has been accused of war crimes in the war in Yemen, but the Obama administration has denied any responsibility."
"\"I think the best thing for me is to get back to work and play football and try to get back to what I want to be doing,\" he said."
"\"I think the only way to make sure that the people who are in charge of the country are not in charge of the people is to make sure that the people who are in charge of the country are not in charge of the country,\""
"The company said it would also be making changes to its software, including a new feature that would allow users to change the color of their phone."
"\"I think the best thing we can do is to make sure that we're not just talking about the money,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to bring the project to life."
"The two sides have been in talks for more than a year and the talks have been going on for months, but the talks are not finished."
"The government has also said it will review the law to ensure it is fair and effective, and to ensure that it is not abused by the private sector."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI's investigation of Clinton's use of a private email server was politically motivated."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering a clean, reliable and affordable energy system that meets the needs of our customers and businesses."
"The United States has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, attacks on New York and New Jersey, killing more than 130 people."
"The couple's first child, a son, was born on September 15, 2015, and they have two children together: a daughter, Charlotte, and son, Dylan."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a great president,\" Trump said in a speech in New York."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they're not alone,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and charged with the offence."
"I think it's important to have a sense of perspective, and that's what I've been doing."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I'm sorry that I couldn't do this for you."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation with the president- elect about what he's going to do,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is not the only country that has a problem with climate change,\" he said."
"The first is that the government has a duty to ensure that the public is informed of the progress of the inquiry and that the inquiry is independent."
"I'm not sure if it's the same for the other guys, but I think it's a good thing."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and said I'd like to go to the hospital."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from private equity firms."
"The company said it would also add a new feature to its app that will let users search for a specific car in the city."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come over and talk to me."
"The most important thing is to get the right balance of the game and to be able to play the right way."
"The new rules will apply to all of the country's 10 largest cities, which will be subject to the new rules."
"\"I don't know what it is, but I'm going to go to the doctor and see what I can do,\" he said."
"The first is that the government has not yet made a decision on whether to allow the UK to leave the European Union."
"I think it's a great way to get to know the people who are involved, and to learn about the people who are involved in the industry."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, but it had not yet received a formal offer."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a job."
"The two- year- old was found dead on Monday, and police are appealing for anyone who may have seen the boy or heard anything about his death to come forward."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he could help me."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a discussion about it,\" he said."
"The new rules, which are expected to be announced by the end of this month, will apply to all new businesses and businesses that have been established in the UK for at least 12 months."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it again, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it again,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than half since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent since the start of the year."
"The company said it would cut its workforce by 2, 000 in the next three years, and cut its workforce by 1, 000 in the next five years."
"The former secretary of state, who is also a former presidential candidate, has said she would not be voting for Trump."
"The company said it expects to report earnings of $ 1. 6 billion for the current quarter, down from $ 1. 7 billion a year earlier."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Saturday morning, and are being held on suspicion of murder."
"The government has also said it is looking at ways to help people who have been displaced by the conflict in Syria."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The government's announcement of the new rules comes after the European Commission announced that it would review the rules in the coming months."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in debt."
"The fact that we have a new president, and that we have a new Congress, and that we have a new president who has a new agenda, and that we have a new Congress, is a good thing."
"I've been in the business for over 20 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a team that can do that, and that's what we're going to do."
"\"We are going to be doing a lot of things in the next couple of years to make sure that we have a good future,\" he said."
"The UK's economy is growing at a faster rate than any other part of the world, and the UK is a leading global market for goods and services."
"The company has said it will continue to work with the government to improve the safety of its products, but it is unclear what the government will do."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child with a disability,\" she said."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries and has been released from the hospital."
"The only way to get to the bottom of this is to look at the facts and see if there is any truth to the allegations."
"The new law will allow the government to set a minimum age for the process, which will be up to the local authority."
"\"I don't know if I'll ever be able to get over the fear of what's going to happen,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for over 20 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I think we have a lot of work to do to make sure that we're not going to be in a position where we're going to be in a position where we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"The government has said it wants to keep the UK in the single market, but that would require a vote in the Commons."
"The company has been under pressure from shareholders to cut costs and cut costs, but the company has been under pressure from shareholders to cut costs and cut costs, but the company has been under pressure from shareholders to cut costs and cut costs, but"
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"\"I think the best way to do it is to make sure that people are aware of what's going on,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a \"safe \"for children in Calais, and that it will not be able to provide a \"safe \"for children in Britain."
"\"I think we're all going to be better off if we just get on with it,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for 25 years and I've never seen anything like this, so I'm really excited."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"The group has also said it will not be able to provide the government with any information on the number of people who have died."
"\"I think it's a very good idea, and I think it's a good idea for the United States to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed by police in the last year has risen by more than a third."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and tell him that I was going to have a heart attack."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the same boat as the other countries,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place and that the company can continue to operate."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next five years."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30 on Thursday after the announcement."
"The company said it had also received a letter from the Department of Health and the Department of Education, which said it was \"not aware of any other cases \"of children being taken into care."
"The company has been under pressure since the UK voted to leave the EU in June to push for a deal on the UK's membership of the single market."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it's going to be a good one,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a \"very large number of calls \"from customers who had been affected by the breach."
"The first thing I did was to get a new phone and I was like, \"I don't know what's going on."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said in an interview."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past three years, but that it was not ready to launch."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are protected \"from cyber attacks, and that it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are protected \"from cyber attacks."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to improve its software and to make its products more reliable, but it has struggled to keep up with demand."
"I think that's a good thing because it's a good thing for the club and the players to be able to play at the highest level."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and I was told that I had to leave the house."
"The new rules will be announced in the coming weeks, but the latest update is expected to be in the pipeline for the next few weeks."
"The United States has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, and has been involved in a series of high- profile attacks in the past year."
"\"I think the most important thing for me is to be able to play the game and be able to be in the team,\" he said."
"I think it's important that we have a clear picture of what's going on in the country and what's going on in the world."
"The company said it had already paid out $ 1. 5 billion in back taxes in the United States and Canada."
"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of this country are in charge of this country."
"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with and how we can improve the lives of our children."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than 20 percent since 2011."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to pay for a new health service, which would require a vote in parliament."
"The United States and Russia are working to reach a deal on a cease- fire in Syria, the White House said."
