"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you're not going to get caught up in the second part of the process."
"\"It is a very important moment for the club and we are looking forward to it,\" he said."
"The company has been under scrutiny in the US, where it has been fined $ 2. 5 million and ordered to pay $ 15 million in fines."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to register to vote."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have that kind of debate,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the U. S. Supreme Court rules in favor of the company."
"The government is also expected to make a decision on the future of the nuclear power station in the coming months."
"It's a great way to get out of the house, and I think it's a great way to get out of the house for my kids."
"\"I don't think we have a problem with the way the game is played,\" he said."
"The first thing I do is to get the ball in my hands and make sure I'm on the right side."
"\"I think that's what we're going to be seeing in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a good conversation with them,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a discussion about the future."
"He said: \"We are in a position where we have to be very careful about what we say and how we say it."
"The fact is that the people who are making decisions for us are the people who are making decisions for the people who are living in our country."
"\"I'm not sure how much of it is going to be the same as last year,\" he said."
"\"I think that's the best thing that can happen for the United States and for the world,\" he said."
"The first was a $ 10 million loan from the state of New York to build a new school in Brooklyn."
"\"I have no doubt that the people of this country will be watching closely,\" he said in a statement."
"The first was a two- hour meeting with the president- elect, in which he asked the leaders of the world's largest economies to help him get his agenda through."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that the government can come up with a better solution,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold about 1. 6 million shares in the company's stock, and about 2. 5 million in its cash."
"\"I have to admit, I don't really like the idea of having a woman in the Oval Office,\" she said."
"The company has been criticised for its handling of the case, which was seen as a major blow to the family."
"The decision to leave the EU is a decision for the UK to make, but it is also a decision for the EU to make for the rest of the world."
"The former secretary of state is the first woman to hold the position and the first woman to win the White House in a major- party primary."
"The report said that the number of people who had been detained had increased by more than a third since the start of the year."
"The club has had a lot of success in the past and I'm sure it will continue to do so."
"The team will be back in action on Wednesday, when they travel to the University of Texas at Austin for the first- ever women's college football game."
"\"We have been in touch with the police and we are working with them to get this matter under control,\" the spokesman said."
"The company said it had been \"actively investigating \"the allegations and that it had not been informed of the allegations."
"I think it's important that we don't forget that we're not alone in this."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible customer experience \"and that it was committed to continuing to improve its customer experience."
"I'm not sure how much of it is a result of the fact that I'm a woman and I've had a lot of men say to me that I'm a woman."
"I'm not sure how I'm going to do it, but I'm going to try to get a good result."
"\"I'm not sure I can do that, but I'm sure I can do a lot of things,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible service \"and that it was working with the government to ensure it was \"committed to ensuring that customers have the best possible service \"and that it was"
"But I don't think it's going to be easy for him to win the nomination, and I don't think he'll get it."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year and are down more than 30 percent in the past year."
"The FBI is investigating the death of a police officer in a New York City neighborhood, and the city's mayor has called for an independent investigation."
"But the reality is that it is not enough to just say: \"This is what we want."
"I think it's a good way to start the season and I think it's a good way to start the season with a win and a draw."
"\"We are very confident that the government will be able to provide the necessary support to ensure that the new arrangements for the transition to the new arrangements are in place,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful, because we are not going to have a one- way street,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the sport to have a strong female voice,\" she said."
"The BBC understands the new contract will see the BBC pay \u00a3 3. 5 million per year in annual fees to staff."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion from investors in the first quarter of this year, and that it had raised $ 2. 8 billion in the same period last year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in July."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the value of property sold in the city centre, which will be paid by the end of the year."
"\"I'm not sure how much of that is due to the fact that I'm not playing at the moment,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're a very small country and we're not going to be the world's biggest country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of deaths due to cancer by more than 20, 000 a year."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of \"soft \"tax on the wealthy, but it has yet to come up with a clear plan."
"The government's proposal to cut the number of days in which people can take part in sport by one hour is the latest in a string of measures to cut the number of hours players are allowed to play."
"The government has said it will not introduce a new law that would allow for the removal of the ban, which has been in place since the 1990s."
"It's a shame that the government has decided to go ahead with the controversial plans, but I don't think it is a good idea."
"The first thing I do when I'm in the room is I look at my phone and I just say, \"What's going on?\"and I'm like, \"I don't know."
"The team is still in the early stages of planning its next steps, but it is clear that the team is on the right track."
"It's not a bad idea to have a family, but it's not a good idea to have a family that's not a good family."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the lack of affordable housing for the homeless and vulnerable."
"The company has been under pressure from investors to cut costs and improve its operating structure, which has seen the company's business grow by more than 30 percent in the last year."
"It's not the first time that the UK has been hit with a terror attack in the last year."
"The company's shares fell more than 8 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by 20 percent."
"The former secretary of state is also expected to make a speech in the coming days in which he will call for a ban on Muslims entering the U. S."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The U. S. is the world's largest oil producer, but it is also the world's second- largest producer after Russia."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better and to get to know each other better,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the abuse of children by its own staff, and for failing to ensure that children are treated with the respect and care they deserve."
"\"I think the more we can do, the better,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of the fact that he won the contest."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"vote in the referendum on Britain's membership of the EU."
"The two- day event will be held in the city's historic district, which was once home to the city's first Catholic school."
"I'm not saying that the UK will be able to do that, but it's a good start."
"The report also found that the number of people living in poverty in the UK has fallen by more than 50% since 2010."
"\"I've been on the phone with a number of people who have been in touch with me,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to be in the right place at the right time and that's what we're trying to do."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people who have done this, and I'm not going to sit here and say we didn't do it,\" he said."
"The study also found that women who were more active in the week before the study were more likely to have a heart attack."
"It's a great opportunity for us to try to get some momentum going and see what we can do."
"He said: \"We have been told that the UK will be leaving the EU in the event of a Brexit."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the culture, it's about how people are treated in the community,\" she said."
"The president- elect's transition team has said that the president- elect would be chosen by the people of the United States."
"I've got a lot of friends who are very good at it, but I don't know how to get them to do it."
"I don't know what the hell happened to her, but I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie."
"\"It's a very good thing that the U. S. has a strong relationship with China,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder, but the prosecution has said they were not involved in the murder."
"The president- elect's transition team said in a statement that the president- elect has been \"extremely open about his love for the American people and their government."
"The first thing I do when I get to the airport is go to the airport and check in with my family."
"The US has been criticised for its treatment of the prisoners, who are held in the country's most notorious prison."
"\"I think that the first thing that we should do is to make sure that we have a good team,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a good thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The United States and its allies have been bombing the Islamic State group since the group seized large parts of northern and western Iraq in 2014."
"The company said it had lost $ 2. 6 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year, compared to $ 2. 4 billion in the same period a year ago."
"The prime minister is expected to announce a new strategy for Britain's relationship with the EU after the referendum on June 23."
"\"I've got a lot of friends who have been here for a long time and I've got a lot of friends who have been here for a long time, and I've got to be honest with you, I don't know what"
"\"I'm not sure what the future will hold, but I'm sure that we'll have a very good relationship,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to get into the details of what happened, but I think it was a very, very serious incident,\" he said."
"He said he had no idea what was going on and said he had no idea why the man was there, but he had no idea why he had been there."
"The first was a small- scale experiment that was conducted in the 1960s in the hope of finding a way to make it work."
"The last time we had a chance to go out and win was in the semi- final of the Champions League in the summer of 2012."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life threatening injuries, and is expected to survive."
"I don't know how he got the job, but I think he was a good guy and he did a good job."
"\"I think it's important to get the right balance of power between the two,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for me to be able to help the team win games and get a win."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work, the quality of the people who work there."
"The company said the results were good, but it was still \"not convinced \"that the company was ready to invest in the new plants."
"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it, but it's not the way to do it."
"The government's plan to raise the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 by 2020- which is the same as the current \u00a3 7- by- the- year- end of this Parliament- is being challenged by the unions."
"\"I don't think it's going to happen, but I'm not going to sit here and say it's going to happen,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a conversation with people about the things that are going on,\" she said."
"The U. S. and Russia have been working together on a plan to defeat Islamic State militants in Syria, according to a senior U. S. official."
"The other day, I was in my office and I saw a picture of my daughter and I thought, this is the best thing I've ever seen."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law in 2017 that will make it easier for people to get a passport."
"The new study also found that women who have had a child of their own have a higher risk of dying from heart disease, stroke and cancer."
"The best way to do this is to make sure that you're not doing anything that will make your life better."
"\"It's a very, very tough game, and I think we've got to be very careful with it,\" he said."
"I think the reason why I don't think that's the case is because I think that the way we're going to be dealing with it is going to be a lot more difficult than it was before."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, their biggest drop in more than a year."
"The first thing I do is ask myself if I want to be in the top 10 or top 10 in the world."
"I was the only one in the group who was not going to play, so I was just going to get the job done."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 30 percent since the start of the year, and its shares are down more than 10 percent since the start of last year."
"The Scottish government is also expected to announce a new \u00a3 1 billion fund to help people with mental health issues."
"The number of people who have been arrested for offences such as robbery, assault and assault with a dangerous weapon has fallen by more than a third since 2011."
"The former secretary of state has said she will not be seeking the presidency, but she will remain in the race."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, and will be implemented in the first half of 2017."
"\"It's a great feeling to be back in the team and it's a great feeling to be back in the team and I'm happy to be here,\" he said."
"I've been to the Olympics twice, and I've never seen anything like this."
"The most important thing is to keep your head down and not let the world get in the way of you."
"The government has said it is committed to the deal, which will see the UK leave the European Union and remain in the single market."
"The first thing you have to do is to get out of the car and get out of the way of the other driver."
"The man who was shot was a man of about 30 years old, and was shot in the head, police said."
"The prime minister said the UK would be \"a strong and independent country \"if it were to leave the EU."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing, because I don't think it's a good thing."
"The problem is that the government is not doing anything to stop this from happening, so we need to take action."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we have to make a decision,\" he said, \"and I'm going to make a decision."
"\"I think it's a good idea to get a little bit of the kids involved in the game,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 3 percent to $ 28. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Friday morning and charged with possession of a weapon."
"\"I think it's important to make sure that we're not just going to be a little bit more aggressive in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"It is a big step forward but we have to be very careful about what we say and what we say to our fans."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a woman president,\" Trump said at a rally in Iowa."
"The U. S. has been in a war with Russia since the early 1990s, when the two nations fought each other for control of the eastern part of the country."
"\"I think it's going to be a very difficult game, and we have to make sure that we don't let that happen again,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state is expected to make a speech in Philadelphia later this week that will focus on her economic policies."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a guy who's been in the NFL for a long time,\" he said."
"I think it's a great opportunity for the club to get back to where we were before the injury."
"The government's new strategy, published on Tuesday, calls for a new approach to the problem of poverty in India, which has been under the radar for decades."
"The club have said they will be looking to add more to their squad in the coming weeks, but the club have not been able to agree a deal."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than $ 1 billion in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that for a while,\" he said in an interview with the BBC."
"The company said it had sold more than 1. 5 million units in the first half of the year, up from 1. 3 million in the same period last year."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to say that you have a lot of respect for the people that are here,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to get the ball in the right position and I think that's what we've been doing."
"The results of the poll showed that the majority of voters in the region supported the idea of a referendum on the UK's EU membership."
"The company said it would take steps to improve its customer experience and reduce costs, but it was unclear how much of the change would be made in the next few months."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to get a job, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a job."
"He said he was \"very disappointed \"by the decision and said he was \"hopeful \"it would be implemented."
"The US has been accused of targeting civilians in its war against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria, but the Pentagon has denied that it has carried out such strikes."
"\"We have to be very careful in what we do, because we're not going to be able to keep the money,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The new poll shows Clinton with a large lead over Trump among likely voters, with 48 percent to Trump's 42 percent."
"It's a good thing that we're going to have a couple of guys that can play at the next level."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a strong team in place,\" he said."
"The report found that the average number of days a woman has been pregnant has fallen by more than a third since the 1990s."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation, which is expected to take months."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 10 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than 20 percent of its value since the company's initial public offering in 2013."
"I'm not sure how much I'll be able to get out of it, but I'm going to be really happy with the result."
"The former secretary of state also said she was \"very confident \"that the United States could win the next election."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol to help fund the NHS."
"I have been in the business for 10 years and I have never seen anything like this in my life."
"The company's shares rose as much as 5 percent in after- hours trading after the announcement."
"The country's economy grew at a 3. 1 percent annual rate in the first quarter, the country's highest since the 1990s, and has been growing at a 2. 1 percent rate for the past five years."
"The first thing I did was I went to the local shop and bought a new pair of shoes."
"It's a shame that the people who made the decision to go to the polls in the first place are now being told that they should vote for the SNP."
"The company's shares have lost about a third of their value since the election, and have fallen more than 50 percent since the election."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be in place for the first time in a decade."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife, but she was not there."
"He said the company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election, and that the company is now in a \"very difficult position \"to raise money."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against the Islamic State group, but has not been able to stop the extremist group's advance."
"The company's shares were down more than 3 percent at $ 23. 32 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 2. 21."
"The family of a man who was killed in a crash in Melbourne's south- west have called for a public inquiry into the crash."
"\"I'm not sure I've ever felt so alone in my life,\" she said, adding that she's never felt alone in her life."
"It's not that I don't like the way he plays, it's just that I don't like how he plays."
"The company has been under scrutiny since it was revealed that it was planning to cut its workforce by more than a third."
"The former England international was signed for \u00a3 40 million in July 2014 and has scored just four goals in 15 games this season."
"The first two years of his life he spent in prison for the murder of a young woman and her boyfriend."
"The first thing we need to do is to get the right people in place to make sure that we're getting the right people to play the game."
"The government has said it will make the changes, but has not yet said what the changes will be."
"He's got a lot of work to do, and we're going to do it with him."
"The company said it would also be paying a $ 2. 5 billion fine, and that it would be paying $ 1. 4 billion in fines."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not just going to be the same country,\" he said."
"\"I think we've got to be a little bit more careful with the way we approach the game,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was look at the last couple of games and see what we've done."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a police station."
"The incident happened on the same day as the first anniversary of the 9 / 11 attacks on the World Trade Center."
"It's a great opportunity to see the world and to be part of a team that's going to be a great challenge for the next four years."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI has opened an internal investigation into the Clinton Foundation, which was established by Bill Clinton to help him raise money for the foundation."
"The new rules will apply to all public sector workers and will be introduced in the first half of 2017."
"The government has already announced a crackdown on the practice, with some 30, 000 people being detained since the start of the year."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I felt like I was in control of my body,\" she said."
"The first two weeks of the new year, the first two weeks of the new year, I'm not going to be happy."
"I think that's the best way to describe it, but it's a very important thing to do."
"The report also found that the number of people living in poverty in England and Wales has fallen from a peak of more than 40, 000 in 2003 to less than 20, 000 in 2014."
"I don't want to say too much about the players, but I have to say that I am very happy with the team."
"The government has said it wants to raise the minimum wage to \u00a3 15 by 2020, but the minimum wage has been frozen at \u00a3 9. 50 since 2012."
"\"We're not going to let this happen again,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the U. S. Supreme Court rules in his favor."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 1. 3 billion for the current quarter and $ 1. 4 billion for the current quarter, which is expected to be the company's first full year of profit growth."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is now in custody."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in the first half of this year, compared with $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of workers in the UK from 1, 000 to around 300."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the abuse of power, and it is likely to be repeated in the future."
"\"I think that's the only way to go about it,\" he said, adding that he had not seen any evidence of a connection between the two incidents."
"It's a very difficult situation, but I'm happy that I'm able to play and I'm happy to be playing for the club."
"The new guidelines, which are due to be published in the autumn, are the latest in a series of changes to the way in which the NHS is run."
"The government's decision to give the green light to the project came after a consultation period that saw the project's construction begin in December."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the people of Flint,\" he said."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say it was a bad night for me, but I think we were a little bit better than we should have been."
"\"It's a good way to get the ball in the air and make a play,\" he said."
"\"It's a good thing to have a good team, a good team that can get you through the week,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying that I'm going to go away, but I'm going to be very careful about what I say,\" he said."
"\"It's a shame, because I didn't think I would be able to play in the first place,\" he said."
"The U. S. and its allies have been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for more than a year."
"It's not just the fact that we're not in the Champions League that's a problem."
"I think it's a good thing that we've got a lot of young players coming in and I think it's a good thing that we've got a lot of young players coming in and I think it's a good thing for the club"
"The idea of a woman being the leader of the free world is a very dangerous idea, and it's not going to be the case."
"The report said that the government had failed to take action to prevent the deaths of children in the care of the police and the military."
"The former secretary of state, who has been on a roll, has been a key supporter of the president- elect."
"The report said that the UK had a \"significant \"capacity to help in the fight against the virus."
"\"I don't think there's a better way to get the message out,\" he said."
"The city's mayor said the city had to do more to help the homeless and that the city had to be more aggressive in its response."
"The government has said it will make the decision by the end of the year, but it will not be easy."
"The only way to make sure that we're not going to have a situation like this in the future is to make sure we're not going to have a situation like this in the future."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and that it was working on a new design."
"\"I don't think we're going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was confident that the U. S. would be able to do it."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 2. 8 billion for the quarter, compared to $ 2. 6 billion for the same period last year."
"He said: \"We are not going to be able to do it if we don't have the support of the Scottish Government."
"The first thing we did was to try and get the ball into the box and then we had a couple of chances to get it into the box."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for me to be able to do that,\" he said."
"It's the same thing with the rest of the country, so it's not just a matter of people coming here."
"\"I've been on the road for a while, I've been training and I've been working out,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell by more than 50 percent in after- hours trading after the news, and were down more than 10 percent in the past 12 months."
"The company's shares were down more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 3 percent in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it will take action to address the issue, but has yet to release any figures."
"The researchers said the findings could help identify the causes of the condition and provide treatment options for those who develop it."
"\"I don't want to say too much about the situation, but I'm sure that the situation will be different,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm going to go out there and do what I have to do,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has said that the UK will remain in the EU and that the UK will not be a member of the bloc."
"But it's not just about the money, it's about the people who are working in the fields that we're going to be working in."
"But the government has also made clear that it is not enough for the country's economy to be in balance."
"I was in the same position, and I had to get out of there, and I'm not going to lie, it was a great experience."
"The fact that the party has not yet nominated a candidate for the leadership is a sign of the times that the party is not ready to change."
"The first thing we have to do is to make sure that we have the right people in place and that we have the right people in place to make sure that we have the right policies."
"The police said that the man was taken to hospital and that he was in a stable condition, but did not give further details."
"The company has been in talks with the government to create a new tax system for the UK, but has yet to receive a response from the government."
"But the fact that I'm still in the game, and I'm still playing well, I'm happy to be here."
"But if you're looking for a new home, you're likely to have to pay more than $ 1 million for a one- bedroom unit."
"\"I've been in the business for over 20 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion from investors in 2014 and 2015, and that it had $ 1. 7 billion in cash on hand."
"\"I have a lot of respect for him, and I have a lot of respect for the people of New York,\" Trump said."
"The U. S. has been under pressure from the European Union to increase its presence in Libya to help fight the Islamic State group."
"The company has also said that it has been working on a new product for the iPhone, and that it will be ready for the new model by the end of the year."
"The report, which was commissioned by the Treasury in 2013, was commissioned by the Treasury to assess how much money the government should spend on the NHS."
"The couple have been married for eight years, and they have two children together, a son, Ben, and a daughter, Charlotte."
"The court heard that the man had been in the car for about a half hour when he was stopped by a police officer."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 30 percent in the past year."
"I think it's going to be a tough game, but we'll see how it goes."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the culture, the way we treat each other, and the way we treat our children."
"I think that's why I'm here, because I'm here to tell you what I think about the future."
"\"I think that's a good thing, because it's not like we're going to have a really good relationship with the other side,\" he said."
"It's not a question of whether I'm going to be a good or a bad player, it's a question of how I'm going to play."
"I don't know if it's because I'm a woman or if it's because I'm a man."
"\"I think it's important that we have an open dialogue with the government,\" he said, adding that the government would continue to work with the union."
"The company's shares fell 1. 8 percent to $ 19. 40 on Thursday, their lowest price in more than two years."
"The couple, who have two children, have been married for five years and have two sons, aged eight and nine."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The only thing I can think of is that I was trying to get to the end of the road and I was trying to get to the end of the road and I was trying to get to the end of the road and I was trying"
"\"We have to be able to make sure that the people who are in charge of the system are able to take it forward,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that we're going to be able to do it in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The BBC's political editor, Tom Watson, said the government had been \"very clear \"about its intention to keep Britain in the EU."
"I'm not sure if it was a mistake or a mistake by the club, but it was a mistake."
"The government is also expected to announce a new law that will make it easier for companies to charge higher rates on credit cards."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not going to be able to play,\" he said."
"The first step is to find a way to make sure that the child is not alone, and that they are not alone."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a government that's willing to listen to the people,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get a feel for what the team is capable of and hopefully we can get a feel for what we need to do."
"The new rules are designed to help ensure that women are paid the same as men, and that they are paid the same as men when they work."
"The pair have been spotted together in the past, but have not been seen together since the pair were spotted together in the early hours of the morning."
"The researchers also found that the more people who were in the study group, the more likely they were to have a heart attack."
"\"I don't know if I'll be able to play in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"It is also the first time in the last 20 years that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has been reduced."
"The couple have been married for six years and have two children together, but the family said they were worried about their future."
"The United States and Russia have been engaged in a series of airstrikes in Syria since the start of the civil war in 2011."
"He said the government had been working with the European Union on a deal that would allow it to access the single market."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in January."
"The move comes after the company's shares fell more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The US and its allies have been bombing the militants since September 2014, and the US has been supporting them since late last year."
"The two men have been in contact with each other since the incident, and the pair have been together for more than two years."
"\"I don't want to say too much about the situation, but I am very happy with the results,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge have the power to make it happen,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been killed by police in the past five years has fallen by more than 20 percent."
"It's a great way to get a little bit of sleep, but it's not the best way to get a little bit of sleep."
"The best way to get a good view of the world is to look at the world in a different way, and not just at yourself."
"The report also found that the proportion of people who reported they had been sexually assaulted had increased from a high of 10 per cent in 2014 to 15 per cent in 2015."
"The latest figures show that the number of people sleeping rough in the city has risen by more than a third in the past year."
"\"It's a very special day for me, and I'm so grateful to have it,\" she said."
"The company has also been criticised for its handling of the issue, which has led to the resignation of its chief executive."
"I'm not sure that's what I want to do, but I'm going to try to do it."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against terrorism, but the United Nations has said it is not prepared to take part in the fight against ISIS."
"The company said it would add more than 200 new jobs in the coming months, and that it expects to generate $ 1. 8 billion in revenue in the first half of 2017."
"The study, published in the journal Science, found that the more people who are diagnosed with cancer, the more likely they are to develop the disease."
"The government has promised to provide $ 3. 2 billion in funding over five years for the project, which will be completed by 2020."
"The company has been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI on a criminal investigation into the matter."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial tax practices, which have led to the loss of billions of dollars in tax revenue."
"The first was the U. S. Supreme Court's 2010 decision in the case of the same- sex marriage case."
"But it's not just the fact that I'm a woman that's made me feel like a woman, and it's also the fact that I'm a woman that's made me feel like a woman."
"But the new study suggests that the number of people who are diagnosed with the disease is increasing, and that the number of people who are diagnosed with the disease is increasing."
"The fact that the UK is not a member of the European Union means that the UK will not be able to access the single market."
"The government has also announced a new scheme to help people who are in a crisis with their finances to get help."
"The first is the fact that the two- year- old is not a member of the national team."
"The government is also seeking to make it easier for people to claim benefits, as well as to make it easier for people to claim tax benefits, as well as to make it easier for people to claim tax benefits."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been injured in the past year has fallen by more than half since 2014."
"The president- elect's transition team has not yet announced any changes to the program, but it is expected to be rolled out over the next few months."
"\"I've been working on this for a while, and I'm really excited about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about that, but I think it's a pretty good story,\" he said."
"\"It's not that I don't like the way the game is played, it's just that I don't like the way the game is played,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this because it's a great way to get a little bit of extra cash."
"\"I'm going to be the first person to ever win a major and I'm going to be the first person to ever win a world championship,\" she said."
"The company's stock has fallen nearly 20 percent in the past year, and it has been trading below $ 50 a share."
"\"I think it's a very good idea to get a lot of people to go to the convention,\" he said."
"It's not that I'm not interested in the business, but I've been working in it for a long time."
"The number of people who are now in the UK illegally has risen by more than a third since the Brexit vote."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict is likely to rise, with the number of civilians also likely to rise."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of a bit of a break,\" he said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm really happy with the result and I'm really happy with the way the team played."
"It is a very important issue, but I think we need to be careful about what we say and what we say in public."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the right to vote in the next general election, but it is expected that the government will make a decision in the coming weeks."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third since the company's announcement in July."
"The average cost of a new car is $ 5, 000, with the average price of a new car in the United States at $ 14, 000."
"\"I'm not sure what the best way to do it is,\" he said, adding that he was not sure whether he would ever be able to afford the $ 1 million."
"The first is that the government is not going to make a decision on the future of the UK's relationship with the EU."
"It's a very tough team, but we're a good team, we're a good team, we're a good team, and we're going to win the next one."
"The former secretary of state's campaign is also hoping to use the state's new tax code to expand its tax base."
"The FBI is investigating the deaths of a number of people, including a pregnant woman who was found dead in her car in a rural area."
"I think that's why he's been able to do so well, because he's been able to play the game the way he wants to play it."
"\"I don't know what the problem is, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The first thing I do when I get a call is to tell my wife that I'm pregnant."
"The company said it expects to report a net profit of $ 3. 1 billion in the second half of the year."
"\"I'm not sure that I would have been able to do it if I'd been a little more careful,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose any restrictions on the number of refugees it will admit into the country."
"\"We have to do something about this problem, because it's not just a problem in the United States,\" he said."
"The man's death is being treated as suspicious, police said, and the investigation is ongoing."
"The U. S. has been accused of using torture against the Iraqi people in the past, including against civilians in the country's civil war."
"The two sides have been in contact since the beginning of the year, and the two sides have agreed to work together on a common strategy to tackle the issue."
"The man, who was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning, was taken into custody by police and released."
"The government has said it will take action if the UK leaves the EU and that it would be \"extremely difficult \"to do so."
"\"It's a very difficult situation, but I'm happy that we are able to do it,\" he said."
"The study found that the average age of the participants was 45, which is the same as in the United States."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 0 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the fourth quarter of 2007."
"The first thing I thought was that it was going to be a little bit of a shock to see him go."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to see the game and to be able to see what's going on,\" he said."
"I'm sure it's going to be an amazing experience for the fans and I'm looking forward to it."
"\"I don't know what to say about that, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 5. 23 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 8 billion."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been convicted of a crime increased by 40% over the same period."
"The report said the number of people who had been infected with the virus in the past year had increased by 1. 3 million."
"\"I think it's important for the people of the United States to know that Donald Trump is not the nominee of the Republican Party,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down about 1. 5 percent since the announcement, while the S & P 500 index has gained more than 2 percent since the news."
"But the fact that he is the first to do so, and the only one who has been able to do so, is a sign that the race is not over."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other, and to be able to play together."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against terrorism and has provided support to Iraqi security forces in the fight against ISIS."
"It's a lot easier to get a job when you're a young guy and you're a young manager."
"The first thing you have to do is to understand the other side of the story and what's going on in the world."
"The United States and its allies have been bombing the Islamic State since 2014, when the group was declared a terrorist group by the United Nations."
"The company said it had taken steps to reduce the number of complaints it received, but that it had not yet taken action against the women."
"I'm sure he'll be a very good player for us, and I'm sure he'll be a very good manager."
"The company said it had sold more than 2, 000 of the cars it had sold in the past 12 months."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work, and the quality of the people who work in the fields."
"He said: \"I think the only thing that is going to change is the fact that we have a new government."
"I don't know if he'll be able to get back to the top of the game, but I'm sure he'll be able to do it."
"The study found that the average American has a $ 1, 000 credit limit, but only $ 1, 000 of that is for personal use."
"The government's new tax will be introduced in April, and it will be paid by the end of 2017."
"The police said the man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with serious injuries but was not believed to be in a serious condition."
"The company has been under scrutiny in the past for its handling of sensitive information, including emails and phone records."
"The first two months of the year, the average price of a new home in the city was $ 1. 2 million."
"I'm not sure how I'll be able to get back in the game, but I'm sure I'll be back."
"The court heard that the pair had been on a date for a year and a half and had been dating for about a month."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would lay off 1, 500 workers."
"The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at a nearby house and taken to a local police station."
"The Prime Minister is expected to announce a new package of measures to tackle the problem, including the introduction of a new system of checks."
"I don't think it's a good idea to be a woman in the first place, but I'm not going to be a woman in the first place."
"The fact that the government has not yet decided on the date of the referendum is a big blow for the Scottish Government."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 44. 22 on Thursday, after the company announced a recall of its iPhone 7."
"\"I think the reason we're not doing it is because we're not getting the money we need,\" he said."
"But he said the government would not be able to keep the money if it did not have the necessary funds to do so."
"\"We have a very strong team here, we have a very strong squad and we have a very strong squad of players who are looking to improve,\" he said."
"The new law, which is expected to be passed by the end of the year, will see a ban on the sale of alcohol in public places."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I'm going to keep doing it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I'm going to win every single game,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been trying to get a deal on the issue for months, but the Obama administration has not yet made a decision."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to get to the next level,\" he told the BBC."
"The only reason I have ever been able to do it is because I've been working on it for so long."
"It's not just the number of people who have been killed that's been a problem, but the number who have been injured."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport because it's a lot easier to get a win,\" he said."
"The fact that we are not in the race to win the White House is a sign that we are not going to win the White House."
"\"I've been in the business for a very long time, and I've always had a very strong sense of what it's like to be a woman,\" she said."
"The new rules were announced in a joint press release from the Department of Health and the Department of Education."
"I've been in the business for 10 years, so it's a great opportunity for me to get involved in the business."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not talking about a single person,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government to set up a new headquarters in the UK, but the company has not yet been granted permission to move to the UK."
"The former secretary of state, who has been in the White House for eight years, has said she will not seek re- election."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in the room are not necessarily the people who are going to be in the room,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed in police operations in the past year has risen by almost 20 per cent."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that women with a history of breast cancer had a 16 percent lower risk of dying from the disease."
"He's not going to be able to do that if he's not able to play for a team that has a lot of good players."
"The company has been in talks with the government, but has not yet been granted permission to start production."
"The company has also said it will be working with the government to ensure that the new contract is fair and that it is fully funded."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in a serious condition, police said."
"But the government is not alone in its criticism of the program, with a separate report warning that the program could have a devastating impact on the economy."
"\"I don't think it's going to happen, but I'm not going to sit here and say it won't happen,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision, which was made after a meeting of the board."
"The new study found that the more people who were diagnosed, the more likely they were to develop a mental health condition."
"The report said that the average number of days a person could spend in the UK was just over one week, with a total of more than three months."
"The government has said it will not introduce new rules on the use of mobile phones in public places, but has said it will not introduce new rules on the use of mobile phones in private places."
"The government is also expected to announce a new scheme to help people who are homeless and in need of help."
"\"I think the president is right to say that he's going to try to do that,\" Trump said."
"I think that's a very important thing to do, and I think it's important to have people who are willing to stand up for what they believe in."
"\"We're going to have a very good relationship,\" he said in an interview with The New York Times."
"\"It's not just the kids who are going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"He said: \"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's the right thing to do."
"It's a great way to get to know the people you're meeting, and to see them in a different way."
"\"It's a very important game for us, and we've got to make sure we're ready for that,\" he said."
"But the number of people who are not working has fallen by more than a third since the recession, the report said."
"The former secretary of state and first lady, who has been in the White House since 2012, has a history of controversial statements."
"The company said it was \"looking at \"the idea of a new tax system, but it would not comment further."
"\"It's not a question of whether or not we'll be able to do it, it's just a question of when,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a guy in the middle of the field, but it's a good idea."
"The only thing I want to do is to do it for my children, and I'm not going to do that."
"The company has been criticised for its poor customer service and has been criticised for its poor sales figures, which have been blamed on the fact that it is a US company."
"It's a very, very good thing for the club and the fans, and it's a very good thing for the club and the fans, and I'm sure they'll be very happy with that."
"He was a good player and he was a good person, but I don't think he was a good player at all."
"The average age of the two men is now 35, and the two women are now 35 and older."
"The city's unemployment rate is now 5. 8 percent, compared to 4. 8 percent in the same period last year."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against terrorism, and has pledged to take back all of Iraq's oil."
"The company has been in the news recently for its decision to cut its workforce by about 1, 000 from the U. S. workforce."
"The United States is not a member of the European Union, and the European Union is not a union of nations, but a union of nations."
"It's not like we're going to have a whole lot of people who are going to be happy with the outcome."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good thing for the players,\" he said."
"The first was the one that was supposed to be the last, but that's the only thing I can think of."
"\"I'm not sure if there's any reason why I shouldn't be in the White House,\" he said."
"The country's unemployment rate is now at 5. 9 percent, the lowest level since the start of the crisis in 2009."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard and keep trying to get better."
"He said:'I was just trying to keep the ball in my hands and keep the ball in the ground and I was getting a little bit of pressure."
"The Scottish Government has said it will \"continue to work closely with the Scottish Government \"on the issue, which is expected to be discussed in the autumn statement."
"It's a big deal, but it's a big deal for me because I'm not going to have a chance to play for another club."
"The new study, published in the journal Science, suggests that the technology could be used to help people with dementia."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, because it's a very small percentage of the population,\" she said."
"He said:'I'm not sure what it is, but I'm not going to lie to you, it's a very serious issue."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in the UK and will continue to invest in its UK operations, including in its UK operations."
"The company said it would also make a profit on the sale of its remaining assets, including shares, if it was able to raise the necessary capital."
"I think it's a very good thing that we're going to have a new president who's going to be a lot more aggressive."
"The report said the number of people who had been detained for more than a week had increased by more than 30 per cent in the past year."
"The number of people who have been killed by guns in the United States has more than doubled in the past decade, according to a new report."
"The report also said that the UK is on track to be the largest economy in the world by 2020, with an estimated GDP of \u00a3 1. 8 trillion."
"The company has been criticised for not taking into account the fact that some people are already working in the UK."
"It's a great opportunity for the club to get back to the top flight and get back to the Premier League."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to play and to be able to be a part of the team,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a good thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we need to get a lot of good players in here,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for 30 years, and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's happening in the world,\" he says."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Saturday morning and taken to the Royal Brisbane Hospital."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would not be taking any action against the Trump Organization."
"The company said it had raised $ 6. 5 billion from investors, including a $ 1. 1 billion round of funding."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that we get to the point where we can actually do something about it,\" he said."
"The two sides have been working on the deal for months, and it is understood that the UK is expected to sign up to it in due course."
"\"I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not, but I'm pretty confident,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 3 billion in funding from private equity firms and private equity firms in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say that it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say that it's a bad thing for the game,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm pretty sure that we're going to have a very different team,\" he said."
"\"I have no idea what the hell he's talking about, but he's talking about the same thing,\" she said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1 percent on Wednesday, and they have lost more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, but they have risen more than 50 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say what the president said, but I'm not going to say what the president said, but I'm not going to say what the president said,\" he said."
"I'm going to go out there and play my best tennis, and I'm going to do everything I can to help my team win."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact is, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to do a lot more to get the job done,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we have the opportunity to do that,\" he said, adding that the U. S. should consider a \"new approach \"to the Syrian conflict."
"\"We're not going to go to war, but we're going to make sure that our military is ready to go,\" he said."
"The problem is that the new system, which is being introduced in the UK, is not yet ready for prime time."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club,\" he said."
"But I'm not going to go into the details of what he did, because it's too complicated."
"I think it's a really good thing that we've got a good team and we're going to be playing well."
"It's a good thing that I've got a good team of people around me to help me with my business."
"\"I'm not going to say it, but I'm not going to say it because I don't think it's going to happen,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to the Royal Brisbane and Children's Hospital where he was later released."
"The government has said that the new rules will help prevent the spread of the disease, but it has not said how."
"\"It's a big opportunity for us, and I'm sure we'll be able to do it,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the hell I'm talking about, but I'm sure it's a lot of fun."
"He said:'I've been in the game a few times and I've never seen anything like this."
"The company's shares were down about 1 percent at $ 33. 45 on Wednesday after the company's shares were down about 1 percent at $ 28. 20 on Wednesday."
"\"We are going to work together to make sure that the best way for the American people is for the American people to have a say in what happens in this country,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad, but I think we are not in a position to have a good squad,\" he said."
"The new rules were announced in a letter to the US Federal Reserve, which is expected to take a decision on the Fed next week."
"But the new rules mean that if you are a woman, you can't take a photo of your partner's face."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to be in the office and I'm not going to be in the office,\" he said."
"The fact that he's been able to do that, I think, is a good sign."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent on Wednesday, and the stock has fallen more than 3 percent in the past three years."
"The first thing I did was to go to the store and buy a new pair of shoes, and then I went to the store and bought another pair."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI was investigating whether the Clinton Foundation had been given access to the server, and whether any emails were marked as sensitive."
"The U. S. and Russia have been working on a ceasefire in Syria since the beginning of the civil war in 2011."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, and they have since fallen nearly 10 percent."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, I've been in the business for a long time, I've been in the business for a long time, and I've been in the business for a long time,\" he said"
"The video was posted online on Thursday, and has been viewed more than 1. 5 million times on Facebook."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to be in the business of making money,\" he said."
"The UK government has said it will not \"worry \"over the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and will work with the government to secure a deal."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we will have a good relationship,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed by guns in the U. S. has increased by over 20 percent since the start of the year, according to the National Law Center on Gun Safety."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to do a better job of making sure that we're not going to be in a situation where we're going to be in a situation where we're not going to be in a situation,\" he said."
"The company said the new technology would be available to the public in the next few months, but it would be limited to the U. S. market."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but that it was not ready for commercial use yet."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20% since the start of the year, and it is now down nearly 15% in the last three months."
"\"I've been working hard to get back to where I was at the start of the season,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in a serious condition and was expected to survive, the spokesman said."
"The study found that the number of women who reported having sex with men was twice as high as the number of men who reported having sex with women."
"The first of the two will be held at the end of February and the third in April, with the third being held in May."
"The second part of the report, which was prepared by the UN's refugee agency, was released on Thursday."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government is going to be able to do what it wants to do,\" he said."
"I have been told that the government is working on a draft bill that will be published in the next few weeks."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I think the only way we can really be sure is to look at what the other side has done,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful because we're not going to be able to take a full- scale attack,\" he said."
"The group said it had been in contact with the woman's family and had been told of her death by police."
"But he's still not a good enough player to be a good enough player to be a good enough player to be a good enough player to be a good enough player to be a good enough player to be a good enough player to be a"
"I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to do this again, but I'm going to try."
"The company has been in talks with the government on a deal for more than a year but has not yet been given a final offer."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, \"because I'm not going to be able to do that."
"\"I'm not saying that I'm not going to do it, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The government has promised to introduce a new law to ensure that all children under the age of 16 are given the right to stay."
"\"I don't think I've ever done anything like that before,\" he said, adding that he had been working on it for years."
"\"I think the biggest thing that has happened to me is that I've been able to get a job,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a lower price on the products it sold, and it was working with other retailers to offer the same price."
"But the fact that we're not doing anything to stop the spread of the virus is something that we're going to have to do."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be a great president, but I'm not going to be a bad president,\" he said."
"\"I have been in this business for 15 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to talk about the issues we're facing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to get a chance to play in a game like that, but I'm going to be ready to go,\" he said."
"The new contract will be paid for in full by the end of the current season, with the club paying a further \u00a3 5. 5 million to the club over the next three years."
"He said:'I'm not sure how much longer he will be able to stay in the UK, but I'm sure he will be back."
"But I don't think it's the best way to do it, because I think it's going to be a very difficult game."
"The new contract will see the club pay \u00a3 3. 5 million in compensation for the club's first three seasons."
"The pair have been married for more than a decade and have two children together, but have not had a child together since they were both teenagers."
"The company has said that it will continue to work with the U. S. Justice Department on its investigation into the company."
"The new rules will be introduced in April, and are expected to be in place for the first time in the UK in a decade."
"The two- year- old has been missing since the end of last week, and police are appealing for anyone who saw him or saw him in the area to come forward."
"The first thing that came to mind was the fact that she had been in a relationship for a while."
"The company said in a statement it was \"committed to providing the best possible experience for our customers \"and that it was \"working closely with our partners \"on the process."
"\"I'm not sure what's going to happen with him, but I'm sure he'll be OK,\" he said."
"The report said that while the number of people who used the service increased from 1. 5 million to 2. 5 million in the year to December 31, the number of people who used the service declined by 2. 5 million."
"The government has said it will not introduce any new rules on the use of mobile phones in schools, but the move is likely to be controversial."
"It was a tough game, but we had a chance to win it and we didn't, and we have to get better and better."
"\"I think we have to be very careful in the first half of the season,\" he said."
"I don't think there's any doubt that we're going to be in a better place than we've ever been."
"The first was to be made public in a letter to the editor of the New York Times, and the second was to be published in a book."
"The new rules, which were approved by the state Supreme Court in January, require that all businesses with more than 100 employees must have at least 50 percent of their employees in the state."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for us, but we're going to have to get used to it,\" he said."
"It is not clear how many of the dead were civilians, but at least one of them is believed to be a woman."
"The government has said it will not negotiate with the EU over the deal, but the UK government has said it will not negotiate with the EU over the deal."
"The new law will take effect on 1 January, but will not apply to those who have already applied for a visa."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 3 billion in a Series B round led by the fund."
"The company said it was \"pleased \"at the outcome, and that it would continue to work with the authorities."
"The United States has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, and has been involved in a number of counter- terrorism operations."
"\"We have to be very careful with the people who come in,\" he said, adding that the government was not ready to give the impression that it would give any more."
"The decision to go public was made after a series of public comments and letters from the public, which were written by people who had been in the business for more than 20 years."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand that the government is not the only one that has to do this,\" he said."
"He said: \"The Scottish Parliament is the only body in the UK that has the power to make decisions about the future of the country."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea for the government to be saying, \"We're going to do this."
"The other thing is that I don't want to be a part of a team that's not going to win."
"\"I think it's important to get the right balance of the two,\" said the former secretary of state."
"But it's not just the fact that he's a great player that makes it so difficult for him to play."
"The first thing I did was go out and buy a new pair of shoes and I was so impressed with the quality of the work that I bought."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the president of the United States, the president of the United States, is the commander- in- chief of the United States,\" he said."
"I think it's a really important thing to have in your life, to be able to have a conversation with someone and have that conversation with them."
"The government has said it will take action to address the problem, but it is not clear how the government will do so."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a good leader for the next four years,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we have a system in place that allows us to do that,\" he said."
"He said: \"I don't think that's a good thing to do, but I think it's a good thing to do."
"The government has been criticised by the UN for failing to address the issue of the lack of affordable housing for the homeless."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm very happy to be back in the team,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"\"I think we've got a lot of work to do to make sure that we're not just talking about the Olympics,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 10% since the scandal broke in March, and are down by more than 30% since the scandal broke."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, but I'm pretty sure I'd be better off if I had a little more money."
"He said he had been in contact with the woman, who was not his wife, but that he had not seen her since the incident."
"The two men were arrested at the scene and taken to a local police station where they were questioned for questioning."
"\"I'm going to be a part of the conversation, I'm going to be a part of the conversation, and I'm going to be a part of the conversation,\" Trump said."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in September 2015."
"I'm not sure how I would feel if I were to get my head cut off, but I'm not going to let that happen to me."
"It is a very difficult thing to do, but I think it is a very good thing to do because it is a good thing to be able to do it in the first place."
"\"We've got a lot of people who are going to be there, and I'm going to be there,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the president- elect is the president- elect of the United States,\" he said."
"The woman was not injured in the incident, but police said she had been drinking at the time of the incident."
"It's a lot of work, and I'm not sure how much of it is really worth it."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing the highest quality service \"to its customers and was working closely with the police and other relevant authorities."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few weeks because we are not going to be able to do it in the next few months,\" he said."
"It's not the first time that the Trump campaign has been accused of trying to influence the outcome of a presidential election."
"\"We are very pleased to have been selected by the Government as a new, independent regulator,\" he said."
"The problem is that the only thing that's going to make a difference is the fact that we've had a lot of bad news."
"The new figures, released on Monday, show that the number of people aged over 65 who have been diagnosed with dementia has risen by nearly three times since 2010."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get a little bit of momentum going into the season and we'll be looking to keep that going."
"The US has said it will not be bound by the agreement, but the EU has said it will not be bound by the terms of the deal."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent on the news, but they are down nearly 20 percent since the announcement."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the United States has a history of being a leader in the world,\" he said."
"The only way to make sure that we're not going to have to deal with that is to make sure that we're not going to have to deal with the fact that we have to deal with the fact that we have to deal with the"
"\"I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said, \"and I'm going to have to be very careful about what I say."
"The new report, published on Monday, said that the number of people who were arrested for drug offences fell from 1. 1 million in 2014 to 1. 6 million in 2015."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is said to have been in the car with the woman and was not injured."
"The FBI said it was investigating the incident, but declined to say how many people were involved."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was in talks with the European Commission, but it was not clear if it had been offered a deal."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea for us to have a discussion about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 3 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors including the New York- based venture capital firm Capital One Capital."
"\"It's a very difficult situation for us to play in, but we're not going to be in a position where we have to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get back to the top of our game,\" he said."
"The Scottish Government has said it will not be making any changes to the way in which it funds schools."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the company's shares fell as much as 2 per cent."
"The government is also expected to announce a new tax on the sale of luxury homes in England and Wales in the coming weeks."
"It's not a great feeling, but I'm not going to change my mind about it."
"The government has said it will continue to work with the industry to improve the standards and to ensure that the new standards are in line with the best practices of the industry."
"The company's shares rose as much as 6. 5 percent to $ 15. 10 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The government has not yet released its final report on the report, which was prepared in consultation with industry, and it will be released on Tuesday."
"\"I'm not sure what it's like to be a black woman in a white world,\" she said."
"But he said he had been told by the police that he was not to be taken into custody and that he would be released if he did not answer the police's questions."
"The first thing I did was to ask my family, and I did a lot of research on my own and I found out that there are some people who are very good at what they do."
"The report said the number of people with mental health problems was at its highest level since the 1980s."
"The government has been criticised for failing to ensure that the UK is able to access the single market without leaving the EU."
"The new report, which was released on Monday, found that more than half of the victims were women, and more than one in five were in their 20s."
"The first of two tests will be held in the city, where the first phase of the project is expected to be completed in 2017."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision, which it said was made in the interest of the company's shareholders."
"\"We're going to be a very good team, and we're going to be a very good team,\" he said."
"He was a good player, a good player, and he was a good player in the first half, but he was not good enough to win the game."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a little bit of a bit of a chance to win this game,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting has dropped by half since the start of the fighting."
"\"I have no idea what the hell he is doing, but I'm pretty sure he's doing something,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that's the case,\" he said, \"I think it's the same as the other guys."
"The government has been trying to convince the public that it is doing more to protect the environment than to protect the people."
"The city's mayor has been asked to step down, and the city's police chief is to step down."
"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, and I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that with the help of the fans."
"\"I'm not sure what the hell he was thinking, but I was just so happy,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to post net income of $ 1. 9 billion for the three months to September."
"The company has been under fire for its failure to protect consumers from fraud and abuse, and for failing to address the problem in the way it did."
"It's a great way to get to know the city, and I think that's the reason why I love it so much."
"The former secretary of state's campaign said in a statement that it was \"disappointed \"by the results of the election."
"The company's shares are up about 2. 5 percent to $ 19. 30, while the S & P 500 index is down 2. 1 percent."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including the fund manager of the world's biggest tech company, Google."
"The U. S. has been trying to build a relationship with Russia since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011."
"The government has said it will not make any changes to the way it funds the NHS, and has pledged to keep its current funding levels."
"\"I think that's a good thing, because it's a good thing to have somebody who's not just a good person,\" he said."
"\"It's not a good idea to have a baby with your partner,\" she said, adding that she would like to see more women in the workforce."
"The new law, which was passed in the wake of the Paris attacks, is expected to be implemented by the end of March."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that I'm not going to get in trouble for it."
"\"We have a great team here, we've got a great group of guys, and we're going to do everything we can to get the best out of them,\" he said."
"The two men have been in custody since the start of the investigation and are due to appear in court on Wednesday."
"The next day, he was back at work, and he was working on the phone, so I had to call the police."
"\"I'm not going to say what I think is the right thing to do, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The company said it was also working with other companies to ensure that their products are safe and effective."
"The company said it had a \"significant \"market share in the UK, and it was \"strongly \"in favour of the UK leaving the EU."
"\"We are not going to let the government down,\" he said, adding that he had been told that the government would not be able to give him a job until the end of the year."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to try to do my best,\" he said."
"The government's plan would have a major impact on the health service, with more than 40, 000 people expected to lose their health coverage."
"The report said the number of people who had been detained by police had increased from 5, 000 in 2014 to 7, 000 in 2015."
"The other thing is that we've been in this position before, and we've had to work a little harder than we should."
"It's not a new idea ; it has been around for a while and has been used in the past."
"The government has not yet released the full list of those who have been detained, although it is expected to be released soon."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much longer he'll be able to play but I'm sure he'll be back in the team."
"\"It's a good thing for us to have a good relationship with the United States,\" he said."
"The most recent data show that the number of people who have been infected with the virus in the past year has increased from 2. 5 million to 3. 3 million."
"The two- year- old was found in a nearby house on Saturday, and police are appealing for anyone who may have seen the child to come forward."
"\"We're not going to have a perfect world,\" he said, \"but we're going to have a world where everyone has a chance to succeed."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent from its peak of $ 85. 9 billion in 2014."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"high- quality \"product, but would not say how much."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 1 percent annual rate in the first quarter, compared with a 2. 1 percent rate in the previous quarter."
"\"I think it's important for people to be aware of what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"I've been to the park and it's a great place to be, and I love it."
"The state's attorney general's office has not yet filed a lawsuit against the company, but a spokeswoman said it would be filing a similar suit against the company in the coming weeks."
"\"I think we've got to go out there and play our best tennis and we're going to win it,\" Murray said."
"The new rules, which were announced on Wednesday, will apply to the new- look planes, too."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we're all on the same page."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety of our customers \"and the integrity of the investigation."
"The Government has said it will not cut the number of councils that will be affected by the cuts, but it will not be able to do so until the Government has had a clear plan of how it will deliver them."
"\"I think it's a great way to do it, and I think it's a great way to do it in a way that's not too much,\" he said."
"The company said in a statement that it was \"committed to providing the best possible service to our customers \"and to providing \"value for money \"and that it would continue to do so."
"The two- year- old girl, who has not been identified, was found dead in the garden of her flat in the early hours of Sunday morning."
"The government is also expected to announce a new law that will give councils the power to ban smoking in public places."
"But it is not just the economy that has been hit hard by the Brexit vote, it has also been hit by the financial crisis."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do in the next few days to get back to the level I was in before the injury,\" he said."
"\"I think that's the reason why we have to keep the focus on the job,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it was investigating the allegations and that it would not comment on the matter until a formal investigation was completed."
"\"I think we have a lot of work to do to get the right balance of what we're trying to do,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a big deal, but it's a big deal because it's a big deal to me."
"He said: \"We've had a lot of good things happen in the last few weeks, but we've had a lot of bad things happen in the last few weeks."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new contract on the state- run broadcaster, which has more than 2. 5 million viewers."
"The government has said it will review the decision to cut the number of police officers from 50 to 40, and will not change its stance on the issue."
"\"We are not going to go back to the drawing board,\" he said, \"because we don't have a clear picture of what we are going to do."
"The second part of the report says that the UK is the most expensive country in the world for the price of a cup of tea."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the reaction,\" he said."
"The first thing I thought about was that I was going to be in a different world and I didn't want to go to a different country."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"It's a very exciting time for the sport and I'm looking forward to the challenge of competing in Rio."
"The government has said it wants to make it easier for people to register to vote, but the process is still far from complete."
"The company said it had already made \"significant progress \"in its efforts to address the issue, but that it would continue to work with local authorities and other organisations to address the issue."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to the polls,\" he said."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect on January 1, will take effect on January 1, 2017, and it will be applied to all businesses and individuals."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 12. 95 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 2. 5 percent at $ 1. 88."
"\"I'm not sure if it's the right thing to do but I think it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"He said he had been in touch with the family, but that he had not yet been contacted by the police."
"\"I think it's a great idea, and I think it's something that's going to be a big part of the future of the show,\" she said."
"The report said that the number of people who were diagnosed with cancer in the past year has increased by more than a third."
"The new rules will be implemented in the coming weeks, and will apply to all new and existing members of the club."
"The couple, who have two children, have been together for more than a decade and have two children together, a source told the paper."
"The two men, who are not known to each other, were arrested in the early hours of the morning, and taken to a local police station."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, to make sure that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to go out and have a great game, we're going to have a great game,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it in the future, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it."
"The government has said it will seek to keep the law and order in place, but it is not clear what will happen in the future."
"The family of a man who died in a crash in the Scottish capital have called for an investigation into the crash."
"\"I don't think there's a single person who doesn't have a passion for the sport,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I can do it, but I'm sure I can do it,\" he said."
"\"I think that's the most important thing in the world to me,\" he said, adding that he's \"not a bad guy \"and has \"nothing to do with politics \"in the run- up to the presidential election."
"I don't know how to explain it, but I've been in the gym for the last two weeks and I've been in the gym for the last two days."
"The company's shares rose more than 10 percent to $ 1. 16 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"It's a great way to get out and do something fun and different and it's great for the kids to have fun with it."
"\"I think we've got the best team in the world, and I think that's a good thing,\" he said."
"The fact that he's not running for president is a sign of the times that he's not running for president."
"The first thing you do is ask yourself if you are going to be able to do that and you will see how you can do it."
"It's not just the people who are suffering, it's the people who are suffering from the system that we're in."
"He said: \"We have a lot of people who are saying they want to get out of the EU and go back to their home countries."
"The government has said it wants to increase the number of refugees it will admit from Europe by as much as 80, 000 by 2020."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 30, or 6. 2 percent, to $ 42. 26 in after- market trading on Wednesday."
"The government's announcement comes just a day after the UK's first ever referendum on whether to leave the European Union."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a whole group of people who are not going to be able to do anything,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state has been critical of Mr Trump, who has called for a ban on Muslims entering the US."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to determine the cause of the fire."
"The first was a \"we're not going to get into that \"argument, but it's one that's been made in the past."
"\"I think it's important for people to know that there is a place for them in the United States,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact of that is, but I think it's a pretty big one,\" he said."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your name in the news and to get your name out there on social media."
"The company has been under fire for its use of a private jet for a private flight from New York to London in 2014."
"The government has also said it will not allow the sale of the aircraft to the private sector unless the government is given a guarantee that it will not be used for commercial or military use."
"The president's office said the president had not yet been contacted by the White House and that the president had not been contacted by the White House."
"The US has been under a lot of pressure to do something about the refugee crisis, but it seems like it's not working."
"The company's shares are down more than 20 percent in recent days after the company said it would cut 1, 000 jobs."
"It's not like you're going to get a job, you're not going to get a job, you're not going to get a job."
"The last two years have seen a huge surge in the number of people seeking asylum in Germany, and the number of people arriving in the country has increased by more than 100, 000 in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to lie, it was a really tough time,\" he said in a phone interview."
"The first thing I want to do is to get the right person in the right place, and that's the right person, and that's the person that I want to be with."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the investigation, but I will say that I am very disappointed with the outcome,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court he had been in contact with the woman for more than two years."
"The move comes after a report in the New York Times found that the Trump Organization has made a profit of $ 1. 7 billion in the last year."
"I'm sure he will be in the squad for the next few weeks and we will see how it goes."
"I've been in the business for 10 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I think it's important that we get to the bottom of what happened, and that's what we're going to do next,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"It's not that I don't want to be a part of it, but I want to be involved in it,\" she said."
"\"We have to be careful, because it's a very difficult thing to do,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed in the conflict had increased from 1. 2 million in 2014 to 2. 1 million in 2015."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it's going to be a great one,\" he said."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the people, the people who are going to be in the White House for a long time,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been at war with Russia since the early 1990s, and has been accused of war crimes by both sides."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third since the company's first public offering in March 2014."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are trading at about $ 40."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as US president."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a long- term solution, but it's going to be a long- term solution,\" he said."
"I think we're going to have to be a little bit more patient with our approach, but I think we're going to be able to do better."
"\"I'm not sure if that's because I'm not a big fan of the show, or maybe I'm just not a big fan of the show,\" he said."
"He said: \"We are in the process of getting a deal on a new stadium, but we are not at a stage yet where we are going to have a final decision."
"I've been in the business for 30 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"It's not like I'm going to be able to do all of the things I'm capable of doing."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a debate on this,\" he said."
"The new study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the number of people with type 2 diabetes increased by nearly 10 percent between 2003 and 2014."
"\"I'm not sure how long it will take for him to get back to his normal level of playing football,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 1 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter, the fastest pace in a decade."
"I'm not sure if I've ever been able to do that, but I've been able to do that for a long time."
"The new law, which was introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, is expected to be signed into law by President Barack Obama in the coming weeks."
"I've been doing this for a long time and I think it's time to get on with it and get on with the job."
"The former secretary of state and first lady also made the announcement on Twitter, saying she was \"looking forward \"to the debate."
"The state's unemployment rate is now 5. 9 percent, compared with 4. 7 percent in the same period last year."
"The government has also said it will not be able to offer free school meals to the children who need them."
"The company's shares fell as much as 10 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it was cutting costs."
"\"We're going to have a lot of people that are not going to be able to get to the polls in November,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the point of the game is, but I'm happy to be here and I'm excited to be playing."
"The company said the cost of the service was about $ 5 per month for a single user and $ 3 per month for a group of four."
"The report said that the UK's economy grew by 0. 3% in the first quarter of this year, compared with the 0. 5% growth recorded in the first quarter of 2015."
"The latest round of talks between the two countries came as the two sides held a joint press conference in Berlin on Monday."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better and see if we can make a difference."
"I'm not saying that I'm a bad person, but I'm not saying that I'm not a good person, but I'm not saying that I'm not a good person."
"I think it's important to be able to play in the Premier League and to play in the Champions League and to play in the Champions League and to play in the Champions League and to play in the Champions League and to play in the Champions"
"The other day, I was walking home from work and I saw a man standing in the street."
"The government has said it will not be able to take the money, but it is not clear whether the money will be used to pay for the new schools."
"He said: \"We are working closely with the police to establish exactly what happened and what happened to the other victims."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI is investigating whether Clinton used a private email server while she was secretary of state."
"The company's stock rose to a new all- time high on Monday, after the company reported a $ 1. 4 billion loss in the third quarter, the biggest one- day drop in a decade."
"I'm sure the guys in the team will be looking forward to it and I think it will be a good experience for everyone."
"\"It's a very important game, and I'm sure we'll be able to get a result,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to do, but I don't think it's a good thing for anyone to do,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to come back and play again and I think that's the best thing for the team."
"The government is also trying to raise awareness about the Zika virus, which is spreading in Brazil and parts of South America."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife, and I was so shocked and scared."
"The former president said that while he did not believe the US would be able to defend itself against Russia, he did not think that the Russian government would be able to take back control of the country."
"The city's police chief said the city is working to improve its response to the crisis and said he hoped the police department would be able to provide more information."
"The UK has a very high rate of unemployment of around 10 per cent, and the rate of people who are in work is about the same as it is in France."
"It's a good thing that we're able to do it in the first place, because it's a very good thing for us to do it."
"The group said it had also been contacted by the US State Department, the State Department, the European Commission and the European Parliament."
"The Government has been criticised for failing to explain the benefits of the scheme to the public, and for failing to provide a detailed plan of how the scheme would work."
"It's a very good thing for the game to come out and we're going to try and get it out of the way."
"It's a big game for us, and we're going to have to get it done."
"The couple's relationship has been a source of controversy in the past, with the couple reportedly dating for years and reportedly having a sexual relationship."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a part of the process,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not just talking about the United States, we are talking about the whole world,\" he said."
"It's a great feeling to be able to play in front of a crowd of thousands and thousands of people and to be able to show the fans what I can do."
"The team is looking to get back to the top of the table and we are looking forward to the challenge ahead."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I think we need more of the same,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to get into the details, but I think it's a very important issue,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work and the quality of the work that we do, and that's what we're trying to do."
"The new rules will apply to all private schools, but they will not apply to all private schools, which means that some private schools will be able to offer free or reduced- time classes."
"The former secretary of state is currently leading the Democratic field in the polls, and has a comfortable lead over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders."
"I don't think there's any doubt that the people who are in charge of the NHS are in charge of the NHS."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the people who work for the company, and that's what I want to do."
"It's not like I'm going to get a job, I'm not going to be able to go to a restaurant and buy a cup of coffee."
"The report said the number of people who had been infected with HIV in the past year had increased by more than a third."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it because I don't want to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been arrested for drug offences has fallen by more than a third, according to the latest figures."
"The next step is to see how many people are affected by the disease, and how long it will last."
"The European Union's chief executive has said he will not be able to meet Mr Cameron until he has spoken to the prime minister."
"\"We're not going to be able to do anything about it, but we're going to be able to do something about it,\" he said."
"The company has been in discussions with the government on how to handle the situation, but has not yet been given a final decision."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to be able to say that we're not going to do that,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, require companies to report to the regulator within six months of their first breach."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this because it's a good thing that we're doing it because we're doing it,\" he said."
"But the idea that the world's most powerful people can't see eye to eye with the rest of us is just not true."
"The couple, who are married, have two children together, one of whom is a nurse, and the other a student."
"But the reality is that the American people have a right to know what's going on in their lives."
"It's not a good look for a new team to have the same number of players as the old one."
"I'm not sure what the hell he's doing, but he's doing a great job."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we have a good squad and we have a lot of good players."
"He said: \"We are working with the police to ensure that the information we have received is correct and that the investigation is completed."
"It's not the first time that the two have been involved in a fight, but they have been together for more than a decade."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to a police station where they were questioned by officers."
"The only thing I can think of is to make sure that I don't get a chance to do that again."
"I think that the most important thing is to get the right balance of the game, and I think that we've done that."
"\"We are working with the police and the public to find out what happened,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"with the results, adding that it was working with the authorities to improve the company's performance."
"The U. S. economy grew at an annual rate of 3. 3 percent in the first quarter of this year, the fastest pace in more than two years."
"The family of a missing 17- year- old girl have launched a campaign to find her family and find her killer."
"The government has said it is committed to the deal, which will see the UK leave the European Union in March 2019."
"\"I think it's a great idea, but I don't think it's the right solution,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for its failure to take into account the fact that the number of migrants crossing the Mediterranean from Libya to Greece has increased by more than a third."
"But it's a different story in the big cities, where the majority of people live in the suburbs."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent in the last year, and it has lost more than $ 2 billion in the last year."
"But the government has said it is not yet ready to sign up to the deal, which would see Britain leave the European Union."
"He said the government would make a decision on the future of the school in the next few weeks."
"The latest figures show that the number of people living in poverty in England and Wales is on the rise, with the number of people with a disability now at a record high."
"The man who has been charged with the murder of a woman has been released on bail after being arrested on suspicion of murder."
"\"I've been working on this for a long time, and I'm really excited to get started,\" she said."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been sent to prison for a crime has fallen by more than a third in the past five years."
"The government's budget watchdog says the current system of tax- free savings accounts is \"not working \"and could be \"broken \"if the UK leaves the EU."
"But the government's position is that it has to take the time to get the legislation through parliament."
"The government has said it will not cut the number of people who work part- time, but that will be up to the unions."
"But the new rules will apply to all companies, and they will be implemented in all 50 states, including California."
"The former secretary of state has a comfortable lead in the polls, and she has the support of more than half of Republicans."
"The former secretary of state, who is a Democrat, has been leading in the polls in Iowa, where polls show her leading Trump by a wide margin."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are doing it,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say that we have a great deal of respect for the people who are in the White House,\" he said."
"I was lucky enough to have a good friend who helped me with the transition, and I was able to do it."
"The first thing you need to do is get yourself into a good mood and get yourself into a good mood again."
"\"I'm not going to say that I was the only one who was affected, but I was the one who was the most affected,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to go out and play the way I want to play, and I'm happy with the way I'm playing."
"The new rules are designed to give the government more time to implement the reforms, which are due to take effect in 2017."
"The company's shares were up more than 10 percent at $ 14. 29 on Wednesday, after the stock closed at $ 14. 51."
"He said he had no idea that the man was a member of the Islamic State, but said he was surprised to learn he had been targeted by the group."
"The US- led coalition has been bombing Islamic State since 2014, and has been accused of using chemical weapons in the campaign."
"The company said it had sold about $ 1. 5 billion in assets in the first quarter, compared with $ 1. 9 billion in the same period a year earlier."
"The reason for this is that the U. S. economy is in a recession, and the Fed is trying to raise rates."
"He said the government would not be able to guarantee the safety of its citizens and would not be able to guarantee the security of its borders."
"The former first lady said she had been \"very lucky \"to have been born in a country where she was \"a natural \"and \"a good person \"in the eyes of the law."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the situation is, but I'm not sure what the situation is with the police,\" he said."
"It's a good way to get a feel for the game, and I think it's a good way to get a feel for how the game is going."
"The British government has said it will not be able to guarantee access to the single market for the UK if it leaves the EU."
"The company's shares rose more than 3 percent on Friday, their biggest gain in more than two years."
"It's not the first time that the world's most powerful country has been accused of corruption."
"The UK's trade deficit with the EU is expected to be \u00a3 1. 1 billion in 2016 / 17, a rise of 14. 4 per cent on 2015 / 16."
"The first thing I did was to go and get a friend to help me with my house and then I went and got a friend to help me with my house."
"He's a big guy, he can handle it, he's got a good feel for the game and he's got good hands."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" Trump said."
"The Scottish Government said it was committed to the \"best possible outcomes \"for the region and its people."
"The woman, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, the station reports."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law in the coming weeks to allow people to register to vote."
"\"It's not just about the money,\" he said of the U. S. military's role in Afghanistan."
"\"I think we're all going to have to get used to it,\" he said, adding that he would like to see more of the same in the future."
"The two sides are still negotiating a deal on the future of the North Sea oil and gas industry, but there is little chance of an agreement being reached."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies on the investigation, but declined to comment further."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not going to have a debate about it,\" he said."
"\"It's not about the money, it's about the people who are going to be there,\" he said."
"The US has been accused of using its influence in the Middle East to help the Saudi- led coalition fight IS."
"The former secretary of state has been critical of Trump's proposals on trade and immigration, and has said that he will not support the Republican nominee."
"The first step is to get the right kind of person in the right place, and that's the way it should be."
"\"I think we're going to have a very different country,\" he told the audience at the Democratic National Convention."
"The government's decision to make it easier for companies to hire workers is a welcome change for the economy, he said."
"The first of the four- day tour will be held in New York on Monday, October 17, and will include stops in San Francisco, Los Angeles and Chicago."
"\"It's a very difficult situation, but I think we are in a good position,\" he said."
"\"I'm just going to be honest with you, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The couple had been married for eight years, and had been married for a total of five years, according to the lawsuit."
"The latest figures show that the number of people sleeping rough has increased by 11 per cent over the past year."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" she said, adding that the city had been working on a plan for the project for several months."
"The court heard the pair had been married for six years and had two children, aged five and five, and had a \"healthy \"relationship."
"\"I don't know how I'm going to get out of this,\" he said, adding that he would like to see more women in politics."
"But the problem is that the government is not doing enough to protect the people who are going to be affected."
"The U. S. has been bombing ISIS since 2014, when President Barack Obama ordered the U. S. to target the group's leaders."
"The survey found that only about a quarter of people believe that the EU will make Britain less safe, while a majority believe the UK will make Britain more secure."
"The government is also trying to find a way to reduce the number of migrants who are arriving in Greece, but it is unclear how."
"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this because it's the only way we can get the job done."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey, which killed more than 130 people."
"He said: \"I think it is a very good sign that we are going to have a good relationship with the Russians."
"\"We've got to be very careful with what we say, and I think it's important to be very careful with what we say,\" he said."
"The UK has a long history of being a leading destination for international students, and we are delighted to be joining the growing list of countries that have joined the list."
"The government's plan to introduce a new system of child benefit for the first time in decades is being opposed by the parents of the children."
"\"I think that's a good thing, because it's a good thing to be able to have a conversation with someone who is not your friend,\" she said."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful in our approach,\" he said, adding that the U. S. should be \"very careful \"in its approach to Cuba."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government about the possibility of a possible sale, but the company has not yet been able to reach a final agreement."
"\"I don't think I've ever seen a better player in my life,\" he said."
"\"I think the biggest thing that can happen is that people start to question whether or not they should be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"It's not a big deal, it's just that we are not in the same league as the other teams,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work that we do, the quality of the people that we have here."
"\"I don't know how you can be so negative about something like this, but I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised its full- year profit forecast to $ 1. 3 billion, or $ 1. 7 billion, from $ 1. 1 billion, or $ 1. 5 billion."
"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to have a permanent solution to the problem."
"He said he had been told by the police that the man had been arrested on suspicion of murder and was being questioned by police."
"\"It's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about the next couple of months,\" he said."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I felt like I was going to be the one to get the win,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that in the next few days,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been the world's largest producer of crude oil, and has been a major player in the global oil market."
"The idea that we can't be the only ones to be affected by climate change is a fantasy."
"\"I'm not going to say anything negative about the Republican Party or the Democratic Party,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for offences in the past year has increased by nearly 40 per cent."
"He said: \"I'm very disappointed that I was not able to get the ball in the box."
"The video has been viewed more than 4. 5 million times on YouTube and has been shared more than 500, 000 times on Facebook."
"The government has already announced a new initiative to help refugees and migrants find jobs, and the government is planning to introduce a new one- year visa for people from Syria and Afghanistan."
"\"I don't want to say it's a bad thing, but it's not the right thing to do,\" he said."
"He said the company had not been aware of the allegations until it was contacted by Fairfax Media."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the people who live in the city, but it's a huge difference."
"It's a big game for us and we've got to make sure we don't get a chance to lose."
"\"I don't think that's going to happen,\" he said, adding that he was not going to be the president of the United States."
"\"I'm just trying to get my head around it and get ready for the next game,\" he said."
"The couple have been married for more than 20 years, and have two children together, a source close to the family said."
"The Prime Minister has been clear that she wants to see the UK remain in the EU, but she has not said what that means for the negotiations."
"The first thing I do when I go to work is to make sure I'm getting the right help and support."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been in contact with the victims was increasing, with more than half of those who had contacted the police in the past year reporting they had spoken to police."
"\"It's a very, very difficult situation, and it's going to take a very, very long time to get back to the table,\" he said."
"It's a big deal for us to be able to go out there and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play and play"
"The two- day meeting is the first time the two sides will meet since the UK voted to leave the European Union in June."
"\"I've been in this position before, and I've never been in a position where I was in a position where I could have been in the position where I am today,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third, according to the UN."
"The report found that the average age of the women was 25, compared to 30 in the men's sample."
"\"I think that's what's really important about this election,\" he said, referring to the two- party system."
"It's not like I'm going to be in the top 10, but I'm going to be in the top 10."
"\"It's a very important thing for the country to know that this is not a joke,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the problem of women's violence against men, and for failing to address the issue of sexual violence against women."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the game, I'm not going to give up on the game,\" he said."
"The researchers found that the risk of developing Alzheimer's was reduced by about 20 percent in women and by about 30 percent in men."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 50 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a very good idea to have a strong presence in the world,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died in the UK in the last year has fallen by more than a third since the end of the Second World War."
"The club's decision to move the team from London to Glasgow comes after a \u00a3 3 million bid was rejected by the Football Association."
"The U. S. has been at war with the Taliban since the beginning of the Afghan war in 2001."
"The president- elect's transition team has said that the president- elect will have no role in the transition."
"The study found that the number of people who are homeless is at its lowest in the country, and at its highest in the world."
"The company said it was working on a new product, but said it would not be releasing details until it had more information."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get back to the level we've been in the past two weeks and to get back to the level we've been in the past two weeks."
"He said: \"I have been in the business for over 30 years and I have never seen anything like this."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to the Royal Perth Hospital for treatment for a head injury."
"The U. S. government has said the Syrian government has not been responsible for the attack but has denied responsibility for the attack."
"The first thing we do is we have to go to the club and tell them that we're going to do everything we can to help them."
"\"I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to do that in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The country's government has said it is considering a ban on the film in the country's parliament."
"I think that's why we've got to be a little bit more patient and a little bit more careful."
"He said: \"We are going to be looking at the possibility of a second referendum, but we are not going to be looking at the possibility of a third referendum."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to make sure that we are doing the right thing,\" he said."
"The city's population is expected to grow by about 10, 000, or about 1 percent of the city's total."
"\"We're going to be very, very, very careful about what we say,\" he said in an interview."
"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that."
"The number of people who have died in the past year is expected to rise to more than 1. 5 million by the end of the year, according to the World Health Organization."
"He said he was \"very concerned \"about the possibility of a Brexit and said he would be \"very careful \"about what he said about the EU."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new contract, which will be paid for by the government."
"The most important thing is to be able to go out and play and play well and play well in the second half, but we need to be ready for the next game."
