"But I want to know that I'm a good person and that I'm a good person in this room and that I'm not just a bad person, I'm a good person in this room."
"\"It's been a long time coming, but it's the best thing I've ever done,\" he said."
"The argument that the UK is better off outside the EU has been made by the Leave campaign and the Liberal Democrats."
"If you want to be a coach for the next five years, it's about giving back to the community."
"But it's hard to imagine that any of the companies would be happy to pay the same amount of money for the same products."
"But it's still a great opportunity to make a name for yourself and hopefully you get a little more recognition in the next couple of years."
"But if you're not a serious voter, you can't help but feel that way."
"I am happy for the players because I have been working hard to get better and to get back to the top level of the team."
"The decision to go to war with Russia comes as a surprise to many, and many people in the west have been concerned about the outcome of the Ukraine crisis."
"The U. S. economy added 1. 1 percent in the second quarter, the strongest pace since the beginning of the recession, but its growth rate slipped to 0. 7 percent in the first quarter of this year."
"It is also important to note that there is a lot of uncertainty about what will happen in the next four years."
"\"I'm just trying to get to a place where I can play and be my best self and just go out there and play,\" he said."
"\"I think we have a great opportunity now to go from being a country that has a long- term relationship with the United States to one that has a long- term relationship with Europe,\" he said."
"\"I think it's pretty clear what we're going to do and I think we're going to be very clear about it,\" he said."
"The same time period also showed that the economy grew faster than expected in the first quarter of 2016, rising 3. 5 percent."
"We want to win this series, so we're going to have to work hard for that,\" he said."
"But it is also the case that the majority of the people who are involved are Americans who are in a position to make a difference."
"\"This is the first time that we've been able to get a conviction out of this,\" he said."
"The West Coast was on pace to finish with a loss in 2016, but this was the first time in more than a decade that it has done so."
"He said he had been on the road for four years, had never seen anything like it and did not want to get into it."
"The Republican- led Congress is expected to vote on the bill on Monday, but the Senate will not be holding a hearing on the matter."
"In the middle of the day, I don't want to see my family suffer and I'm afraid."
"\"We're not looking for any answers, but we've got a lot of information to give,\" he said."
"He added:'When you get into the country you're not even aware of the reality of the issues facing you, you're just being told that you're going to get a nice car."
"He said: \"I have been talking to the police about this for a long time and I can't believe it has happened to me."
"But he said the procedure would take some time, and the Government was unlikely to sign off on the plan."
"We've been in contact with the police about the incident, they have been in contact with us and are providing support to the family."
"We were a little worried but we were determined to go to the game and we got a good look at the game and we made the right decision."
"It has been a while since I've done a full- time job and I think it's time to get back to work."
"He also said that the government had taken a decision to move away from a \"certain way \"and to allow people to live their own lives."
"But I would urge you to consider what you are doing and how you are going to do it."
"It was one of the few things that we've done that was not just good for our players, but the fans."
"\"I think it's a very interesting question because we have the world at our feet, we are living in a very different world from the world of politics,\" he said."
"\"I've never heard of a city that's not doing something to make it safer,\" he said."
"We can't stop people, but we can look after them and help them, and that's what I think we need to do."
"But that's not the case for the average American who is at home or in the workplace, where there is no need for a government- imposed cap on the number of hours of work a company can offer for employees."
"In addition, the government has pledged to boost the growth of the private- sector sector, and cut its annual cost by more than \u00a3 300 billion."
"The video has been viewed over 10 million times on YouTube, and it has been viewed more than 5, 000 times on Facebook."
"\"I think there's a great deal to be said for being so young and so young in the first place,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's the best thing that's happened in my life, but I was just so happy and excited."
"\"I've been working hard in my career to make sure that I'm able to get the best out of myself,\" he said."
"\"It's not a big deal, I'm not going to tell you about it,\" he said."
"The 35- year- old was diagnosed with the disease in December 2015 and has never previously been diagnosed in her life."
"\"This is a major change, it's very exciting,\" she said of the move to the new school."
"We're talking about a period of the campaign, when Hillary Clinton was running, and that's where the news cycle started."
"The European Union has already imposed sanctions on Russia over the conflict in Ukraine, and the sanctions were lifted on Wednesday."
"In the weeks since the event, Trump has been forced to defend his golf course, which has been a source of controversy."
"But I think it's a different era now, and it's a different time, and you have to find your own way."
"In the third quarter, Facebook added more ads than any other internet company, but its ads were still higher than Google's."
"If you're looking for a good time, it's a good time to come back to work and get a good night's sleep."
"\"You don't have to be an expert to know that a man can be a good husband,\" he said."
"In the past, she said, \"the first time I got to do it, I was nervous because I didn't know what I was doing."
"I'll say that the only thing I would like to do is to get the opportunity to go to a football match and play for Celtic."
"The company says that it has an average of more than 2. 5 million customers per day, and that it has more than 300, 000 registered customers."
"He said: \"We are now in a situation where we have to make a decision on whether we want to take part in the referendum."
"The city has a population of just over 1. 2 million, with some 50, 000 residents, mostly in rural areas."
"The couple's relationship with the teen- son was never formally revealed until recently, but the relationship was revealed last year by the Washington Post."
"The GOP nominee has not yet spoken with the candidates in a two- day event in New Hampshire."
"The company, which is owned by the Trump Organization, has said it will invest $ 40 million in new sites in the next two years."
"\"He's going to be out for the rest of his life,\" said one person close to the family."
"\"When I got my hair cut, my boyfriend said, \"That's great, but you can't do it now."
"But if you look at the list of the people who have been killed in the last year, we've got a lot more."
"I'm not saying the parents are the bad guys- I mean, they're the parents, and they're the parents are the bad guys."
"\"It's not like we're going to change anything in the world,\" said the 61- year- old."
"I think it's important to point out that some of those things we've done are in fact very much in fact good."
"\"I think we have to look at it, it's a different situation, but the way it is, it's not as bad as it could be,\" she said."
"The Bank of England has also raised interest rates, in the wake of the EU referendum result, to a record high of 0. 25 per cent."
"The White House said the U. N. Security Council would now have to decide whether to extend the Security Council's emergency resolution, which could be extended later this month."
"The government is expected to announce in early March its new policy for the time being, with the government pushing for a rate of inflation of 1 per cent, the lowest in the EU."
"But he said: \"The issue is not about what the party is going to do, but what the party's going to do."
"We're going to have to move this thing from the inside out, and we're going to have to take a step back and think about what we can do."
"\"It's a bit of a luxury to have a child and then get the advice of the other parent,\" he said."
"When I first heard the news, I thought it would be a great time to be a part of something special."
"I was so sad when I saw the box, but I'm going to keep working hard and try to do what I can to make sure I get back."
"He said: \"I am very happy with the performance of our players and I think that they deserve to be on the pitch."
"The pair met up at a pub in London, where they had a drink and then went on a date."
"But he was also a great friend, and he's a great person, and we've got a great team in place."
"\"I was thinking about what I would do if I were pregnant and the pressure I was under,\" he told the BBC."
"It's not that the women's game isn't important, but it's not the same as women's football."
"I'm not saying I would love to be a minister, but I would have to do that, and I think the government needs to do that."
"They're not going to get away with it, and we've got to do something about it."
"The current crisis, he said, was not just a matter of the UK's political leadership failing to act, but also a matter of the political leadership failing to act."
"The official said: \"It's a concern for everyone but there's no doubt that it's a concern for the whole of the Scottish economy."
"We're looking forward to seeing how it goes and will be discussing how we can improve it as well."
"And we want to continue to get people involved in the movement, and keep pushing back against the establishment."
"I will not be attending, and I don't know if I will be, but I will be speaking out and trying to put a stop to it."
"But I don't think he's really been given a chance to play the way that he's playing."
"\"I think the law was written for the court to make sure that all of these guys are living in the same area,\" he said."
"The government says it is doing everything possible to keep the children safe, but there are fears for their safety as well."
"\"I think we'll be looking to do something different this year, something different, and the people that I've spoken to have said they are not afraid to do that,\" he said."
"I'd been in the military, and I'd worked hard to get into the army, and I was still struggling."
"\"We're going to make sure that they can't do anything,\" he said, \"and they can't do anything until they get the money."
"\"I think it's a shame, it's been a long time coming, but I think it's a shame for the game,\" he said."
"He is a very nice guy, he is very good to us and I have never seen him do anything like this."
"'I can't wait to be part of this team and I know it will be a big opportunity to prove myself,' he said."
"You have to be prepared to see that the result is not only good for the football team but also good for the state."
"She was also criticised for her decision to wear a full- face head covering to her campaign event in the UK."
"We'll try to get the best out of each other and get the best out of ourselves, so it's going to be a good week."
"\"The most important thing is that he is a man of integrity, and a man of integrity, and I think he is, and I think we are going to make him the leader of our party,\" he said."
"It's not a small amount, but it's not enough to make the difference in the long run."
"The government says the law will give the authorities more powers to control what is and isn't illegal, but critics say the law will force them to fight for their rights."
"This is not just a matter of money, but the world, and that's what we have to be concerned about."
"\"I feel like I've put myself in a position where I need to win a lot more games to get here,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure it's a good idea to keep them, but we have to make sure we can protect them,\" he said."
"I have never been a big fan of any of those teams, but they are two of the best teams in the world."
"It's not clear how much of a difference the difference is, but it is a significant one."
"There are now no more than 50, 000 EU citizens in the UK, and a further 300, 000 in the EU- Ireland border."
"A lot of it comes down to where you have to be, but I do feel like I'm on a level playing field with the rest of the players."
"She added: \"We have been working very closely with our EU partners to ensure that the UK remains a member of the single market and we will continue to work closely with them."
"In the past year, the group has produced a collection of art works that it has donated to a museum in France."
"\"We are still working through the details of the investigation and we have no reason to believe that any charges will be brought,\" he said."
"And he said that the new system, which he said would save the United States $ 1. 2 billion over the next decade, would be \"much more \"effective than the current system."
"I can't believe it, and I am so proud of myself that I can't believe it, but I know it's not my fault."
"The president- elect also took to Twitter to attack the media, calling for a public debate on the issue."
"It is not clear whether the investigation is related to the UK's investigation of the Brussels bombings, which killed 32 people, as well as the UK's handling of the inquiry into the Paris attacks."
"The US has been pushing for a new, free trade agreement with China that would allow the country to trade with the rest of the world."
"The investigation into the incident, which was initially reported by the paper, is still ongoing, according to the police."
"I'm going to keep fighting, and I'll be fighting for my life, and I will fight for the life of this country, and I will fight for the life of this country for the life of this country."
"The last thing you want to do is give away a match that you didn't win and then turn the other one over."
"The best thing about that is that you can't have a conversation with a woman about the way you're feeling."
"The new rules, which were approved by the New York State Department of Health, will apply to public health agencies in New York, Illinois, Indiana and Utah."
"The 30- year- old's wife and two sons are said to have been involved in the bombing, the AFP news agency reported."
"The 26- year- old former Celtic striker is a big name in English football and is expected to be the Premier League's biggest name."
"I would love to have a kid like that, but I know it's not a problem for me."
"It's really about where we're at in terms of the next step, the next step for the future of the club."
"The manager is a very good manager and he's been doing a great job for me, he's got a lot of experience."
"I'm sure he'll tell me what he sees when he sees me and he'll tell me how to do it and I'll just do it, because I don't want to be in that position."
"The company's annual report on Wednesday showed the number of jobs created in the first quarter was 2. 6 million, compared with a 3. 6 million increase in the first quarter of 2015 and a 1. 5 million increase in the same period"
"In an interview with The Times, she said:'I can't tell you how many times I've had a sexual assault."
"The decision was taken after the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in favour of the government of the day, and it's unclear whether the case will be heard in the Supreme Court."
"The U. N. Security Council has condemned the attacks on the U. N. headquarters, including the one in Brussels, which killed 32 people."
"The project will include a system of more than 1, 000 public and private buildings across the city."
"\"It's not like I'm going to do anything with my life,\" she said in a recent interview."
"I've had people tell me that if I don't do it, they'll come back and put me in jail."
"\"I don't want to see the two- year- old get hurt,\" he said."
"And I think it's a great thing for the fans to see what we've got going on, which is really exciting."
"The two- year- old is now being treated for shock and is expected to survive the attack, a spokesman for the Turkish coast guard told CNN."
"He is in a good place and we will see how he goes and that is what I am waiting for."
"But I'm not sure if he's going to have a very good season and, in the end, it's a good thing."
"\"I've had a lot of people tell me that they're tired of my voice and my things, and I've said that before,\" she said."
"The situation in Syria, where the EU has been accused of supporting the Assad regime, is a \"lose- lose \"for the EU."
"It's not clear whether the family was under the influence of drugs or if the girl was abused or drunk."
"The city of 1. 7 million people has a population of more than 1. 5 million and is home to the world's second- largest oil industry."
"He said he didn't know if the person had been in contact with the person who had been killed, but he was sure that it was not the same person."
"She has been in the same position since she was 14 and, in turn, she has been in the same position since she was 21."
"I've been there for 10 years and I'm still here and I still have a lot of people watching me."
"I think there's a big difference between the two of us and I think it's important to note that it's not the same thing."
"\"I am so sad that I am not able to support my family and I am not able to work full time,\" the star wrote."
"\"I don't know what the best course of action is, I'm just going to try and get my team out there and do what I can to make it better for myself,\" he said."
"I mean, there are a lot of people who don't believe in the system, who have been there, who are just trying to get ahead."
"When you have a woman who is running the country and you're running the country and you're running the country, you're not doing a good job."
"The European Union is seeking a new deal on the situation of migrants in the Mediterranean Sea, amid fears that they will enter Greece and Italy as refugees."
"The Daily Telegraph understands the first woman to receive a baby girl was a mum from the UK, and the second a woman from the US."
"\"We are pleased to announce that we have signed a new agreement which will see our trade with the UK increase by \u00a3 1. 3 billion over the next three years,\" he said."
"The final assessment will be carried out in the coming weeks but we can expect to see further details of the plans in coming weeks."
"\"I think we've just got to be more consistent and be a little more consistent,\" he said."
"\"You have to have your own identity, you have to be a good person, and you have to be able to speak your truth,\" he said."
"In the short term, the Fed will likely raise rates again, but only if the economy continues to grow at a healthy rate."
"This was a clear sign that there was a problem with the family's finances and the family was not allowed to move."
"The company is expected to announce a recall of its products in early 2017, but it's not clear when that will be."
"You have a young girl who is desperate to make her first appearance in a major media event and she's not taking any chances."
"A 17- year- old boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries but has since been released from hospital."
"The country's defense minister said Tuesday that he is \"not aware of any actual military operation in the area,\" Reuters reported."
"This is the first time in my career where I've been able to do that in the same way as the other guys."
"The average time it takes an employee to get an appointment with a local NHS nurse was 30 minutes, compared with a UK average of 30. 5."
"I have a feeling I will get a bit of time to think about it, as I haven't had a chance to think about it at all."
"The U. S. Justice Department has begun a civil rights investigation into the shooting, but it remains unclear whether the shootings were the result of a hate crime."
"The government is also expected to issue an interim report before the end of the year, which will also look at how to improve public services."
"The government is expected to announce plans to strengthen the defence budget in the coming weeks, and to increase the share of defence spending on the national defence budget."
"\"I think we should be in a position where we're not seeing that kind of shift, but it's definitely a concern for us,\" he said."
"If you look at the last few years, the biggest growth has been in China, where the size of the population has grown by 10 percent."
"But if the government does not act quickly, it could end up with a government that is more concerned about what people think than it is about what the government thinks."
"I just feel like it's my responsibility to do everything I can to make sure that I'm getting everything I can out of this program."
"A \"broader threat to Australia's security \"is also likely to have been a key factor in the Brexit vote."
"But, like so many others, she is working to turn the project into an event, a celebration of the musical, and a chance to share some of her own personal stories."
"The last time the two sides met was in the 1998 World Cup quarter- final, when the nations were tied 4- 4."
"He said that, despite the slow growth of the NHS in England, it would be a mistake to believe that the country's health service is in decline."
"The FBI is working with the Justice Department and other law enforcement agencies to identify those responsible for the deadly attacks on Sept."
"In the end, the fact that you can't make up your mind about the fact you can't get the job done is not a reason to panic."
"The only thing I would like to say to him is, you know, I don't want to see that happen."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that this is a country that's going to be a very, very happy place,\" he said."
"He also has a little bit to do with the British public's reaction to the referendum result, which was seen as a referendum on the EU and the UK's membership of the EU."
"The victim was then rushed to hospital where she was later diagnosed with cancer, which is still being treated."
"The index of emerging- market companies rose 0. 9 per cent, its fastest pace for three weeks."
"The Pentagon said the strikes were carried out to protect the base from a possible attack by the Islamic State."
"If we're going to go the extra mile, it's not going to be easy to get to the top."
"The Scottish Government has said it will take action if a deal falls short of its target of 25% of the UK's GDP in oil and gas."
"The biggest change in the US election is not the election of Donald Trump, but the impact of the election on the economy."
"We have a lot of players that are really talented and we are trying to improve and we have a lot of guys who are developing at the right time."
"The father of a U. S. Navy captain who was killed in the Iraq War has called for a special prosecutor to investigate the deaths of other service men."
"And then he didn't come to the table and we had to come to the table and he had to come to the table and I said, \"No, we're not going to be able to come to the table."
"This has been a great opportunity for me to build on the positive things I've learned from this experience and move on to the next step."
"The potential for a crisis is highlighted by the fact that the Reserve Bank of Australia has already cut its short- term interest rate from zero to 0. 75 per cent."
"But he said: \"I'm sure the majority of people will be saying this is an issue that we should be working on."
"The city's population was estimated at 1. 4 million in 2014, down from 2. 4 million in 1999."
"In the United States, the average age of entry into the labor force is 65, compared with 26 for the average age of entry for the United Kingdom."
"And I'm not sure if I'm saying it's the best thing to do for our party, but we're in it together."
"He's an exciting player, but he's also a good player, and I think he has to work at being able to play on the wing."
"\"You have to be really careful with the amount of what you give the people who don't like you,\" he said."
"The council's financial planning committee last week estimated that its operating budget would be \u00a3 40 million under the current terms."
"A British mother who was raped by her husband in a London hotel room has been granted bail by the Metropolitan Police."
"I've always been a big advocate for people who have a disability and I'm delighted that we can now work with them on a project to help them live a normal life."
"But the country is facing a crisis of identity, and it's not just one of identity, it's the way in which it is being lost."
"The government has been unable to obtain the documents for months because the Senate has not yet passed a bill to do so."
"I hope that by the time the referendum is held in May, the political situation will be different and that the negotiations will be easier, as I have said."
"It's been a difficult few weeks for my family, I have been unable to go on holiday with my wife and two young children."
"\"The hope is we're going to get a deal, but we don't know if that's going to happen or not,\" he said."
"\"We have a problem in this country that is not going away, it is going to grow,\" he said."
"But the reason the two sides are on opposite sides is that they're both trying to make it a little bit easier for the other."
"We've been here a year, we've been here for six months now and we've got a lot of work to do."
"And if the Republican Party can't find a way to secure a majority in November, the only way forward is to change our party rules."
"A court in the Netherlands has ordered a German tourist to return home after he was arrested for the first time in the country."
"A lot of it is about the players, but there's also the support of the fans and the fans want to see us perform and they want to see us perform."
"I'm sure the Government will be disappointed but at the moment I don't think it will change my mind."
"The latest survey of economists from the Bank of Canada found that the economy grew at a 2. 9 per cent annual rate in the third quarter of 2015, well above the 2. 9 per cent growth that economists had forecast in the second quarter"
"\"I think it's a wonderful thing that you're still in this community, that we're still in this country,\" she said."
"The most important thing to me was to get back in the Premier League and get a result and it's been a long time coming."
"It's not that I'm a bad person, I'm just not a good person, but I've got a lot of bad experiences."
"'I've been with her for over two years now and she's always been amazing, and I just can't wait for the day when we can have a baby."
"\"We're going to find out what's going on and hopefully get them to the bottom of what happened,\" he added."
"And I'm not saying that is the right thing to do, because we have a really strong economy right now."
"I think it's not surprising that Trump was so focused on this particular issue that he was able to do so on the campaign trail."
"But with the internet, there's a lot of people who are happy to share their stories with the world."
"I think they have a lot of good players and I think they'll get some good results as well."
"\"There's no way I would have won that one,\" he said, adding that he was still \"not sure \"if he would win it."
"\"I've never seen a man so young as he's done this,\" he said of the two- year- old."
"He said he had been in touch with Mr Johnson and the pair were in touch when they were approached by the police about the incident."
"We want to be able to bring our own children out and look back and say, how much has been spent on the children's education?"
"The move follows a separate appeal from the Scottish government in October to the Scottish Government to help secure the necessary funding for the development of the new site."
"But the fact that we're sitting at a conference on climate change, I think that's a sign that there's a real problem."
"I'm not sure what it is, but it's the first time I have been in the room where I've seen my wife and my children."
"It was then that I realised that I'd been thinking about it for a very long time and that the film wasn't actually about that."
"If I can't stay in this place, then I can't go to the front door and I can't go to the car."
"I think it's a good way to get a better sense of the players, and what they want to do, and what the manager wants to do."
"\"The effect of the referendum on us is that we now have to do our own business and to do that in a way that we can be sure of doing,\" he said."
"\"I'm just trying to get the ball and make the right plays,\" he said after his first game back from a back injury."
"I am not sure if they are going to give us a deal, but I think we need to have a look."
"We know that many of the people who have died are not necessarily related to the war but may have been victims of it."
"I've been going back and trying to find the truth about this for years and years and years, and I've found it."
"A: Well, you know, I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think there is a risk of it becoming a cultural thing."
"It's not just that I'm not really getting my head around it, it's just that I'm not able to get my head around it."
"We've seen it on the ground in the past and we've been waiting for the right time to show off what we've got."
"In one way or another, the only way we can fix the problem is to look at the broader issue, to understand what has been happening, and to look at the broader issues and to make changes."
"I think it's a good thing that we're doing something on a massive scale to change the way we eat and drink."
"In the past, a bank had to pay a penalty of 15 per cent of its profits to the customer, and the customer would have to pay another 20 per cent."
"He is a nice guy and I hope he will continue to help me and my family and we will see how it goes."
"This week, the U. S. State Department said it was investigating whether the government had been preparing for the alleged chemical attack."
"We will continue to work with the law enforcement agencies, the community, and the local communities to ensure the safety of all guests."
"The American football team and the American people have a right to know what's going on in the world."
"The main point of the report is the need for governments to work together to protect vulnerable populations from the threats that come with climate change."
"We've had some great games in the last few weeks and hopefully we can continue to build on that and keep improving."
"It is the first time in the club's history that a player has won the award in the first round of the Champions League."
"The number of people who are in a home is still very small, but it is growing in every area of the country."
"I'm sure I could have played and been in the World Cup and gone and done it all but I didn't."
"\"When you're trying to figure out what's going on, you've got to be aware of what's going on,\" he said."
"The other option is to open up the platform and have a new way of doing things, and we've got that."
"The British government, however, has not yet said if it will take action against the company."
"The European Union has said it will block Britain's access to the single market if it leaves the EU, and has said it will also block any UK deal with the EU."
"And when you're thinking about how to get your kids out of trouble, you should think about how to get them to work."
"We're not going to get a good job and we're not going to get a good life, and you're not going to get a good job."
"She said she had been able to see her husband and was worried that they were going to be arrested or killed."
"\"We have to start thinking about how to make sure that if we are going to be in the Olympics, we're in the Games,\" he said."
"That's not a bad start, but I'll try and get some more work done, and I'll try and do it this week."
"The leaders of the two biggest parties in the Scottish Parliament will have a chance to speak out over the Brexit deal after the result was announced."
"\"You've got to think about what you're going to do next and how you're going to handle it,\" he said."
"It's been a tough year for the players and the fans but we can't let this happen again."
"The idea is that you're not so much writing about one thing as you're writing about how it all works."
"In fact, many of those who have been waiting for a chance to start a family- or have no intention of doing so- are now."
"There are still some things to do in the next few weeks, and we need to get on with it and see what happens."
"The Scottish Government has said it is committed to continuing to work with Scotland's leading research universities to develop and deliver the best possible outcomes for our students."
"In the absence of any evidence of such an event, it's unlikely that any of these two will ever be seen again."
"\"We know we're not going to be able to compete,\" he said of a league that has fallen short of the goal."
"The Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton, also recently signed on with a campaign promise to cut taxes for the middle class, while also promising to pay for infrastructure spending and expand Social Security."
"It is a hard one but if we don't play like this then it will be a long time before we get a win."
"It's not just that people are taking advantage of this problem, it's that it is becoming a problem for the rest of us."
"\"I will not put a price on my life, no matter what the price is,\" he told a rally in North Carolina."
"\"I have to admit, I was nervous at first because I thought I'd been given a good job,\" she said."
"If you're not sure what you need to do, don't go out and do it."
"He said he was shocked by the photos, but would like to have seen them on the internet."
"If you're in the market for a new car, there's a good chance you won't be able to get it on the market."
"The fact that it is a great success, is a big achievement, but I am very proud of the fact that I am a citizen of the United States."
"'I'm not sure how I could have missed it, but I'm happy I didn't."
"It's not just the local economy, and the local economy has to be made more diverse because we need to make sure that people who are coming in need of help are also able to find help, and people who are not coming in need"
"But as you can see from the table, the costs of the most expensive treatments are not necessarily the same as the costs of the least expensive treatments."
"That means you can never have too many choices, and that the only way to be happy is to make a few."
"It's not as if I'm saying that's a bad thing, but I don't think it's that bad."
"He said: \"If you look at the numbers, it's not the same as the UK Government's own figures."
"The United States and Russia, along with Iran, have imposed sanctions on the North, but North Korea has not yet conducted a missile launch."
"We're very, very proud of that, but we have to make sure that we're doing everything we can to protect our own community."
"\"I don't think there's a better way to say the truth about who we are and what we stand for,\" he said."
"This week, the government will release an updated version of its report, which it expects to be published by the end of the year."
"In order to get the job done, he has to go to another place, and he can't go there without the help of the mayor."
"\"The last two years we've had a very bad start,\" he said, adding that the country's economy is still growing."
"\"I don't know if it's the right move,\" he said, adding that he plans to keep his promise to the players."
"\"The problem with the world is that it's so complicated,\" he said, \"and people can't figure out the answers."
"\"I would like to think that, after all the time I've been here, I've had the opportunity to have the best work of any leader in history,\" he said."
"I'm really grateful that I've got a bit of a leg up and I'm looking forward to getting back to playing tennis again."
"I have no problem with this, but it is the government's job to protect the public from the kind of abuse that the government is doing."
"The World Health Organization has estimated that as many as 2. 5 million people are infected with the Zika virus."
"But at the same time, he added, it is \"not appropriate \"for the UK government to assume the responsibility for the UK's EU membership negotiations."
"But the authorities say they are doing everything they can to keep the money safe, and that it is in the best interest of the country."
"\"I think the girls are really good, they've got good legs and they're coming out to the game,\" he said."
"The move follows a court ruling that a couple had failed to prove they had been sexually abused in the 1970s."
"A big part of it is the way we've been playing this year and the way we're going to be playing in the future."
"The company's share price rose to $ 1. 46 in early trading on Tuesday, the best performance since July."
"And a lot of the people who have been doing that are doing it for a very long time and it's just not going to happen."
"It's also important to note that if you are trying to get a hold of your money, you're not alone."
"\"I think it's important to have a real conversation with the American people about what's going on and how we can best serve our communities,\" she said."
"The government has previously pledged to increase the number of passengers allowed to board a bus by 20 per cent by 2020."
"I'll take a look at the numbers, but I'm not going to change anything,\" he said."
"The Justice Department's civil rights division in Atlanta filed a civil rights lawsuit against the city, which was in the process of developing a new police chief."
"And even if the league did not have to pay for the time, it would still have to pay for the player's legal fees."
"But in the end, we don't know whether the Republican presidential nominee is actually serious about taking on ISIS or just a bad guy."
"The last time I went to a festival I was at a club, and I've seen people go out and dance."
"I didn't really have much time to do anything, so it was just me and my friends."
"And he said that the government had provided him with a list of all the people who had had affairs and who were still in it."
"The researchers said the findings were the first to show that the sun is less active in the South Pacific than previously believed."
"It is not clear, however, whether the woman was in possession of the gun when she was shot, which is not known to the police."
"He said the companies had agreed to share the costs of their operations, which will cost $ 400 million annually, with the federal government."
"The study found that women who had a high- protein diet had a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes, and men who had a low- protein diet had a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said: \"We can confirm that a 17- year- old boy is in custody at a south London police station."
"The first minister said he wanted to get to know the future of the country and the people, and that he was \"ready to make the best of it \"if he was elected."
"It's a great opportunity for the other teams to show off their talent and show that they can play with a lot more talent than we've seen in this tournament."
"\"There's a lot of people who are going to be disappointed with the decision we've made,\" he said."
"I think we've been very lucky to get it out of the way, and I think we're very lucky to have been able to do that."
"He said he was trying to find a way to get his name out there for the public to see, but couldn't find a way to get his son out."
"It's not only the culture that's affected, it's the culture of the sport, which is why we're seeing so much of it."
"It's a big task, but we have to take a lot of pride in the fact that we are winning."
"The U. S. Supreme Court has previously ruled that states can't bar same- sex couples from having the same marriage license."
"In fact, a lot of people think it's OK to have sex with someone you love if you're under the age of consent."
"\"It was a shock to the whole family, so it's nice to get a little bit of closure,\" he said."
"The two were accused of running a \"voter fraud \"campaign in 2013 and 2014 that involved false voter registration forms and mail- in voting machines, according to court documents."
"The government is pushing to build a new industrial strategy to help it meet its target of reaching 100 per cent renewable electricity by 2020."
"A key concern among the parents is whether the child's parents will have a say in the decision to take the child to school."
"A judge ruled that the couple had been given the right to live with their two grown children in their London flat, but had not been given the right to buy a house in the UK."
"The president- elect's pick for secretary of state, US Senator from Florida, has already been described as a potential threat to democracy."
"\"I think it's the first time I've been able to do it since I was a child,\" he said."
"The most recent EU statistics show a 13% increase in the number of people travelling to the UK from the EU during the last 12 months."
"But he had been preparing for the possibility of a victory at the Rio Olympics and the idea of the future for months."
"We're going to do the same thing, and we're going to bring more people to this country, and we're going to bring more jobs, and we're going to get more people to the table."
"I'm still working on it, and I don't want to put too much time and energy into it."
"When you have a player that is in the top six, you think, what are you going to do with that?"
"I think I would be a bit better off going to the Olympics if I could just get some of the work done."
"There is also a risk of further damage to the property, which is owned by the family, with the dog's owner on the run."
"The firm has been working with the Scottish Government on the development of the new plane and is planning to give the aircraft to the Scottish Government."
"If you want to do something for the family, then you need to make a commitment to the family and that's what I did."
"As a result, it is extremely important to us to ensure that we are not only providing the best possible service to our customers but to ensure that our customers are fully informed about what is being done."
"\"We've got to play our game and keep playing our game and we're going to play our game,\" he said."
"\"If I don't win, I'll have to take a little time to recover from that,\" he said."
"And the answer to that, I think, is really the same answer: It's not a perfect picture, it's not a perfect picture that you can see and that's not a good picture."
"We are a team that needs to play well, that is the most important thing, but we also need to play well, and we have to play well in the second half of games, and that is the reason why we are so disappointed"
"We need to do everything we can to get the best out of him, but we're not going to have the best out of him."
"In a separate development, the board of the Canadian National University was told Wednesday that the school had received a $ 1 million gift from the Trump Organization."
"But it's a great feeling, not to have the back row back, you know?"
"The government has already imposed a tax on the sale of chocolate bars that is expected to hit 3. 7 million bars in the next four years."
"\"If I can make an argument for why we should have a free trade agreement with China, then I think we should be OK with that,\" he said."
"I'm not sure that we'll have a real clear plan of action, but I'm hopeful that we will."
"\"We need to be able to identify the right people and get them to the right place,\" she said."
"I will always stand up for my rights as a woman and I will never stop fighting for them and will always stand up for myself, so we can be a better nation and a better world."
"The 23- year- old has scored four times in his last two games and has played in just one of the Premier League's five games this season."
"It's a real shame because we didn't have a good run in the last two weeks and I didn't have a good run in the last two weeks but that was the one."
"I'd love to have a few years in the White House, but I don't think it would be right."
"When the kid is doing well, it's not a big deal because he is playing in the team."
"I'm sure a lot of people have been saying that, but there's no way of telling."
"He has also been in the spotlight for his controversial comments about women, but his return to the spotlight has been viewed by many as a sign of his lack of interest in politics."
"The American Academy of Arts and Sciences said it had welcomed the awards, saying it had received more than $ 100 million in support from the federal government."
"\"We need to get on with the job of delivering justice for the people of Flint,\" the governor said in a statement."
"But it's an exciting time to be a parent, and it's a great way to start learning about how your child is doing."
"As the evening wore on, she was told she would have to wait an extra two hours before she was allowed to fly."
"In one case, the woman had a \"high level of anxiety \"as the mother's children were attending a church."
"If you go out on the street and you're running late, you'll probably end up with a drink or two."
"The Scottish Government said the SNP would seek to ensure all schools in Scotland were fully funded to meet the needs of the future."
"He had been in Syria for three years and had been in contact with a number of groups, including the Islamic State, on behalf of the Syrian government."
"If you want to be a successful teacher, you have to earn a decent salary and work hard, and that's the only way to do that."
"It's like when you're in a band and you're getting a call that someone's going to be here for a few days."
"\"We would not have had a candidate who was prepared to be honest with the American people,\" he said."
"In the United States, the most recent data from the Office of Management and Budget show a 2. 4 percent increase in the deficit."
"A small team of scientists has been working to figure out what kind of materials would be used to make the devices."
"\"If you're not at home, then you're not going to be able to see your family,\" he said."
"I'm a little nervous because I've played for the first time in my life, but I'm looking forward to it."
"I'm not a fan of the idea that it's impossible, but it's definitely possible."
"You've got to be a little bit more professional, but I'm just going to try and keep playing, and hopefully I'll be on the bench for a while."
"She said she had decided to go to a doctor at her local hospital and ask for a test to see if she could have a baby."
"The team will be looking to win a third consecutive championship in 2017, which is the most they have ever had."
"\"I would like to see a government that says we can't have any more of this stuff,\" he says."
"The policy is part of a broader effort by the United States to prevent a conflict that could lead to a war that would kill as many as 2. 5 million people."
"In the aftermath of the Brussels attacks, the mayor of Brussels, who was being supported by the police, said he would not let the police officers go free."
"The event will be held in Paris, with a crowd of between 50, 000 and 100, 000 people in line for the event."
"\"It's going to be very difficult for us to go in and play at this level because we've got a lot of experience,\" he said."
"It is thought that the majority of people who arrived in Italy in the past six months have been migrants who have taken part in illegal activities, such as joining organised crime."
"\"You can't trust people to come to your house,\" he said of the anti- immigrant sentiment in the city."
"\"I had a great time, I got to know the area, I got to meet people who were in there, I got to see the people that are in there, and I think it's really nice,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's fair for anyone to have to go through what I've gone through,\" he said."
"\"We are going to continue to do everything in our power to improve the quality of life for people in the communities we serve,\" he said."
"We're not too worried about that, we're just focused on the club and I think we'll be looking forward to that."
"And it's not just the women's game, the men's game is at risk as well."
"It is important to remember that the EU is not an official body of the EU, but rather a part of the EU."
"It's a good place to stay, and it's a nice place to live, but we've never done it here before,\" she says."
"\"The political process is complex, and we need to get on with the job of bringing the British people together,\" he said."
"That's the only way that you can go in the league, but it's the only way I'm going to be able to play."
"In the last few days of the year, we've been really good at it and I'm very proud of the performance."
"I think we can all agree that there is no point having a game of football if there is no real competition."
"I had been told to go back to the hotel but I had no choice- we were staying in a hotel and I had to get back to the hotel."
"But the average time it takes for a plane to get to your destination is only one hour, with the average time of travel from the US to Cuba being around two hours."
"I think we're looking at a very good player and a player that has made his name playing in the Premier League."
"The government, which wants to have a majority of seats in the assembly, has said the assembly will be split into two- party- and coalition- governments."
"There is no doubt the Prime Minister is right to be concerned about the impact of Brexit on the UK and indeed the wider European economy."
"I don't want to be left out, but I have to respect the decision that's taken."
"\"I think it's important for us to do what we've always done and get back to what we've always done,\" he said."
"He added:'The suspect was a male aged 20- 30 years old and was killed in the early hours of the morning."
"The United States and Russia are expected to meet in Moscow next week to discuss the Syrian crisis."
"The FBI is investigating a possible connection between the Trump campaign and Russia's attempt to damage Clinton's presidential campaign."
"They are not going to come to your house and kill you, they're going to kill your dog."
"\"I think if we can get the economy going, it's going to be a good thing,\" he said."
"A similar system was in place at the University of Chicago in the 1990s, but was abandoned after a decade when the university started allowing students to use the computer system."
"I can't really say how long I've been in the league and what my goals are, I have to wait until I get older."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say and do on social media,\" she told BBC Radio 4's Today programme."
"We're the second biggest state in the union and we are the only one of the four to have voted for Trump."
"But it's going to be a tough game, because you don't want to be in a position where you have to go out and do things."
"The result is that the most important thing that people need to know is that the Bank of England has increased the rate of interest rates."
"The two teams were expected to meet in the first round of the World Cup in Brazil in July, but the second round was delayed to July 3."
"The Syrian government says it has lost two- thirds of the country's territory, and that its forces are already there."
"The company has already announced plans to close most of its production in China, and the company is also targeting to close 30% of its U. S. plants."
"\"This was the first time that I had been to this part of the world, I was there a long time, I didn't see anything wrong with it,\" she said."
"We've got a lot of good players, and we've got to get the right one here, and that's the guy who can make the difference."
"\"It's a very tough job, but it's the right one,\" he said of the task."
"It has been the subject of intense criticism in the past from politicians and politicians have often said that it is not in their best interest to have a high profile celebrity in a role."
"\"We're not going to go to the trouble of making a judgment on a legal issue,\" he said."
"That's because, as the minutes show, it is a clear and present danger to the British public, and that's why we need to make sure we get tough with this Government."
"I was really excited about the opportunity and I'm really excited about the opportunity to work with a new manager and this club."
"\"I think the only thing we can do is wait and see what comes out of this,\" he said."
"I was excited about the opportunity to start a company that was just starting to really grow and have some good people around me."
"It's just the fact that I can play against anybody, and it's the only way to be able to do it, so it's just fun."
"The woman is thought to have travelled with the man to the same city as a group of teenagers, who filmed the encounter."
"It was not clear whether the officials were not aware of the $ 35 million payment, but the Justice Department said it was made public."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a big deal if we make the most of it,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by around 20 percent in the past year, but have risen in recent weeks as a result of a surge in demand for its products."
"\"We are very disappointed that a woman has been placed on the street and we are not able to speak with her,\" the club said in a statement."
"In addition, the U. S. has been hosting a number of international terrorism talks over the past several years."
"\"I can't say that I would have given up my life to give a speech like that to a child,\" she said."
"If you've been looking for a new job, it might be the time to consider moving."
"And then I thought, what if I could get away with it and let my kids do the talking?"
"The presidential candidates were discussing their policies on gun control, which Obama said he would sign into law next week."
"I'm not going to say that, but I think there is some degree to that."
"He has been unable to stop the movement of the ball but has not stopped the pace of the game and has never let the ball go."
"And she said she was confident in her ability to keep the House in Democratic hands, even if it was too close to the Republican side."
"\"I'm going to be doing everything I can to get it back to where it should be,\" he said."
"I'm not sure that it's really possible for me to have a baby and I think it's a really good thing for me to be here."
"I think it's time we put a lot more pressure on ourselves to do a good job, and that's what we're doing."
"But if you're a woman, you're going to have to get over yourself and take care of your body."
"\"I'd be a happy parent, but I don't think it's the way to be,\" she says."
"\"I don't know what the proper way to answer that question,\" said the woman, who asked not to be identified for security reasons."
"There's a lot of people who have said to me that I've never seen a better team."
"\"If you want to have a baby, you're going to have to go through the courts,\" she said."
"He added that he was not surprised by the rise of the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, who is also a member of the new coalition."
"\"We have a lot of people who have moved in and are now in our village,\" he said."
"\"I've never been more excited about being a dad than I am now,\" she said."
"The new Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, was asked whether the party would be prepared to negotiate a deal with the European Union to end the EU referendum campaign."
"I think it's really important for people who have been through a lot of trauma to have a look at what's going on."
"It was the first time she had been in such a situation, and she had been in the car for four months."
"\"I have never been in a situation where I had to vote for someone who I thought was a fraud,\" she told the BBC."
"\"When we are thinking about the future, we have to think about what the future is going to be like for us,\" he said."
"That's why we are looking for ways to make our roads safer and more efficient for our people and our businesses."
"\"It's a whole different set of circumstances, and we're going to make sure we get the best possible deal for everybody,\" he added."
"He told the BBC:'I have been a father for 18 years and I would never do anything to harm my child."
"I've always said I'd like to play in the league, but it's my last chance to do that."
"But I think it's a big step up for us, because the guys that we have now, they're like, we don't know what's going to happen."
"He said that the group had been following him since the early 1990s and had only recently started following him, but that he had never been in danger."
"But a study from Harvard University and others has shown that people who have high levels of sugar in their diet can have a lot more heart disease than people who have no sugar in their diet."
"I don't know what happened or what the cause of the accident was, but I've been doing this for a long time."
"But there's no doubt that the struggle for the Labour leadership has been fierce and the battle for a new general election is in the making."
"\"I think we are going to see a lot more of this kind of thing, and I think it will be a lot more of it,\" he said."
"When I was growing up, I would go out and see my grandfather and his family, and I would always wonder how they would know my grandfather."
"\"I don't know if it's the same, but I'm not sure,\" he said."
"The UN has called on the Syrian government to respect international humanitarian law and restore civilian life in Aleppo and is urging for a ceasefire."
"It's good to get into that and get to know him and learn from him and hopefully I can get a good start in training."
"I think it is going to be a real test for the Labour Party for the next few days and I am sure it is going to be a real test for the Liberal Democrats."
"\"I don't think it's been in the best of form,\" he said, adding that he had been thinking about the prospect of playing in the Champions League."
"The White House has said the U. S. military would not be sending ground troops to fight in Syria if the country did not give permission for the U. S. to take part in peace talks."
"I'm not saying I wouldn't want to go back to the Scottish Cup, but I'm saying that there's a lot of talent in Scotland."
"The U. S. president and his top advisers have been pushing for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country."
"As a result, the number of people seeking treatment for a mental health condition has fallen to its lowest level in more than a century."
"The first was the meeting between the US and the Iranian leader, which was dominated by the Iran- US relationship."
"\"I had a very good feeling about him, and I was trying to make him feel better,\" she said."
"It's not the first time that Donald Trump has been caught up in the controversy surrounding his family's businesses."
"In a press release issued late Wednesday, the company said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal."
"He's got a lot of experience, and he's got a good shot in the playoffs, and he's got to be ready to play."
"We want to try to win on the road and if we can do that we can be one win away from a title."
"\"I was thinking that, at least in the next five years, it would be possible for me to become president,\" she says."
"\"We've had a lot of good performances and we've got to be really careful with what we say about the state of the game,\" he said."
"And that's the real question- what is the benefit to the United States if we're not part of the deal?"
"And then she was pregnant, and I was the one that gave her the call and the first call, and it was great."
"The prime minister said the Government would take the extra time to set out its proposals for a Brexit and would also make changes to the terms of Brexit negotiations."
"We've had a lot of good players, so I feel like I'm good enough to do it."
"But it's unclear how much of the cash will actually go to the children's health care."
"I'm going to be doing that this year and hopefully I can get a lot of those guys ready to play."
"As a result, the party won only 40 seats in the House and won just 22 of the more than 3, 000 MPs who were elected as a whole."
"The children's play area has been cleared and the building has been evacuated, he said."
"The study found that more than half of all the children were referred for health services in the last year, while another quarter were referred for health services in the year before."
"'I didn't get any money and then I did get a phone call from him, but I was not given any money so I can't really say what happened."
"We will never know the full extent of the damage done to the village, but it is clear that the damage was not as bad as the media has claimed."
"The same is true of the process by which the information is collected and shared, but the process for sharing the information is different."
"\"There is a lot of money involved with the project,\" Mr. Taylor said, noting that the project will cost the city $ 1 billion."
"It's all about the movement, and we all know that's not a good way to get a win."
"The city's mayor is facing questions over the decision to move the office of the governor of the Republic of Ireland from the state house to the local government."
"But the price of oil has fallen by more than half since the OPEC meeting, to $ 40 a barrel, and Saudi Arabia is not expected to go into the market with oil at the top of its list of cutting options."
"I want to make sure we have a good working relationship with the Russians, and if they want to have a good working relationship with us, then they can do that."
"The Swedish prosecutor's office says the man, who was a passenger in the car, was the first to die."
"The group, which had been planning to launch a new website in January, has been hit by a flood of donations."
"\"The fact that we have a big country like China, and a big economy like the United States, is a good thing,\" he said."
"But the move has been met with fierce resistance by some of the country's most conservative politicians."
"If you don't have access to the internet, you're unlikely to get the best deals on what you need."
"The council's proposed new \u00a3 3, 500- a- week pay for a junior doctor would be higher, it said."
"The challenge for the future of Britain's membership of the EU is that it must be viewed as a key part of the European project."
"\"We've been very clear that this is a really important issue and we're going to be working very closely with the local authorities to get this right,\" he said."
"That is why it is important to give a lot of attention to the fact that we are the only country in the world that has managed to protect its people from the Zika virus."
"The survey, carried out between November and December 2015, found that people were increasingly concerned about the health of the EU and their own country."
"I'm going to stand up and do the right thing for the children of the state and for all of New York."
"The German government is expected to issue a statement on the case on Thursday, but the death penalty is not on the agenda."
"If you're going to make a film, you've got to be able to tell a story that's telling a story in a way that you can't tell in the traditional sense."
"I've seen it happen before, and it's not a big deal, but it's not easy to live with."
"The money for the loan will be used to expand the school's network of community schools and further education."
"We've been pretty lucky with that, but we've got a lot of other things to do."
"It was a great year for the players, and we've got to get better every week to get back into the top four."
"It has been reported that he told the school's staff that he had no knowledge of the incident and had not been in touch with the school's staff."
"In the past two years alone, the company has raised $ 13. 6 billion in a series of round- the- world deals."
"'There's not much of a story to tell because there's nothing that's going to make us feel more at peace,' she said."
"\"We have to make sure that the people of Flint are safe and we're not going to allow this to happen again,\" she said."
"But she said that she had never seen such a large group of people and that she had only seen about five men and one woman."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it by itself, but it will be the best solution for us,\" he said."
"\"I think it is a very, very significant step to put women on the same level as men,\" she said."
"The U. S. State Department also said that the attack was the first time the militant group has been targeted in Syria."
"I feel like I have a lot of confidence in myself and I can give myself a lot of chances, but I can't."
"The US, South Korea, Japan and Australia have expressed support for the sanctions, and have also been invited to meet with the UN Security Council."
"I don't think I've seen anything like it, I think it's been done in every game."
"\"The world needs to see that it's working for the world, but we're not going to be there for 100 years,\" he said."
"The number of Americans with a college degree dropped from 11. 6 percent in 2000 to 11. 4 percent in 2015, the most recent year for which data is available."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that the next president will be an outstanding leader in our country,\" he said."
"The world's second- largest economy is still struggling to recover from a massive recession that began in 2009."
"\"I think that's a very good thing to do because if I had the money to do that, I wouldn't be doing it now,\" she said."
"The Fed's next meeting is next month, when it will hold a policy meeting that will likely focus on the job creation."
"I'm not saying I'm going to change anything, but I can't wait to get out there and do the things I love."
"But I believe in what I'm doing and I'm ready to take on the big competition, the big expectations and I think I've done that."
"\"I had to say it out loud, and I think it was my biggest mistake of the year,\" the former Chelsea striker said."
"\"We have to be ready to go out there and do our job,\" the team said in a statement."
"If the party wins a seat in the Assembly, it will get its own seat on the European Court of Human Rights."
"\"They've got a great group of players and I think that's something that we're going to continue to improve on and hopefully they'll keep improving on,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that you don't always have to make the right decision,\" he said."
"But the couple's small apartment in the city centre has been targeted in a series of bombings in the past month."
"If you're not able to be with your children, you're not going to be able to go out and have a good time."
"I'd love to have the chance to be part of the team in some capacity and I'm very excited to be part of that."
"He says: \"I am not going to be the one who says I need to be the one who is responsible for the NHS."
"And it's just not going to happen this year, and I'm going to keep working hard and I'm going to try and make it a success."
"The first time I went in I didn't know what to expect, it was such a relief to have the chance to go there."
"The man's name was not released, but he told police he had been in the area for about three hours."
"The goal is for us to have a better understanding of the nature of the problems and the solutions that are needed to address them."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to make sure that no one is going to be able to walk out,\" he said."
"\"I will be the first to admit that this is not a new idea, it is a matter of time,\" she said."
"If I were to see it, it would be a little bit different but I wouldn't go that far."
"\"I don't think that there is any reason why a person who has been convicted of a crime cannot be released,\" he said."
"I was playing and I had a little bit of time to get my body right, get it going and then I got it going."
"He has also been on the court with the players, with the players coming in and saying it's important to come in and play a lot of football."
"The first week of the new year, I'd start my day with a few drinks and then get on with the routine."
"It's not just that I've got a great deal of experience and I'm doing things the right way, but I've also got a great amount of experience."
"They are now on the hunt for the next secretary of state, so the picture is not a disaster."
"\"We've got a long way to go,\" he said of the country's economic prospects."
"\"We've been playing well and we've got a chance to go out there and show what we can do,\" he said."
"If you're a parent, you're responsible for all your own money, but that's not the case for your child."
"As a result, the number of people coming to the UK from other parts of the EU has fallen by a third since 2014."
"The NSW government announced last week that it would introduce a new vehicle registration scheme, which would allow people to drive on public roads."
"The house is an example of an apartment complex that is, in the words of the local authorities, \"one of the best in the world,\" according to the city."
"But I believe we can go to the next level and do things that are really good for the team, and I think we can do that with a little bit of help from our younger guys."
"\"I feel like the way I dress now is so much more than I used to,\" she said."
"She added: \"It is very clear that the Government will bring forward legislation in the autumn statement to ensure our children are educated in a safe and secure way."
"It's not the only thing I do, but it's my choice to do it, and I don't have to pay any attention to it."
"The 29- year- old was arrested in Turkey on Tuesday and has been in custody since Saturday."
"The government is still committed to the deal, but has said it would not accept it if it was not the best deal for the British economy."
"In a statement, the U. S. State Department said it had received information that \"potential threats \"to the U. S. embassy in Israel had been reported by Israeli media outlets."
"The real problem is not with the economy but with what it means to be a woman in the UK."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to finish what I started,\" he said."
"The country's unemployment rate is 8. 5 per cent and the unemployment rate for men is 12. 1 per cent."
"If you're lucky enough to have the opportunity to get to know the country's first lady, you may have a better idea of who she is."
"He was also concerned about the impact on the rest of the world's supply, which is estimated to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars a year."
"You've got to get that one right, and if you can't get that one, you're going to get another one."
"That's why I think it's important to put that into practice as you get ready for the season."
"\"I can't really remember how many times I've been in trouble with the law, so I just have to go with it,\" he said."
"The European Union's migrant deal with Turkey was supposed to be completed by the end of March, but it is still unclear how quickly it will be completed."
"\"I can't see why I wouldn't be happy with the way he's played,\" Williams said."
"The figures are for the first time ever, and in order to make a profit, companies must be willing to pay for the maintenance and maintenance of the equipment."
"\"I've been saying for a long time now that I don't want to be the leader of this party,\" he said."
"If we can get to the final we will have a great opportunity to do well and that is why we are at the top of the table."
"The House and Senate have not yet passed legislation, and it's unclear whether the administration will sign the legislation before the new year."
"I just want to be a part of it, I'm happy to be playing with the guys and getting the opportunity to play with the guys."
"\"I was in the middle of my career, and I was thinking, \"What if I could do it?"
"\"This will be a very long, very tough year,\" he said, \"and I think it will be an important year in terms of our economy."
"He told a police officer that he was a young man who had travelled to Syria to join the Islamic State."
"\"I'm not going to say who did it, but it was probably the young guys that were there,\" he said."
"\"This is a very important moment for me, and I want to thank you for the support you've shown me over the years, and I can't thank you enough,\" he said."
"And then, if you're interested in that, you should check out the full paper, which is a good read."
"The company said in a statement that it had invested $ 40 million in the U. S. for the current fiscal year and that it expects to make $ 100 million in the U. S. over the next three years."
"A further \u00a3 2, 000 is to be raised by the community for the homeless who are being sent to care homes in England and Wales."
"The woman said the victim was a woman who had been in the car for about two hours and was running late."
"The fact that he has been in the spotlight for so long is proof that he is worth keeping an eye on."
"The researchers also found that women who became pregnant at least two years after the age of 25 had a 28 percent higher risk of becoming pregnant than those who were still pregnant."
"\"I was told that I should look at the other side of this and think, \"What can I do to help?\"and that's the only way I was going to do it,\" he said."
"The number of deaths from drug- related causes in Scotland fell by 5. 1% over the same period."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI is asking for a warrant to search the home of a New Jersey police officer."
"The government has set aside an extra $ 3. 5 billion to help the state's schools, but some critics say it is too little and too late."
"The report found that the rate of deaths in 2014 was 3. 4 per 100, 000, which was the highest recorded in the last 30 years."
"I'm not sure what he's thinking, but it's a good way to get on the field and just have fun."
"\"We are happy to have the chance to play a big match against them,\" he said, adding that the match will take place in the first leg of the new season."
"When he's not playing, it's hard to imagine that he's going to play another game."
"But when I go back to the local market and they say they're selling me, I'm going to go back to the store and get the replacement parts."
"The US is the only country in the world that doesn't have a carbon tax, but that's not the only country."
"\"I think that's the most important thing for me to do in my career,\" she said."
"The Wall Street Journal reports that the FBI is investigating a \"systematic cover- up \"of Russian election hacking."
"\"I was in the dark as to what was going to happen, and I didn't know what to do,\" she said."
"It was a particularly tough day for the players, with the players, especially, we were so close to the semi- final."
"\"If you're going to be a leader in this country, you have to be able to show that you're taking on these problems,\" he said."
"The family, who have been living in the building for more than a year, have been living in it since April 2012."
"But the star of the show was still out there, and he got to do something he hadn't done before."
"\"It's not easy to take a beating,\" he said, \"but it's not as bad as some people think."
"He was one of the first players to take up the sport, and it was the first time I saw him play a game."
"I'm not going to get too carried away with the fact that I've got a great opportunity to play this year."
"That's an option that may not be available to the average American, but it's a chance for the government to take advantage of the growing market for small businesses and small businesses to expand their business presence."
"\"They need to understand that I can make the decisions for them, I have the power to make the decisions for them,\" he said."
"The National Union of Workers, the largest union in the United States, said in a statement on Wednesday it had lost nearly 3, 000 members."
"I have to do it, because I am in a position to go to the Olympics and it is something I am not happy about."
"\"I'm very happy with what we have done, but it's not the way I want to play,\" he said."
"But the media, which has been covering the story since late October, said the patient was not an emergency patient and had not yet been diagnosed."
"The U. S. Department of Justice on Wednesday issued a separate push for an inquiry into Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state."
"She said: \"This is a huge opportunity for people to be able to buy their own home, to buy a home that they can live in."
"\"I think we've got to keep doing that,\" said the captain, who has been in charge of the club for the last two years."
"We are seeing that with the season continuing to build and we are looking forward to what we are going to have to do."
"This is a tough market, and for us it is a really good opportunity to show what we can do."
"I don't know how much the movie is about, but it's about the kids who are trying to get back on the path of self- destruction."
"He said:'It's not a big deal if you're having a great time and you're happy with your diet, but it is a big deal if you're not happy with your lifestyle."
"If you are not a lawyer, you can't make a decision about whether to take the job."
"The UK's Foreign Office said that the UK was aware of the concerns raised by the Syrian refugees and would continue to support them."
"We've got a great group of players and it's a good opportunity for us to play a good team."
"\"We would like to thank the community for their support throughout the investigation and wish them all the best in the future,\" the statement said."
"It's not about trying to be the best you can be, it's about making sure you're the best you can be."
"\"We have the best players in the world, the best coaches in the world, the best players in the world, the best players in the world, and we have the best culture,\" he said."
"The debate over how to move towards the EU has been dominated by those who believe that Britain should stay in the bloc."
"But in a way, the family is a symbol of the fact that if you want to make change, you have to work hard."
"But the officials who set the rules say that the order to cut the program was prompted by concerns over an increase in the number of children receiving aid."
"But when I'm doing things, I'm trying not to look at my body but to look at my face."
"They have been particularly keen to talk about the issue of refugees in the West- especially those fleeing the war- torn Middle East."
"In a video posted to his Facebook page on Wednesday, the boy said: \"I've never been to a club before."
"The UK government has put forward a range of proposals to boost investment in Scotland, including the creation of a new Scottish manufacturing base."
"The 28- year- old was a key member of the New York City Police Department for 25 years, serving in that role for more than a decade."
"That's why I'm not going to be working with any other team in the future, so I can focus on the next game."
"The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been spotted together at a historic wedding in Cardiff, Wales."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced on Thursday, but not before the official start of the tournament in Russia."
"The list of things the United States has done to China is, in fact, a very long list."
"I think we'll have to wait and see but the more we do it, the more we will be able to do that."
"The event, which will be broadcast on national TV and on BBC One Scotland, will be the first time a Scottish football team has won the Premier League title since 2005."
"The last thing you want is for someone to say that their friend is not a good person or that you are not good enough to be their friend."
"\"We have to have the capacity to have the opportunity to have a vision for the future,\" he said."
"The two- and- a- half- year investigation into the crash was launched after a man's body was found in a nearby pool."
"If it's not something you want to be involved in, it's something you have to do for yourself."
"\"I will be asking the Chinese government for their help in a very short period of time,\" he said."
"The only reason I keep coming back to the project is because I don't have to do it, because I have to do it."
"When you look at the state of the Scottish economy, it is now not in a position to make an impact on the overall picture."
"The company's earnings per share rose to $ 1. 67, compared to $ 1. 60 in the same period last year."
"She said she had been in touch with the police about the incident and hoped to speak to the man who was in the car."
"It's not that we don't think we can win it, but we have to get back to what we did against them last week and we did."
"He did not say whether he would vote for Mrs. Clinton, but did not rule out voting for Mr. Trump, as he did in the primaries."
"The U. S. has, however, made no secret of its desire to improve relations with Russia and, in turn, the West."
"In the past, we've had a lot of women- particularly young women- who have been inspired by the world of fashion."
"But he said that while the increase was small, the law has a broad impact on the wider housing market."
"There is a huge difference between what we see in the media and what we hear on TV and what we read on the internet."
"That's why we're so proud to be a part of it and we're doing everything we can to support the area."
"\"We're going to be very, very, very hard- working families that are going to be extremely, very, very proud of their own,\" he told the crowd at the rally."
"She said that he was \"very shocked \"and that she had been \"very touched \"by his \"kind of response \"to the story."
"The move follows a similar one in May, in which the government was forced to agree to a new deal for the migrant crisis."
"He said:'I don't know how long it will take for the car to come back out of the shed."
"The group also said it had received \"thousands of reports of harassment and assault \"from residents of Mosul since the operation began in early July."
"It's not that I don't like it, but I think it's pretty good."
"But the company said it would continue to improve its customer experience, which it said will include more video content and improved user experience."
"We've got to be better than that and I'm not going to be the one who's going to be the victim."
"The government, which has called for an end to the practice, has said it will introduce a new tax, one that is expected to be announced by the end of January."
"He was at the front of the line, and we were the ones who helped, but it was the last person he would see."
"The state's unemployment rate fell to 5. 9 percent in April, its lowest level in two years, from 5. 8 percent in April."
"I think the biggest difference is that I've never felt more comfortable with myself, especially as a woman."
"The British Government has pledged to provide a \"full range \"of support for the community in a bid to tackle the problem."
"There are about 1. 2 million people in this country, and I don't know how many are going to vote."
"\"I'm not sure how much longer I'll be able to stay here,\" he said in a statement."
"I am going to be sitting down and looking at the record, which is what I have to do because it's all going to come down to who wins."
"They're doing it because they can't afford to be in the same room as the president- elect and his team, and they can't afford to be in the same room as the President- elect."
"A member of the public was injured and taken to hospital for treatment after a public meeting in the area."
"I was aware of the fact that the local police department had been working with the FBI on a case, but I was not aware that they had actually been contacted by the FBI."
"\"The person that's been in the front of the line and done that, I guess they should be suspended,\" he said."
"The two- day summit, held on Saturday and Sunday, is the first time the U. S. is going to hold such a summit since President Obama was elected in 2008."
"The New York Times reported that the couple's two children were among the dead, and a police source confirmed that the couple's three children had also been killed."
"In the days since, he has been suspended from the campaign trail for a second time and no longer serves as president of the United States."
"She will have to wait until she is 80 to be eligible to vote in the general election and she has to wait until the next general election to be sure she is registered."
"\"I think it's important to have the right balance between not being a victim of the abuse and being a victim of the abuse,\" she said."
"\"I don't think that's going to happen, but it will be a big step up for us,\" he said."
"\"I can't imagine how my kids would feel when I tell them, \"I can't believe it's going to be like this."
"I hope that with all the good work he's done, he can do a lot of good things in the future."
"I have seen the law changed by the courts, and I am concerned that the law will be changed in the future to make it harder for people to get their children out of prison."
"It's not clear how the social media company got into the lawsuit, but the company claims it has been in breach of the law."
"In the end, if we can't do it, I don't know what will."
"In the last few weeks, he has tried to reach the club with a message that he wants to make it better."
"I have never seen a homeless person that close to the shore with their head in the water,\" he said."
"This is an issue that we're going to have to address and I think it's something that we'll have to work on."
"The news comes a day after a bus driver was killed by a drunk driver in a north London street."
"We also know that the US and UK are working closely together on the development of a common front in the fight against terrorism."
"\"I'm going to be the guy that says I'm the best, the most qualified, the most qualified,\" she said."
"He said: \"I'm delighted that we have been able to do this with the help of a team of more than 60 scientists and experts."
"She added that the incident was a \"lone- target \"and that the FBI would not comment on any case in the US."
"I'm not a huge fan of this, but I have seen a lot of him, so I'm just going to be happy if he gets a chance."
"\"It's just so important that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"It's hard to believe that, this year, the president- elect will be in office for the first time since he was elected."
"I think they're all the same, they've been together for the last 10 years, and I think it's important that people have a clear idea of what they want."
"The bank's shares, which had been trading at about $ 8. 70, fell 1. 6 percent in after- market trading on Tuesday."
"The proposal would expand a tax credit to help low- and moderate- income families make more of their income."
"\"I think it's something that's been talked about a lot and I think people are going to say, \"No,\" \"he said."
"The World Health Organization is to investigate the Zika outbreak, with the first case of the virus to be reported in the US."
"I'm just going to continue to work hard and try to get better as I get older and get better as a person."
"The Islamic State has been able to carry out attacks in Iraq and Syria, but in the country it has little control."
"That is why I think it's important for the people of the UK to have a say in how the Government deals with Brexit."
"I'm looking forward to this one, especially as I've been playing a lot of golf in the past few years."
"And so I think we're going to see a lot of new faces, and a lot of new ways of doing things."
"\"I think he's got some good players that have been around the sport for a while, so hopefully he'll be ready for the 2016 Olympics,\" he said."
"But a significant number of them don't, and that's why the US military is seeking to take them out."
"He said: \"I want to be clear that the UK is not a member of the European Union."
"There's been a lot of talk in the media about him going away and starting to play football and I don't think he's ever going to get the chance to play a regular- season game."
"That's why I'm not going to be running for president, because I don't think I'll be."
"She said:'I think if you're looking for someone to talk to, it's probably not the person you want."
"\"They need to get the ball and I know that they're going to run the ball well,\" he said."
"In a statement, the company said it would continue to \"treat our customers \"in a manner that is consistent with its core values."
"It's a good time to be a parent, so I'm going to try to do everything I can to help."
"If we are going to keep our head up and try to win every game we need to take it one step at a time."
"I believe we will be in the position that we need to be to take the next step, a better, more consistent approach."
"The short answer is that, as of late, we are not yet in a position to determine how the new law will affect them."
"It is an excellent thing that the public have the ability to do what they want to do, so long as they follow the rules."
"The company's stock is down about 10 per cent this year from its year- ago high of $ 23. 95."
"But I think we need to be careful about what we're doing because we are not going to be making it work."
"The government said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it was working to improve the service."
"When I was a kid, I'd be up in the air and he'd walk up to me and say, \"You're not in the air."
"He's only got a few years left in his career, so it's going to be a long road to get back in shape and feel good."
"A good number of the players have come from China, but the good ones are the ones who are in the Chinese team."
"\"I didn't know what to expect, but I was really surprised and very pleased with how I ended up here,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be careful not to let people get too excited,\" he said."
"But I can't help thinking that she's just one of those people who are so driven by a sense of self."
"\"We have to do a better job of getting people to go and help us,\" he said."
"We have a number of options available to us, from the start of the year, we are looking to get a lot of people involved."
"I have a great deal of respect for the man and, in a way, I am just happy to be a part of it."
"It was the first time that a player had been selected by a major league club in the past five years."
"\"I think it's a good time to talk about race and race issues because it's a political conversation, and that's what we're seeing,\" she said."
"In many cases, the organization has a full accounting of the event, with a list of the events that went on at the venue, which is located in the former home of the Democratic National Committee."
"\"I just wanted to know if you can help me with this,\" she said, adding that she'd had enough."
"We've seen a lot of the right wing- and the right wing can be divided, but it's a very big difference."
"We would like the public to have the opportunity to come forward and see what is going on."
"They were seen driving the car and passing by a school, the court heard, but did not stop to help the other students."
"I want to thank everyone who has supported me and the public and my supporters over the past year and a half."
"The week after the war, the Syrian government launched a long- expected assault on rebel- held parts of Aleppo."
"You can't ask for much more than that, and I can't imagine how it is that I have to go through this."
"You're like, you're not going to get away with it, but you're going to get away with it and you're going to try to get a lot of credit for it."
"\"I don't think we will ever see the same level of success for the same amount of money,\" he said."
"\"This is a very serious matter and we are aware of the circumstances of the matter,\" he said."
"They can't take a couple of days off and we can't afford to have to wait that long."
"The chairman of the committee told the BBC that the bill was due to be discussed by the House of Commons in the autumn."
"The amount of time it takes a person to learn something new is so great, it's like learning a language."
"I don't want to get too far ahead of myself, but I do want to keep this up and make sure I'm doing what I can to help this team."
"And they're also more likely to have a family member with a mental illness, according to a new study."
"He is currently on a six- month deal that will see him pay a \u00a3 1, 000 fine and a \u00a3 500 fine in the event of his conviction."
"But as I said in the last debate, we have a lot of differences, and we will have to work to make them better."
"We're not going to give up on them, but we're going to make sure they're in the right condition and they're in the right place."
"\"It's like I've been in a bad situation, so to be able to be in the situation now is a good thing,\" she said."
"There are already more than 1. 3 million people in the UK who are eligible to vote, and it is likely to grow."
"The United States, Russia and other Western nations have all expressed deep concerns about the continuing violence, and the United Nations has warned that it could increase."
"The top two teams in the table are the two teams that are currently in the top four, which means that the best teams from the next four years are the ones that have won the league twice."
"That was what we were doing, it was just a matter of getting back to the team we had last year."
"\"It's not a decision that we're making now, it's an issue for the future,\" he said."
"But he's not the only one who has a lot of personal things to do in his life."
"The business of the first- family has always been a major concern in the United States, but the first- family is not just one of the most popular holidays in the United States."
"He has been given a full amount of money to take care of the baby, but his mother is still not happy with the decision."
"In a statement, the company said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and was working to resolve the matter."
"\"The best way to tell a story is to tell it in a way that's interesting,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get this done,\" he told the BBC."
"The two were spotted at an apartment complex in the city on Tuesday, and they allegedly had a fight in the parking lot."
"In order to have a strong and efficient economy, it's going to require the ability to use all the available resources."
"\"I'm not saying I would have been a good president, but if you are the candidate, you have to be the candidate,\" Trump said."
"In a speech to the European Parliament, the prime minister said: \"The fact that we are having to deal with a global crisis is a sign of our determination to do so."
"He said: \"I was a bit disappointed that I didn't get my opportunities but it was a good result."
"He's a very good player, but he's also a great player, so you want to see him do a great job."
"It's the first time that the government has gone back to the drawing board to try and figure out what happened."
"The president- elect, who took office on Jan. 30, is expected to announce his decision in the coming days."
"The release of the video, which was recorded last Thursday, is the first public evidence of the attack in the city."
"The show's first season will air on Sunday, August 8, and will be the first to be written for a live- action TV show."
"It's hard for me to be the type of person who says I'm not good enough for the job."
"We'll have to wait and see what he says but the fans are going to be very excited."
"The first step is to look at the evidence and we will come back and discuss that with the government and the government will give us more information and we will then have a decision."
"The survey also found that a majority of people in England have confidence in the NHS, with an average of 72 per cent saying they are confident in the ability of the NHS to meet their needs."
"The book comes after a year- long inquiry by the University of York, which revealed that the police officer who killed the teenager had no criminal record."
"It's a really important match for us and we have to stay positive, so we'll try to stay strong."
"\"I've got a lot of friends who are going to have to go and spend the rest of their lives going through this,\" he says."
"But you know what, I was like, I'm going to play my best golf, and I'm not going to have that, I'm going to have that."
"We've got to be ready to go to a game and I think that's what we've got to be doing."
"It's a good thing for me to come back, because I've got a lot of games to prepare for."
"The UN estimates that the Syrian government has killed more than 2, 500 people in the last three years."
"The researchers also found that men who spent less time at work, such as at home, were more likely to be diagnosed with depression."
"There was a time when there were nights when I would have been watching a movie and I would have been like, \"No, no."
"The first question is whether the president can really call the shots in a big- budget battle, and it's a debate that is likely to be dominated by the budget issue."
"As we've all heard before, the NHS has been under enormous pressure to improve patient safety and provide better care for patients, and I think this Government will do just that."
"The victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is said to be in her 20s, aged in her 20s."
"She said she was told the bill would be paid in full by the end of the month, although she had not yet been told the date."
"He has said he will not run for president again, and he has been in a constant state of crisis since leaving office."
"The next day, he was in the same room with his parents, with a police officer nearby, and had a discussion with them about what had happened."
"In addition to the U. S., the U. K., Germany, Canada, France, Japan and South Korea are among countries that are involved in this type of investigation."
"I had to change my mind and just go to work and keep trying to do my job, and then I was able to do that."
"But the Scottish government's response has been a series of policy recommendations that have been repeatedly rejected by the Scottish Parliament."
"The young woman was taken into custody and a police spokeswoman said she had been taken to the police station to be interviewed."
"\"I'm not surprised they didn't go after her,\" he said, adding that he had not been approached by the government."
"In addition, there is no evidence that the fees paid by the EU are increasing the level of tax that UK taxpayers pay."
"But if it's one of those things, I'll take it."
"The story about the moment is that the officers wanted to get her a drink and she didn't want to get into a fight."
"We all know the case is on the cards, and it's just a matter of time before it does."
"He is an inspiration to me and it is nice for me to have him back and help me make a difference."
"He's really good at it, so you're going to have a good feeling going forward when you get the opportunity."
"And I thought, this is going to be a very long, hard time for me, because I know how important it is to me to be in the spotlight."
"The Russian president has repeatedly said that he will not let any agreement with the West be implemented unless there is an agreement on the terms of the cease- fire."
"I'm looking at it from the perspective of how I was born, how I've grown up, how I was raised."
"I am proud of the way I have played and how well I have played and how hard I have worked to get there."
"The number of people receiving treatment has fallen from the peak of more than 100, 000 a year to fewer than 10, 000 a year."
"The team in London is playing the same game the same way, so we have to be prepared to make mistakes."
"\"I've been out in the community, working with the community, and I've heard about this,\" he said."
"He added: \"I am not a politician, but I am a social worker and I know that the people of Scotland have a duty to respect them."
"\"I think it's fair to say, at the end of the day, that there are people who are entitled to a fair trial,\" she said."
"\"I was so disappointed that the government was not going to do anything to help us, but that's the way it is,\" he said."
"He has been a supporter of the party since he was a teenager, and has been known to attend party events."
"The first of those was a personal, but now- and- then encounter with the new- president- and he took it very personally."
"He's been around for a long time and he's not going to have the experience to play in a European game."
"The system has been there for a while, but when I got it, it was just as good as the one in the first place."
"The government also said it was \"deeply concerned \"by the allegations, and that \"there was no place for any compromise \"on the rule of law."
"I hope I'm able to convince people that if you have a heart attack, that you don't have to suffer at all."
"There is a whole new team of people, there are new faces and a whole new approach to the game, so it is a very different experience to what we are used to."
"\"I was lucky enough to get a letter of understanding from the UK government and it's something I can't pass up,\" he said."
"We have to understand what the message is and how to do that and we're going to get better at that."
"The men were ordered to stand down immediately and have their cases heard before a grand jury, the court was told."
"\"I don't think we need to be in this position to be in it,\" he said in an interview with the Guardian."
"\"It is the first time that the government has acknowledged that this is a significant issue,\" he said."
"In a statement, the company said it had a \"long list of customers \"who had been affected by the breach."
"And it's not just about the price of food, it's about the quality of the food you're eating."
"\"The President- elect and I have a very good relationship, and I'm very proud of that,\" Trump said."
"The deal is in place until a new agreement is reached between the two countries, which will be a matter for negotiations in the next couple of months."
"The Bank of England is not expected to take a decision until next month, but it could be very early."
"A lot of people think I'm crazy, but I'm not crazy,\" Trump said at a rally in Iowa."
"I thought that if I had stayed in my own country, I could have avoided it and I would have been able to do my job."
"A member of the family, who declined to be named, said the family was not aware of the alleged offences."
"If I had to pick one thing that I know, it's that I'm going to be hard on myself."
"The British Medical Association has said it will be \"very, very disappointed \"if the Government did not act."
"The question is whether we can keep up the level of support for the people of the south and make them understand that there are more challenges than we've been able to solve."
"\"I don't think he's going to get the nomination,\" Trump told reporters during an interview with CNN."
"We were sitting on the grass, and he was holding a gun, and I just looked out the window and saw a woman in the car."
"I think it's a shame because it was one of the great moments of my career, but it was also a great day for me."
"I want to go out there and give it all I've got and just have fun and be happy and have fun with my family."
"The attack on a bus in Brussels on Thursday, claimed by Islamic State, came just hours after a similar terror attack in Paris killed 130 people in a similar fashion."
"The only thing that I am worried about is that we are going to have to deal with a lot of things."
"\"If I was in the same situation, I would have a great time,\" he said, adding that he had asked for a two- year extension."
"The fire is still under investigation, but authorities say the fire is considered to be the first fire to hit the region in the past three years."
"\"We are on the same page as the EU and we will continue to work together to achieve a better future for Scotland,\" the SNP leader said."
"I have been told that there are some people who don't like me, but I don't like them, so I just stand firm."
"I would have liked to have played at a higher level, but I don't think I can do that now."
"If you have a house you want to buy and you're not sure what to put in it, then it's not worth it."
"The decision to use the water is a victory for the city's residents and for the state, which has been trying to find ways to address the problem."
"And he said he believed that if he were elected, he would be able to raise the money to pay the outstanding balance of $ 2 million."
"The same day, he was convicted of first- degree murder and sentenced to life in prison, with his sentence suspended for life."
"A spokesman said: \"We have worked hard to ensure that the new process is a fair one to ensure people's safety."
"And if you're a Christian, you have to be careful about how you use your money."
"It's a situation where it's not the most important game in the world, but it's a huge game, and a massive game, and you can't forget it."
"He also said he had \"no doubt \"that the economy was likely to slow further in 2016 as the country struggles with low interest rates and low inflation."
"\"I don't know if it's because I've been working so hard on the golf course,\" she said."
"\"I think it's going to be a long time before we see anything else,\" he said."
"\"I've got to get the ball in my hands and be the best player I can be,\" he said."
"The government's plan is not a political one, it's a practical one and we have to do it together."
"\"If I'm still here, I will be here,\" he told the BBC in 2011, shortly before he was told he would not be allowed to leave."
"We don't have a lot of time to spend with the families who are here, and we're trying to get them to move."
"She said the family had been in contact with police and the police had contacted them to ensure the safety of the family."
"The sale of the Perth property will be linked to a new hotel in the city that will be completed by the end of this year."
"The result will be a dramatic shift in the way people think about and talk about crime, and how it affects people's lives."
"But it's the same with the rest of the world, with a lot of countries having a lot of problems with the economy, so they want to get rid of us."
"If you want to make a difference in the world, it's time to look at a lot of the things that are happening right now."
"\"The police will not be able to do anything about it,\" the official said, adding that the case had been closed."
"It's hard for me to see how I could be there on a Saturday night when I've got nothing to play for."
"It's not as if you're going to get it all right, but I'm confident we're going to do the best we can."
"I don't think that's a good thing, and I think it's bad for business as a whole."
"But when he got there, he was told that the staff had been told to leave the building and that it was time to go."
"I am very lucky to be in this position, I have always been a fighter and I know that if I am not successful, I will never be a fighter again."
"He has been accused of corruption, but the charges against him have not been proven in court and he has not even been charged with a crime."
"We will continue to do everything we can to ensure that the UK remains a global leader in the fight against terrorism."
"The Premier League has been a great success, but in the Premier League you have to make sure you have a good squad and a good manager."
"I've been in this position before, but I can't say the same about this guy."
"The EU has never been about Europe, it's about creating a better Europe for people around the world."
"The team have been brilliant, and the players have been brilliant, but I'm still going to do what I can."
"He had been in the country for six months and was in an advanced state of health, but he had been on the way to hospital on Saturday."
"\"It's a very important moment, especially with the Zika virus, and we are looking forward to it,\" he said."
"\"The president said the president- elect said he would have a very difficult time,\" he said, referring to Trump's praise for Putin."
"\"I'm a big fan of the old school and I'm looking forward to a new challenge,\" he said."
"But the reality is that we're going to have to put together a team and that's going to require a lot of work."
"It's a small step but it's a step in the right direction and it's an important step to make sure we get to the next level."
"The club will spend \u00a3 40 million on a new stadium, with a new training ground, and a new stadium for the 2016- 17 season."
"It is a very sad moment and I don't think there is a better moment for the club to be here and I'm sure there is a lot of people out there who would like to help us out."
"The men's team will be in the same room as the officers as they begin their investigation, a source told the paper."
"I can't believe he's got a job in a restaurant and he's like, \"I'll go get a job in a restaurant."
"I believe the market was going to be a little bit more vulnerable this year because of the Brexit vote,\" he said."
"It is understood that the matter will now be dealt with by the Scottish Government, with a decision due to be made at a meeting in early March."
"I think the only way to improve on it is to play the right way every time and that's the way I want to play."
"I want to be clear that we have not been discussing it with the Russian government or the Russian government, but we have been discussing it with the Ukrainian authorities."
"\"I'm not sure if you've heard that yet,\" he says, referring to the big push to bring back marijuana."
"There's nothing wrong with this, I'm not saying that, but it's important to remember that you're not alone."
"\"I think that the best thing that the government can do is make sure that we're not taking anything away from our people,\" he said."
"The F. D. A. is looking at ways of screening out more minority students, but it is not going to solve the problem."
"\"I think he will be a great influence on the leadership of the party and in the future, it is going to be a big part of it,\" he said."
"\"We are not in a position to go into details of what is going on with the person,\" she told reporters."
"It's important to have a clear picture of the damage that is going on in the community and what is happening in relation to the community."
"There are a lot of people who are very interested in the idea that we can change this."
"\"I've got a lot of friends who have been here and have done it for a very long time,\" he said."
"The mother- of- two said: \"I'm so lucky to be alive and well- I have a family now."
"The couple's daughter, a 13- year- old boy, was also killed in the fire."
"But it is a big ask, and in the end, the numbers are still so tiny that it is impossible to tell."
"The BBC reported that the former First Minister has told the BBC that he does not believe there is \"any real chance \"of a second independence referendum."
"She said: \"We have to do it in a way that is sustainable for the future of the country and for Scotland."
"The president said his administration had made progress in the field of global warming and that it was committed to helping to make sure the world was on a sustainable path to clean energy."
"She told the BBC:'It's a very unusual thing to do, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"I think it's a sign that we're doing well and we're having a good year,\" he said."
"It's just one of those things that you have to be careful with, but I'm just happy that I'm able to do it and just get on with it."
"I have been a supporter of the Welsh Government and I was a member of the European Commission in the UK and I am very happy to see the Welsh Government doing the right thing."
"I'm a little bit concerned about that because we are in a position to decide what to do and when to do that."
"\"I think the last few years have been very important for me, especially at the end of the last couple of years,\" he said."
"\"This is the kind of culture that you can't get rid of,\" he said, speaking about the recent wave of terrorist attacks on US soil."
"The EU is one of the main international partners on the ground in the fight against terrorism and other international threats, including IS."
"The former president has been campaigning hard in South Carolina, where he is the only senator to win a primary."
"I am happy that the state has not taken so many steps in the last few years to protect the public health."
"You can't just come in, sit back, go out and not have the ball, and you have to come in and play good."
"And now we have an opportunity to get to work with a leader of the party who has the skills and experience to be a great leader for the party."
"The Warriors were very, very happy to be out there and I think the way they played, I think they were really enjoying it."
"\"I think you have to take the moment to really appreciate how important that is,\" he said."
"It's an exciting time to be a part of a major international sporting event and to be able to have that opportunity to be the face of this team and that reputation is something special."
"He said he would not be part of any future debate about whether the government should be allowed to take more of the UK's share of EU budget."
"The spokesman said that the agency would be looking at the details of the plans and the actions taken by the federal government to ensure they are implemented effectively."
"If the data from this year's elections were to be released, it would give a more detailed picture of the outcome than the last two years."
"The proposed measures would also see the state cap a pension age of 65, with a maximum of \u00a3 14, 000 a year."
"You're in a room with four people who are trying to talk to each other and you can't hear them."
"\"I was always a bit nervous, I had a lot of confidence, but the first couple of weeks were difficult,\" he said."
"I had a friend who was a nurse, and we just decided to do something together because we had a lot of fun together."
"The economic hit to the UK economy was a \"significant \"difference from the benefit to the EU economy from remaining in the bloc, he said."
"\"I have no idea who the real Donald Trump is, but I do know that he is a genuine American,\" he said."
"It's a tough challenge but I think we can do a lot of things better this year than we've done."
"The latest polls show Donald Trump leading Ted Cruz by a wide margin, with 24 percent of the vote."
"It's not easy, but the time is right for us to be in this position, and to get a lot out of this team."
"She said the company had to take \"a long hard look \"at the project, which had been due to be completed in March, and that it had been given no notice of any delays."
"I don't know that we have the right to stop or even talk about what we know about him."
"They're not just going to be in the middle of the night, but they're going to be in the middle of the day, too."
"As the man who took the life of a five- year- old girl, I don't think I'm the only one who has been affected."
"He said: \"The only thing I can think of is that it's a relief to have a new manager in place and to be back in the Champions League."
"She was a good girl, a lovely girl, and she loved the world, but she was also a very good person, a very good person who loved what she did."
"The two are fighting for the prize, but a court in Spain ruled that the offer of a 20 per cent bonus was not enough to secure it."
"In other words, the Federal Reserve has not just failed to raise interest rates, but has failed to address the long- term effects of a job loss, job loss, job loss."
"The court heard that the girl's father had told police that she had been taken to the girl's flat by a man she had met at a party."
"And you know, we have a lot of jobs, and we have a lot of jobs that aren't being done, and that's the problem."
"The U. S. military has been unable to get a new air base in Syria since the Syrian government stepped up its air campaign there in August."
"But if you're a customer, you know you're paying a premium for the service, and you'll be happy to pay for it."
"It's the first time in my career I have played in the top four and I am happy for that."
"A lot of people are watching, but it's not going to be the case that every single person in the world is watching."
"\"The truth is, we're not the only ones who need to be helped,\" he said."
"The two people who were injured in the fire were taken to a hospital for treatment but there were no reports of any injuries."
"\"I hope that's the case for the rest of the UK,\" he told The Independent in an interview."
"I was a big fan of that, I think it's a really fun way to do something and it's something that I really enjoy doing."
"The Bank of England has said it is \"deeply concerned \"about the impact on banks of the Brexit vote."
"\"The only way I've ever got to be really happy is to have a life of my own,\" he says."
"The report, released on Tuesday, said that since the end of last year, the UK has been involved in more than 20 \"terrorist \"attacks."
"The airline said in a statement that it had recently received a complaint from the passenger who had been travelling in a black van."
"\"I was in the crowd at the time, and I was a little nervous, because I was trying to make a joke,\" she said."
"They said they would send an appeal to the UN to have the case dismissed if the UK does not agree to a new deal."
"It's going to be a very, very long journey and we are really excited to have him back."
"\"We are not in a position to say what we will do next,\" he said, adding that the decision would be made by the government."
"The amount of information that is available in the study was also significant, with women reporting a higher risk of breast cancer."
"The former prime minister said: \"I believe it's the right thing to do for the country to let people into the country."
"The two were in a relationship, but the police did not know how they got on the same day, the court was told."
"\"I want to tell my fans that I am OK,\" he said in the end, \"and I'm not going to have anything to do with it."
"The couple, who have three children, have been apart for more than a year but were married in May this year."
"I'll get a bit more time with my family, I'll be able to focus on my training and my work in the Premier League."
"\"We're going to have to find a way to get out of this situation,\" he said."
"The move comes as the government is under pressure to respond to the SNP's call for Scotland to be \"fully independent \"from the UK."
"It was a chance to see what he could do with the bat, to see what he could do with the ball, to see what he could get out of it."
"It's not going to be easy to play against a team like that, but I'm looking forward to the challenge."
"We have a number of people who have made significant contributions to our business and we are grateful for them."
"The 22- year- old has just signed a new contract at Liverpool, which will see him take part in the first- team squad."
"\"I don't think I've ever been as good as this,\" he said at the time."
"\"This is a decision that is not just for me, it's for the rest of the world,\" he told the BBC."
"I've always been a big fan of the idea of a traditional Canadian movie, but I'm not a fan of the idea of a modern Canadian movie."
"The latest report shows that more than half of all UK adults are now sleeping rough and the number is expected to hit 10 per cent by 2020."
"The government is also expected to announce new measures to tackle corruption in the police, state and military sectors."
"The researchers found that participants who were in the presence of a natural disaster while watching the movie were more likely to be killed."
"I'm a big fan of the old school but I'm not sure that is going to happen again."
"The way I see it, the European project is not going to be done because the American project is not going to be done."
