"When you see him play the way he has in the last couple of games, you know he is capable of that."
"The company also said it expected to spend $ 4. 9 billion in the second half of this year."
"It's also crucial for people to understand that if you want to stay in your home you need to be there for the life of the party."
"I am sure that if the United States wants to be a leader in this space, that it is going to have to be a leader in human rights, especially in this space."
"He's been here a lot of years, and he has some good guys on the team."
"He was also one of several high- profile figures to quit his post in August after it emerged he had broken the rules in a leaked letter."
"The government should be taking steps to ensure that people who are in work can continue to have a normal life."
"I don't have a great idea about the film, but I'm thinking about it in relation to the audience."
"If we can make the most of this time, we'll have a lot more to do in the coming days."
"Trump's presidential campaign has been the subject of intense scrutiny, and with the publication of the Trump Foundation documents, the public is now in the dark."
"I have many times said to myself, \"I'm not going to be able to take care of this baby, I'm going to be in pain,\" so I'm not going to do it."
"In 2011, he was given a six- year jail term, but he was released in 2015 on a $ 5, 000 fine."
"What would have happened if the Prime Minister had taken the lead on this issue on the one hand, and given the recent changes in our political landscape?"
"\"He has a lot of talent, but he doesn't have a lot of numbers,\" Jones said."
"\"It's good to see that the government is listening to us, and they're making sure we get the kind of technology that will make it happen,\" he said."
"\"It's a great way to get to know your local community, especially if you're looking for a place to stay,\" he said."
"The researchers said they did not know whether the changes could be linked to cancer, or whether they were related to lifestyle factors."
"The action was so strong that we lost the game but it was still a good performance for the team and we can now get going in the next round."
"The day after the referendum, Britain's top bank chief was forced to admit that the government's policies on the EU were \"unprecedented \"and that Britain's economy was \"significantly \"under pressure."
"If you're a young mom, you have to be prepared to lose yourself in the moment, in the moment, in order to build a life for yourself."
"I think they're both a very strong team and we all want to get better and see how we can improve as a unit."
"There are too few, and too many people who haven't seen the show before to be confident that they will."
"\"This is an example of what the government can do to ensure that people with a disability can have a decent life and get the support they need,\" she said."
"But now that his family is gone, he said he will not allow anyone to touch his body."
"The inquest heard the couple had been together for five years and that they were not married and had children together."
"\"If you don't do that, the long- term consequences will be very bad,\" she said."
"They put on a show for the fans and for the audience and I think that's why it's so great to see them on stage."
"But in the next year, I will be working hard to get a good team together and I will be looking to continue working with our players and coaches to help me grow."
"The Pentagon said that four other Americans were wounded in the attack, but the other two Americans who were wounded were not injured."
"\"The government has done a great job, and it will continue to do so,\" he added."
"He also said that there was no evidence the UK would be able to reach a deal with Russia on the issue."
"There's a lot of things in this country that people feel their voice is being heard, and that they want to keep their voices heard."
"The only thing I'd like to do is keep writing and working on my music, which is what I did in the first place."
"We'll just have to see what happens with the regime, but we'll see what happens in Syria."
"\"We can't allow all of our citizens to have these information on a daily basis,\" she told Reuters in an interview."
"One way to do this is to add a new digital currency called A- L and then sell the A- L for a fee."
"If you don't like someone, you can always go to a different man and do a different job."
"In the film, the character of Miss Moore is played by a woman whose identity is revealed only through a series of episodes."
"The group said that the number of people receiving treatment in hospitals in the region has increased by one third in the past year."
"It's the kind of thing that we've never seen in the last 20 years of my career."
"It's not just about the quality of work, the quality of the mental state of the person, but the quality of the person's health as well."
"I don't think I have been in the position where I need to be to say that."
"We're very lucky that they [ the Rangers ] are not coming back from injury and we're not coming back from a bad injury."
"\"We've got to give them a reason to go out and play golf in the first place,\" he told The Guardian."
"\"It's not a time to be away from people, it's a time to be with friends and family and we must be very careful about what we say and what we say to each other,\" he said."
"He will be spending his last summer with the Warriors and will be allowed to go back into the Premier League."
"The biggest barrier is that it's not a permanent housing project, it's a unique location, so it's a lot of work."
"But I'm not so sure about that, because there is no way that the UK can guarantee that they can bring back those children."
"You see in the TV show that he didn't have to work as hard to get the job done."
"The UK's biggest retailer has called the Brexit vote a \"win- win \"for the country."
"The decline in sales is partly due to the soft dollar and lower oil price, although many analysts expect growth in oil production in the next quarter, and a record fourth quarter profit in 2017."
"A recent survey in the U. S. finds that most Americans say they're comfortable with transgender people's gender identity."
"The past 10 years have seen an explosion of people wanting jobs, the growth of the economy, the number of new homes being built in England, and a dramatic increase in the number of people who have come to Britain."
"And when it's all said and done, I will say this: I would have preferred to be in the Senate instead of sitting in the White House."
"\"We've worked very hard in this race to win every game but we've got to put our best foot forward and try to win every game,\" he said."
"I've said that a couple of times this morning, I don't think I'd have been on the road as I did on Thursday night."
"The California Supreme Court is considering a challenge to the state's decision to allow transgender people to serve openly in the military."
"You can't say you don't care about someone who's got their whole life ahead of them."
"\"I did not do so well in this game, but that's part of the game, man,\" he said."
"The winning spot will give the Rams a chance to close out the season with a victory against a good opponent."
"They haven't had any bad games, but there was a bit of a storm the first half that was going to get them into the game."
"We've got a lot of new faces, new faces that were brought in to come here and make sure that we're playing the right way."
"The document says that the UK would \"use every available available tool \"to try to keep its borders secure."
"The deputy mayor said the city had already asked the federal government to develop a funding plan to build the site."
"On the Republican side, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has said he's backing a federal investigation into the Democratic National Committee."
"The money was put in the form of a gift for a friend, but it was ultimately passed on to her."
"\"The United States and Russia have a history of cooperation in the Syrian conflict and I am sure the US will be part of it,\" Putin said."
"A full recovery is not an easy thing to do, but the promise of a better future is there to be won."
"I can't tell you how many times I've tried to get a view of what I've been doing, and then when I get there, I'm like, \"What's going on?"
"In other words, if you take a look at the U. S. economy and then look at what's happening in Europe, you'll see that America is really struggling."
"The way I play and the way I take my game up, I think it's a huge part of the team."
"I think he has a lot of experience in this game and he has played some big games in the past for the team and he has been training hard this week."
"It is so rare to find a gay Christian who has a family member who is gay, and it is only in this particular case, that there is a little relief."
"That's why, as I've said many times before, we're not going to be prepared for that."
"The video, which was posted on Facebook, said the incident took place on April 9, 2015, at about 2: 30 a. m."
"So, we want to make sure that our communities are safe, but we're also making sure that our children are protected, and our kids are protected."
"\"We need to be really careful in terms of what we say and what we say to our athletes,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for those of us who work on a long- term basis to understand the challenges,\" he said."
"And we're so used to seeing more and more of these people, we just don't know how to say it."
"It was tough to watch him, but I would have thought that he would be better, but he just had a difficult time."
"The Bank of England's inflation target of 2 per cent in the year to December 2015 was met by a 6. 7 per cent rise in inflation in the first quarter of this year, compared with the previous year's 2. 7 per cent"
"What happens if we can't find someone who can provide the same level of support that we have here in the city?"
"\"I just love being at the center of something and giving it a proper go,\" the 21- year- old said."
"He did not show up for a press conference at the start of the year, nor did he appear in a campaign event on Monday."
"The most significant change in the group's performance since the UK voted to leave the EU is the rise in the number of children with heart problems."
"The NSW government's biggest donors to the government are the NSW Government, the NSW Education Commission, and the Australian Council of Trade."
"That's why we're having so much discussion about whether or not the Trump campaign should get its hands out to fund its own research."
"If you don't have the money to pay the rent or the mortgage on your home, you can take your money with you and try to get it back."
"\"I'll always remember the moment when I told them we were going to be friends and that I'd never miss a day of my life,\" she says."
"That is what happened when I was growing up, when I first met the older girls who'd been in the house."
"I think I know that I could go through the whole process of getting in the NFL, and I'm just happy to be here."
"\"I know there's a lot of people that will say, \"You know what? I don't think that's going to happen."
"\"We are going to see a very different tone from what we saw in the past,\" he said."
"The number of people with dementia in Wales has fallen by more than a third since 2007, according to the Government."
"The UN says that over 400, 000 people have been displaced since the army launched the offensive, the most recent of which was launched on October 4."
"And we want to ensure that we're making that process even better and that we can bring the best out of this election."
"But we have a good team, we have good people and the fans, but we have to do what we've done all year long."
"On Friday, the United Nations suspended the U. N. General Assembly and said it would not hold a vote on the new sanctions."
"The thing is, you want to be in the game and you want to be in a game, you want to play well and if you don't play well then you don't have a chance."
"The two countries, which share a border at the Mediterranean Sea, are not among the countries that have launched strikes against the Islamic State group in Iraq."
"\"I'm always the guy who makes the most of his time, and I'm going to go out and be the best,\" he said."
"The US, Russia and China are helping to create a platform to deal with the issues in Syria, including the possibility of using chemical weapons."
"There are so many different factors that impact a couple's life, and I think the guys that are in the car, they are going to have to make decisions on how much of a life they want to live in."
"While on the phone with the press secretary, he seemed to indicate the U. S. may not take action until after the election."
"This week, it was revealed that one of the men was also involved in the killing of a woman and a child at the same time."
"She said the game has been delayed because of the difficulty of the daily snow and ice conditions, which is expected to rise further in the next few days."
"It's a bit like that old French art of getting up and walking around the corner and not thinking about the detail."
"She said that by asking her parents for help in finding a job, they were able to help her transition to a normal life."
"He said he had received only \"a warning \"from the police about the danger of entering the city."
"The U. S. Department of State also said on Twitter on Wednesday that the death toll was at least 37."
"And while I won't be at the next debate, I hope the young people of the country are here today."
"One of the first things I said to my mother was that I want to make the most of my life."
"A man was killed and another man and a woman were taken to hospital after a fire in a home on South Street."
"However, he is accused of trying to avoid paying tax by saying he had been in the company of the company for more than six years."
"The start of 2016 is going to be a good time to start thinking about the future, and for me, the moment is here."
"In some cases, they even sell this product for hundreds of dollars more than a standard conventional bottle."
"With so much at stake for the UK economy, it is a welcome sign that the Queen is heading home with the Bank of England."
"I have watched it all- and- part with him at the last presidential debate, on Wednesday night."
"\"My wife and I are going to take a trip to Hawaii to meet up with her and her husband,\" he said."
"\"We are really pleased to hear that the Government has come together to deliver a package which will deliver a successful Brexit,\" he said."
"I know I'm not alone in my love for my daughter, but I'm not alone with this and I'll do everything I can do to help her."
"She had to hold it in her right hand for a few seconds before the button could be released."
"He said: \"I was a bit disappointed, I wasn't happy that I couldn't get an assist, but I think the manager, he is very good at doing that."
"The challenge for the new administration is to build consensus on a set of policies that are likely to boost jobs and growth in the United States."
"It's not the sort of thing that the average American wants to do in the wake of an election."
"He said: \"It's clear that this is not the kind of global democracy that we want."
"We are going to go out and get our goals and keep playing the way we played last year and go out and try to win it."
"\"When you get a signal that there's something you want to do, you will go,\" he said."
"I think we should be concerned about how we deal with the impact of corruption on our democracy and how we deal with it when we're talking about what we do."
"It was a difficult decision, but I made the right decision and I've got to do the right thing for my club."
"\"I didn't have a good look at him, because I didn't want to be seen looking at him,\" she said."
"\"We're going to see a lot of young people being motivated to do the same thing,\" he said."
"We need to move forward and make the right decisions, but if we are going to be a team we need to be focused on getting to the finals."
"\"The people of the state of Illinois and the people of Illinois deserve to know what is happening on the ground and when and how it will be swept under the carpet,\" Obama said."
"The most serious allegations of corruption are now under investigation, and I believe that will continue until the party has been formally arrested."
"The police were called to the house and Mr Andrews was arrested for assault, before being taken into custody."
"And that's the problem with the NHS, that it's just not working."
"\"It would have been nice to see him play again, but I'm not sure,\" Jackson said."
"The age range for women who have been pregnant in the past year was 1. 5 to 2. 5 years, compared to 1. 9 to 2 years for men."
"And he says he hopes that with the other candidates, who is running as a third- party alternative, he can win a big primary."
"It's not so much the fact that I've played a lot of different positions, it's just the fact that I've played in the front three and been exposed."
"But it is also important to note that the minimum wage is currently being increased by \u00a3 4 to \u00a3 6."
"If you're one of the many who have heard about it, it's a good time to take a look."
"\"If I'm not playing, I'm not playing, I'm not playing, and there is no way for me to make the team,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what we'll be doing next year, but I'm going to keep working hard for it."
"It's not surprising, then, that he's under a lot of pressure to perform, but he's not doing it as well as he should."
"\"I think if they had done that at the time it would have been a different situation,\" he said."
"He said he would hold a special meeting of his Cabinet later in the week to discuss the issue of the referendum."
"\"The way to be able to make sure that they're getting the support and the support they need is to have the support, the information, the information,\" he said."
"\"The department is committed to ensuring that its members have the ability to contribute to the local economy in a safe, efficient and effective manner,\" she said."
"If the referendum is held, the government will have to explain why it will not guarantee a longer period of free movement."
"She said it would be an \"exciting time \"for her in the UK, adding that the country had \"always had \"a long way to go \"before it was taken over by a third party."
"But in other states, like Florida, where the most recent polls have shown Clinton ahead by one- point margin, Sanders has been able to distance himself from Trump."
"With so much at stake, is it better to leave the EU than to stay in it at all?"
"\"The game is going to be competitive, and I think the players will be competitive as well,\" he said."
"It's not a perfect measure but it's a useful one- it gives the city better information and the ability to assess whether it's safe."
"The bank says it will continue to monitor the markets, but it has not yet delivered on its promises to shareholders."
"The Government must also agree to make sure every child can access primary education if they want to go to university."
"It's just something we've been doing since the start, we've been doing it for a long time."
"\"I've got to tell you, it's just not in my hands,\" Trump said after the debate."
"But my aim is to do something that will enable us to get back to the focus of our lives- and the problems that lie ahead."
"If you had heard that you could get it online, you would have been surprised at how good it turned out to be."
"In a statement, the airline said it had spoken to the airline's employees and was aware of the problem."
"We have a policy in place that is not only illegal but is illegal because of the actions that are taking place in the region."
"It's nice that we're the only club in the Premier League to be named in the list of the best in the world."
"It's really exciting, but I'm also, as a woman, a woman who feels like I'm supposed to have this voice and to be able to speak my own language."
"She said:'I always felt that I was in a great position and was in the best position I could possibly be in."
"\"It is a good feeling to know that I am able to play again and to be in a new team,\" he said."
"I have to say I am really impressed with the commitment they have put into their players and it is brilliant to see."
"\"I am not suggesting that we want to stay in the EU, but it is a decision that we need to make,\" he said."
"\"My parents made it very clear that we don't want to see a family whose children are struggling to pay their bills,\" he said."
"\"When I was a kid, we used to just go out and play at the park and it was a lot easier to go out there and play,\" he said."
"I have been saying this for some time, and I don't think it's the right time to be giving up."
"I know I'll be a good role model, but I'm not going to make you a role model just because you're transgender."
"The government needs to make it easier for students to access the same legal and financial aid that they do, the report says."
"The campaign had used the ad in the past, but no one was willing to say what it would be, at least in South Carolina, where it was critical to the state's Republican primary."
"This is a once- in- a- lifetime chance for both of you to get your own little town in America."
"The Conservative MP for Central London East said he was \"surprised \"that he could vote in this way, as the SNP is strongly opposed to Labour's position."
"At a campaign rally in Ohio on Friday, Trump said, \"I am going to build a great wall, and I'm going to build a great wall."
"The government has refused to provide any information on the nature of the money- and it is unclear whether the money has been paid for in cash."
"But if you want to get a better idea of how it works- and what you might be able to do with it- this is a good place to start."
"I wanted to go for my first Olympic medal, and that's the main thing that I want to do, and it's a big thing for me."
"\"I'm sure we can all agree that the game has changed dramatically in the last two years,\" he said."
"\"He said he was going to say that, but I don't think he meant it,\" she said."
"The company, which had a profit of $ 3. 9 billion in the three months to February, is expected to report its results in two weeks."
"He said it was his belief that the virus had reached a stage where it was unlikely to spread further."
"\"It was a tough decision to go there, but I think it's a very important decision,\" he said."
"A spokesman for the US State Department said, \"Secretary Clinton has made clear that the United States is committed to the most robust international response to the ongoing challenges that we face."
"A government spokesman said the \"overwhelming support \"was \"for a new national high- speed rail line that would provide the best possible service for all."
"She said:'I was worried that if we get too many visitors and people come in we will get too loud and we will have to cut our emissions too."
"I'm looking forward to this new challenge and I think I'll be the person that the public will be looking to for inspiration for this new challenge."
"And they'll work for free- that's their word, but we're not getting paid to do it."
"He told the newspaper that he had been living in his own house and that he had not come to visit his brother, his wife and the six children."
"\"I don't know, it's not that I'm going to look for someone else,\" he said."
"Some economists say the uncertainty could be used to shore up support for the two major parties ahead of the general election in June."
"As an example, the United States and Canada can join together for a ceasefire in Syria that would also be implemented in Iraq."
"\"If there are a lot of people on the streets, then it is easier for us to bring them to justice,\" he said."
"The right of Parliament to choose its leader is guaranteed, but that does not mean we should leave it up to individual members to decide how they vote."
"He had been on the run from the beginning, in 2015, when he was released from jail on bail after he was found guilty of sex offences involving a 17- year- old girl."
"\"I don't want to be a Republican, but I want to be a Democrat,\" she said."
"'I've had a lot of nice things from my teammates, but it's a great feeling now."
"A woman is being treated for a broken leg after a helicopter she was flying on crashed after hitting a tree on its landing."
"In addition to the delay, it would mean many people who have been in the city for less than two weeks are already living in the city and not eligible for benefits."
"After two years of negotiations, the two countries have agreed to form a new coalition government to deal with the crisis in Syria."
"When we arrived in the camp, I was really nervous, because we were expecting to be in the camp for the whole day."
"It's only in the last couple of months that I've been able to do that because of the club I've been with and the relationships I've had with them."
"\"When you leave the hospital, you can't stop at the door, but you can change the number of times you leave,\" he said."
"\"I think there is a whole different generation in the show, and this generation is starting to see a lot of the things that were done in the show,\" he said."
"\"I think he will go to the convention with a win,\" Clinton said of Sanders, who won the Democratic nomination for president in November."
"'It's been a while since we've been up to the challenge of playing in the finals and I'm happy to be part of it."
"\"We did a good job of putting together a group and that's what we need to do now,\" he said."
"He's one of the best at that, and he's one of the best at defending, but he's also one of the best at getting on the ball."
"They'll be able to take on some of the world's biggest companies, while also having a chance to create a new global brand."
"I went to a party in the 1970s where I was involved in a lot of white people's lives."
"And what I think is that what's important is that it's not just about the numbers, but it's about what's happening in the world."
"He said it was \"unclear \"whether the city had suffered more than one fatal shooting since the event began."
"I'm still working out a lot of the details, but I've got a feeling that the [ team ] is going to be a very big factor."
"The paper says that more than one million patients will be affected, with more than 500, 000 in Wales alone."
"The hospital said the woman had been left with serious injuries and was taken to a hospital in critical but stable condition."
"It was a big step forward and hopefully a big step back for him as well, because he's the last thing he wants to do, and he's trying to take his life."
"\"I know the game better than anyone, and we have a team in place that we will be able to have a chance to play,\" he said."
"And if the study doesn't prove that water is good for you, you may want to consider spending a little extra money."
"\"I have worked with many of the most important players in the world, and I know they have been disappointed and disappointed with what they have been offered,\" he said."
"We think there is a chance that we might have to think about it for some time, and we'd like to think we could get away with it."
"The spokesman added that the number of people who could not get into the clinic had increased since the attack but that they were still waiting to see a specialist."
"The team that is trying to do the best they can to win games is probably the one that is the best team in the world."
"You can only do this if you're willing to do the right thing and take the right action in the right way."
"He may be able to improve his play with the ball, but I'm not sure he can play like he did in the first half."
"That is the closest I have ever been to seeing my own mother, and I am just so happy to be living in the same world as her."
"It was like going to a really bad place, and you can't do that if you're not prepared for it."
"\"I think it's an interesting idea,\" he told The Post, \"to see how they go about it."
"It is important to note that this is a man who has already committed suicide by hanging himself on a tree."
"He had two years remaining on a six- year prison sentence when he was found guilty of rape and sexual assault by force of a court- ordered jury."
"\"It's just a small group of guys who are going to be back there for a long time,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what I was thinking when I came here and I'm not sure why I thought that."
"This season, he's been sacked five times, and he's made some very interesting decisions that have made a lot of people upset."
"But there is no evidence to back up the claim that the UK will pay any income tax in the coming year."
"The amount of money that goes into these contracts is so much higher than what the government of Israel could give to the Palestinian people."
"This is not the first time the Government has taken a clear stand in favour of the project but it is the first time it has been told by the Government that it would not be able to go ahead."
"That was the first time he'd actually been in a game, and I had never been in a game before."
"There are things in the game where they can score goals, they can get those goals, so it's a lot of pressure."
"I know that we are going to have to see what the medical side of things is, but we have to see what the medical side is."
"The former secretary of state has said her vote is based on the evidence, but has said it would not be her choice to change her mind."
"The next step is to have a cabinet meeting and the government will then have to decide on an agreement to form a new government."
"So what's more important, what is the politics behind this, is that they have to see this through to the end."
"We have a contract and we have to get on with the job and I'm not sure what the terms are."
"One of the things he's done is he's said you shouldn't be around too much and he's done it with the bench."
"In recent days, members of the opposition have said they will not support a return to the elections if they are prevented from taking part."
"They also reported a 26 per cent drop in the number of people turning up to the polls to vote."
"He's become one of the top- rated young players in the game and we have to keep our eyes on him."
"If you have a card and want to pay an extra fee, you can use the extra amount to pay for your own travel."
"It was so strange to find out that I'm going to be very much in a very different place as an actress."
"In the last two years, this number has grown by six per cent, and it is the biggest number ever recorded."
"\"There is no reason why this kind of waste should be allowed to continue,\" he told Sky News."
"In a statement, the United Nations said it was committed to making sure that humanitarian aid is properly provided in Aleppo."
"The boy was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he was told his life would be saved if he was allowed to return home."
"\"I just want to say thank you to everyone who's helped me out of the situation,\" he added."
"We are not really doing anything wrong- we have done it before in the past and we are not looking to change any aspects of the game."
"The only real answer is the Government's: it's not possible, and it's hard to see how the UK can escape the crisis."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a one- off,\" said Johnson, who is the team's second- longest- serving player."
"The governor's announcement comes as the United States and other countries are discussing how to respond to the deadly virus."
"\"I'd like to play in a title game and be on the level that I am today and we have to work our way up,\" he said."
"It's a massive test for the government, which has no plan for addressing the vast challenges it faces, let alone the challenges that are facing the UK."
"In terms of the other side of things, we'd have to be a lot more careful about what we put into that."
"In a statement, the White House said Obama is \"deeply concerned \"about the safety of the U. S. troops on the ground."
"When I got back, I found out that he was in a hospital, and I was worried that he was going to die."
"For a time, they were hoping to get a couple of weeks off, but they're already getting sick of the pain."
"\"I think the public are aware of this and are being encouraged to take action now,\" he said."
"He said the incident had led to concern among staff and customers, but not enough information to form a determination of what to do next."
"\"I'm not thinking of doing another run in my career and I'm still looking for a home somewhere,\" he said."
"\"We've got a long way to go, but I'm confident that we're going to see some big changes,\" he said."
"She was found guilty of 11 counts of fraud and five counts of fraud from March 2013 to March 2015."
"She said: \"The decision is now up to the court, but I would like to say to my fans that we are happy with the outcome."
"The bank has also been accused of making an \"easy \"difference between its values and those of its customers."
"It is a strange reaction, but I know how lucky I am to be an American, so I will keep doing it."
"That's what we're looking for, we're looking for something new, something new that people can connect with, and we want people to try it."
"I want to be the best we can be, and the best I can be, and I'm going to keep doing everything I can to help this team win."
"So it's a great chance to be able to look at the league and see what's going on in the league."
"But it is also a test of the resolve of the United States, which is concerned about the outcome of the negotiations and does not see it as a threat."
"To prevent that, you'll need to ensure you're a true supporter of the GOP ticket when you vote."
"\"We have not asked him to participate in our election- he said that he would,\" Clinton said."
"I'm sure that, if he plays again, we'll be able to get a lot of the things that he's been missing."
"It's also the time of year when you see a lot of people who would not have had the opportunity to have a child when they had the chance."
"\"I've got to say, in the last couple of days, we've been really excited about the way we're playing the game,\" Johnson said."
"We're going to get those wins, and that's all the better for us, because we'll have to go out there and put those guys right back in the match box and win the match."
"The UK, however, is not a member of any EU single market, nor has it been since the end of the Second World War."
"\"I'll be very, very careful, and I'll be very careful that I can't pick him up from school,\" he said."
"A police spokeswoman said the woman had a previous conviction for theft and was released on bail."
"It will be a difficult job but I have to do it for the team and the fans and the people that I work with."
"\"I want to be clear that the whole of this country, including our southern border, has a right of self- determination,\" Trump said."
"If he's still in it, there's going to be a lot of people talking about him and his parents."
"\"The president- elect and I have had a very close and personal relationship, I can tell you that,\" Trump said."
"I was kind of playing it safe, I was doing all the best I could to protect him and I think he was the right person to do that."
"\"I didn't know if I was going to be able to get a job because of what they were doing,\" he said."
"We knew we'd be playing, we knew we'd be playing well and it was a great win for us."
"A bit of a risk but I'm happy with the performance so far and I know we'll be looking for that over the coming days."
"The fourth- placed team will be asked to win a match at the top of the table before the competition, in which it will qualify for the finals."
"\"If we lose the war in Syria we are going to lose the war in Iraq, and we're going to have to fight it all the time,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to allow a president to be any more democratic than we are, and that's something we're going to have to work with our allies and partners,\" Trump said in February."
"\"We all have a role to play, and it's something that we all have to take seriously,\" he said."
"And I have to say, I think that what has to be really hard for him is that I'm just playing as hard as I can and, as I said before, I'm coming off a good week in training and putting in the"
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have someone in that position that's doing that,\" he said."
"\"I'm definitely the candidate to change the entire way we go about our lives,\" he said."
"There's a lot to be done, but it's a good thing to be alive and I'll see you on the road when I come back."
"The reality is that, by all means, we should be taking more steps to ensure that the investment that will be made in the NHS is invested in a truly world- class NHS."
"\"You need to work out where the players are, and you don't want to give them too much time to figure it out,\" he said."
"\"It is a great honor to represent Canada and to be selected to represent this country,\" the company said in a statement."
"We had a lot of things going on but I felt like I was doing the best I could, so I'm not surprised."
"He said:'They will tell you that they're going to try to get a deal done but they're going to try to get the court to put something on the books that they don't like."
"The risk is that you'll spend the first 10 years of your life in a place that you didn't even know you were in."
"There are a lot of people who would just rather go back to the days when there was nothing to do but go on to do the same job."
"In a speech on Monday, Trump said: \"We know that we've got to get along with China, and that's fine."
"The president- elect's pick for secretary of state is less popular than the Republican nominee, though not necessarily more popular than the Democratic candidate."
"\"They are taking it very seriously and we have not been given a reason to be concerned,\" she said."
"With less than one month until the election, Trump's campaign is going all out to win Florida and, of course, a handful of swing states."
"The source said the man had just been on a date with a woman and was taking a break from alcohol."
"There is one area where the competition has been great, and it's been with the club and the players for a long time."
"I'm also a human being and I'm not going to give up on you, and I'm going to keep fighting for you until you're free."
"The two nations have agreed that they must pay a $ 2. 7 billion fine for violations of international humanitarian law."
"When I was younger I was always worried that my clothes were going to show up in the fashion industry,\" he says."
"The first quarter of 2015 was dominated by some of the lowest oil prices in U. S. history, but prices are still expected to keep rising."
"It's difficult, but I'm determined to get there, but it's not easy, but it's a chance to get that experience and that's what it's all about."
"The deal, which was supposed to begin on Monday, had been expected to be completed by late February, but the delay was extended by a week, and the agreement was not finished."
"As the world's most valuable economy, China has a huge demand for clothing and a rich history of international trade."
"\"We have to take the next step and take action against the terrorists who are planning attacks like this,\" she said."
"In one case, a Muslim woman from Pakistan was arrested after returning to the US after she was denied entry to the United States."
"The other night, he was a little nervous because he hadn't seen his wife for three months and he didn't know what had happened to her."
"So we are going to be meeting for a few weeks, which means we will be having a couple of meetings every year."
"And, as a result, the numbers of patients who are deemed too old to have the procedure dropped from a record high of 5. 3 million in 2014 to 3. 1 million in 2015."
"He added that he believes the current system will not work for a lot of people, but that it would be a good way for the state to protect its citizens from corruption."
"The woman, who did not want to be named, said she had no idea why she was being questioned and said she was not able to explain what she had been doing."
"\"A police investigation is under way to establish the circumstances surrounding the shooting and the circumstances surrounding the death of Mr. Johnson,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the Democratic Party for possible violations of civil rights laws by its presidential candidates."
"This was the second time in his career he had given up goals in the same period- both times against Liverpool."
"I really want to thank all my family for their support and the support they have shown me throughout my career."
"The Supreme Court could give rise to the possibility of more recent changes to a voting law that would give voters a say in a state's election process."
"\"It's not the most exciting time of your life, but we're not the only ones who are having fun,\" she said."
"\"This is a very important part of the argument: why are we giving up the use of force?\"he said."
"They were still sitting in his vehicle, waiting for the police to arrive, and he said he believed the two men had been murdered."
"In a statement released on Friday, the US embassy in Beijing said that the embassy had \"no more information \"on the circumstances surrounding the death of Mr Lee."
"But we're not going to be able to get into that,\" he said, adding that the county would need to have extra money."
"We are told there is a \"concentration of authority \"to ensure this is not the case in the future, but this may be a result of the rise of Donald Trump."
"He is the ultimate man, the kind of man who never let anyone down and never let anyone have a chance."
"A year ago, I took a long hard look at the Giants, and there were certain areas where they were as good as they had to be."
"It's no surprise that black voters are more likely to have voted for a Democrat than for a Republican in a general election."
"It's going to be a tough league and we can't afford to have to make a run at the top four."
"The whole reason for the vote in the referendum was to protect the EU, but now we are doing that again."
"It is hard to get a good picture of what is going on in the world right now, let alone what is going on in the next five to 10 years."
"\"I'm confident we can build on the progress we've made and continue to improve our country's economic performance,\" he said."
"The court heard Mr Jones had a history of mental health issues, including depression and anxiety, which he had been struggling to control."
"I'm not surprised that he felt like he had a better chance of winning the nomination than he did in the primaries."
"As well as the new investment in the NHS and social care, it is expected that the remaining \u00a3 1. 6 billion will be used to support wider education and skills development."
"'We've been discussing what we would have done, and I've said that I don't want to see the ground in her hands."
"In a week, he had been telling his followers, \"There is no God,\" but when he heard of the claim, he thought it was a lie."
"\"I think I'll be back and I'll take care of the things that I have to do,\" he said."
"As of this writing, there are no plans to open up the store in its current form, but it will remain open."
"We had a day off and then we have to get back to work on the court, and I would like to thank the coaches for their hard work."
"There were two players who were in the mix, but I felt like if we had a team that was better at possession we could be playing better than that."
"At the time, it was believed that it would take between 10 and 20 years to recover the recovered DNA."
"The new tax was introduced by Chancellor George Osborne in April but is likely to be introduced by the end of the year, according to the Treasury."
"\"A lot of people don't realise it is a very important thing,\" he said when asked about the importance of the programme."
"\"I was pretty sure it would have been a three- or four- year game,\" he said."
"In the worst- case scenario, some of the money could go to treatment and mental healthcare for people who have mental health issues."
"I know it's a big price to pay, and you can't afford to pay it at home."
"\"I hope it's a sign of respect, of course, but also of confidence that you can do something like this,\" he said."
"It's just that I love the fact that I'm able to do it on my own terms- I just do it with my hands."
"She told the BBC:'I just didn't want to be involved in the climate change thing because I think it would be a mistake."
"The man and woman were taken to a hospital, where they were treated for non- life- threatening injuries."
"There are two reasons why the Americans have not yet joined in the fight: the president's efforts to sell them out ; and the fact that he has not yet made a decision."
"And I think it's one of the reasons that she is so popular with young people is because she is so different from the old adage that they should be poor."
"The video was filmed as part of a week- long campaign to raise awareness of Zika in Brazil and the Caribbean."
"A nurse who was stabbed at the hospital and treated for an injury suffered a serious head wound."
"The EU has held a series of rounds of talks with Turkey over the issue of the border crossing between Syria and Turkey."
"It was the first time we've been here since we opened here, it's a massive achievement and it's an opportunity to show our world and to have a home away from home."
"A survey of more than 1, 000 workers conducted in India has found that most are from other parts of the world and no less."
"He told me that it would be amazing for me to take on a role that is more involved than just my career."
"I'm grateful for the message and how many people have helped me to get here."
"I don't know how many times I've had to do this and I've done it a few times now."
"She said:'I would like to think I've done my duty and done my duty- I'm not here to get a jump on somebody."
"We had the ball at the end of the second half, and I'm not sure we could have beaten them."
"And you'll have to believe me- the only thing I've said that I don't think would cause a big problem to the party is that I will not campaign for Hillary Clinton."
"A quick look at his campaign finance records shows he spent $ 4. 1 million in June alone."
"It's been a pretty tough road to go through but you always want to win and we'll have to try and do that."
"\"I was just thinking about making a video and I was just going to go and see my friends,\" he said."
"The court is also considering a request from the couple, who have two sons and a daughter, that they have their names removed from the birth records."
"The effort to lower emissions to 2 percent below 2005 levels is still just beginning, but it is the first step toward a more ambitious goal."
"So far, most of the country has been divided between the pro- government and anti- government parties, while in some cases the opposition has taken centre stage."
"The problem is that people like these, who like to be in high- end stores, have no idea what they're doing."
"In 2014, the European Commission gave it a boost by setting out plans for data protection in the digital economy."
"But the company has also found a way to make a bigger impact, and a way to change how people view their lives."
"There were a lot of things in the UK and I think we should have a clear message to the world about what we want."
"\"We have to make sure that the public has a sense of what is in the best interests of our country,\" he said."
"\"He's still young and young in a very young age, but he's at a very good age to be able to put himself through that,\" he said of Trump."
"That's why they've had a really tough time over the last couple of years, they're really struggling."
"\"We were just trying to get it down to a point where it was a little bit more comfortable,\" she said."
"It would be a big task to get the fans in the stands and we are looking at that, but we are on the right track."
"We are proud to partner with the federal, state and local governments and the community to make sure that these programs are a success and help bring about more affordable housing and better quality of life for the city."
"She has also faced accusations of sexual assault, sexual harassment and a similar class action lawsuit against the university."
"He also noted that there are fewer than 400, 000 miles of natural gas lines in the United States, and that the United States has no natural gas plants in the region."
"But the EU has so far agreed to one- up that settlement and that's what we're looking at."
"\"I'd always liked to play rugby and it was always the way it was, but I didn't really care,\" he said."
"The main point of the report was that of the 56% who thought Britain should stay in, only 10% believed the UK should become a member of the European Union."
"The UN Security Council will vote in early December on a resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in Syria and all other areas of conflict- including the civil war- to end."
"The Greens are expecting a solid performance in the final week of the election campaign, with the party's candidate in Perth predicted to win."
"She said she didn't think it would be good for the club, but it was a good club and it is a good opportunity for them."
"It was the first time in a decade that the sport of the players would be repeated in Australia and another big step in the development of the sport in South Australia."
"However, it's not just about the overall impact on food production, it's about the environmental impact, it's about all the jobs in the food chain."
"However, the 29- year- old has since broken the record for most attempts to move a ball in the final 10 minutes of a game."
"I've been here since before the war, when I was a kid, and I've got to tell you, I really like it here."
"\"They are both really good at it, but they are not the same,\" he said of the Chinese players."
"She will go to Scotland and is likely to face a vote of no confidence after a referendum on independence in June."
"\"I've been in politics for 25 years and I can say that I know where the problems lie,\" she said."
"\"I think in the U. S. right now, we've got to take that back to Russia and take it to the Russians,\" Trump said."
"On the other hand, if the person is a high- level employee, then it's a better decision to stay- or not- at work."
"If you were to sign up for the website and I said, \"You've got to do this,\" that would be a good sign."
"\"I will do whatever is necessary to try to get the best possible deal for the people of our country,\" he said."
"The player's presence in the team's coaching staff is crucial and will be critical in the future of the club."
"The man who saved the family from the blast said he had just been off work when the blast occurred and that he had gone to the store with his wife to buy food."
"We are not going to let them get away with anything, so if they try to do it, we will take them to court."
"\"What they don't want to talk to you about is the actual processes they're going through,\" he said."
"The government will also set aside about $ 40 million for this year's budget and $ 40 million in the next budget."
"The new system is expected to be rolled out to the U. S. market by the end of 2017, with the majority of participants already in the country."
"We think that they have a lot of potential, but we don't think it's going to happen overnight,\" she said."
"The company said it would receive $ 250 million in additional funding from the federal government in a wide- ranging program to fund the next administration."
"The Obama administration says the program, which has not been tested in North Korea, is critical to helping China and other nations fight the threat."
"It is not a thing that can be considered normal or normal in the sense that you have to be good, or you have to be good in order to be good."
"There are just so many reasons why a woman who is different to the rest of us should choose a career in marketing."
"The results show that the UK's economy is still struggling with a huge labour deficit, despite growing economic growth in the past two years."
"I have been out there a few times, but I have had to make an emotional decision about it,\" he said."
"He said:'It was a terrible shock when it happened but the men at the party were very emotional and well spoken."
"I'm sure we can get him to come back and play, and that will be the case for him."
"They were also found to have a lower rate of anxiety, depression or other anxiety- related symptoms than those who were not connected to the internet."
"The nation's largest city saw a record number of people travel the country for work, creating jobs and creating new industries."
"But we've got a pretty good relationship, we've got a good relationship, we've got a good relationship, we're going through the process now, we're going to get through it."
"\"This is a reminder to us that if we don't take action now, we may have to wait until the debate to be sure we're all going to get along,\" he said."
"It's tough to be in a situation where you can't play for the national team and you've got to try to win the league."
"The timing of the closure is important, because it means we will not be able to send a message to the other countries in Europe."
"We should have been calling for a full investigation into all of these things, but it's the same with the one- way ticket."
"For more than two decades, we have been an alliance of activists, of teachers, of friends, of colleagues, and of people we can connect with."
"We're going to make a deal, we're going to win the game and I'm going to help the team win the game."
"For those who are interested, the latest version of the app is available for free in the US, Canada, Australia, Brazil, India, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand and South Korea."
"They don't need to live in a world where they can't be denied equal rights because of their race, sex, religion, age or disability."
"The study involved more than 7, 500 patients with type 2 diabetes, and the data was presented at the American Association for the Advancement of Science annual meeting in Baltimore, Maryland."
"\"If we can't manage that, if we can't manage the right team to be the best we can, then I don't know what is going to happen,\" he said."
"The rules were made in response to the launch of the smartphone application \"Zoo,\" which launched last year."
"This is the first time the French government has announced its plans for an all- out military offensive against Islamic State, which has targeted an airport and a restaurant."
"The move, however, will only take effect in the spring of 2018, which would keep it open until at least 2019."
"I have a great respect and knowledge of the situation, but I also have a big heart because of the people who have made my life so amazing."
"\"What I've always known is that when the two of you are in a relationship, it's not as if you're trying to get anything from each other,\" she said."
"Mr Trump, the US president- elect and his wife, the US secretary of state, have also urged voters to stay away from the polling stations."
"\"I knew I was not going to win it, and I knew I had to do something about it,\" he said."
"He's the worst kind of player in the league, and that's the way we want to play him."
"And it has a very high quality of life and to be able to spend so much time with that kind of person and people who are so different from you."
"This is the first time a show with a 15- episode run has been on air for the first time in the 20- year history of the show."
"I want to thank the people of Flint for everything they've done for me and my family and I look forward to being with them and helping them move on."
"What's more, this relationship has a real impact on your health and well- being, as the results can be important to a woman's well- being."
"We don't know if she is alive or not and we don't know where she's been or where she is."
"And we're not going to get this guy into jail because of the drug that we're getting out of it."
"He did not want to be accused of any crime, but he did feel he had to deal with the crisis in his community."
"I don't know what will happen with the food in the house, but we have to leave it."
"If it doesn't work out in the end, it's hard to think of another explanation for the simple fact that this was the right one."
"However, in the past few months the number of men who have done this has increased by 30 per cent and in the past 12 months it has increased by 10 per cent."
"She told the newspaper that she was not on the list but wanted to know if she could apply to another position."
"On top of that, it's not just the fact that I have a record that's a gift to me."
"\"We are talking about a person that has been sitting in a room and talking for years about this,\" he said."
"The tournament was cancelled after several international events and the first of the three major finals, which will take place in Shanghai in April, were cancelled due to security concerns, the tournament website said."
"It's a matter of just making sure we can make an impact, and that we're able to put the ball in the net."
"It was his second time in his first round in the final over and it was a nice result for us."
"\"I was always thinking about the future, the future of the country, and I've never experienced anything like it,\" she told BBC News."
"I would be on the outside but I could also make out the police there are not looking very comfortable but I can't see anything wrong with that."
"The 29- year- old was arrested on suspicion of murder on Tuesday and was being held in a police station."
"\"I'm going to be a great wife and mother to my kids, and I'm going to take care of them for the rest of my life, and I'm going to be a great husband and father,\" she said."
"He also did not accept that the country was involved in a bombing of a military base in Iraq, and said he would not take sides in a military conflict."
"But it was a great goal for us, and I'm just grateful for everything I've done in the last few years."
"As a result, many companies, including many well- known names in the medical industry, have come under scrutiny over their practices."
"\"I'd be like, \"You know what, I've been playing this for 15 years."
"\"It's a real honor, not to see my dad in the White House,\" she says."
"\"I didn't know who she was or what she wanted, I just thought she was a lovely girl,\" he says."
"On Monday, the State Department confirmed that it would send hundreds of government officials and other people to Syria to help fight the Islamic State group."
"He says: \"There are a lot of things that people can do to change the world, but I don't know how."
"\"It is about how to take what we've got and make a good run at winning,\" he added."
"At the end of the day, I think we all know we're in the best position to win."
"I was a bit shocked, but I wasn't too surprised that the woman's body was found on top of the boat."
"\"We've got a team that's going to give us that win we need,\" he said."
"I just felt like I could do something that would make my life a lot easier, and that's to go out there and perform."
"It was about a year and a half ago that I started the team and I've been really good all year long."
"He said: \"What I see in the UK as a country is something that is getting worse, but I'm not going to be one of them."
"The issue will be discussed in the House of Commons on Tuesday, after a two- day debate in the Senate."
"They used to be the best in the world, but they were struggling to make ends meet, so they were getting taken advantage of."
"However, even so, a team of eight or more people has to be able to predict what the future will bring."
"She had a number of friends in the village, and they all saw how much she was feeling."
"\"We did not feel we had the control to make the decisions we wanted, and now we are moving forward,\" she said."
"That's what I wanted to say to the guys: we're going to get all the help we need."
"In the past, when these situations have been especially intense, they often come at a time when you are struggling to keep up with the events of the day."
"Some women have decided to change their routine for better, or they're on a diet, for the opposite reason."
"I was sitting in the middle of the stadium in New York and I saw the crowd go crazy and I saw my kids play basketball, I had to get out there."
"\"It is the first time a British prime minister has had the chance to engage with his own people, or the British people,\" Mr Cameron said."
"But we don't have a good reason to think the Republicans will hold a special election in 2020."
"We have a very small team in this country, and I think it's very important to have a small team."
"\"When you're going through this, it's difficult to see the way you're feeling,\" she said."
"It is not clear what role the Government will play in the review process or how it will decide whether it will be part of the UK government's selection of a commissioner."
"A lot of players are scared because they know that if they come here, they will not get a chance to play and they are not going to win."
"If this is the case, then the only way we can help them is to create the right environment, and in that environment, the right trust is in their hands."
"If you're like me, you're looking at the whole weekend of Saturday and Sunday, trying to decide how much to go for, and how much to leave."
"The law is still in effect in some states, and this week the National Park Service announced that it will be considering the proposal."
"\"We can't continue to do the same thing when it comes to education,\" he told the BBC."
"It was a struggle to hold the team together, which was crucial to the winning goal, but I knew that my performance was going to help the team."
"We have so many people in this room, so many people who have worked in the room for 20 years and are a part of our community."
"\"I'm a bit tired,\" he said, adding that he is already looking forward to winning the Rio Olympics."
"This is the only way for me to have a future, but also because I didn't have my true identity as the person I am today."
"\"This is not a game, it's a joke and I will make the mistake of saying that,\" he said."
"It's great to get a couple of rounds in with a lot of different players and to be able to play a couple of rounds with a lot of guys."
"In the film, an agent takes a cut of the $ 1 million in his pocket to give a room to a female agent."
"They'd be a lot more concerned about the health of the people who were working there than those who didn't have jobs."
"The statement said:'In this very sensitive situation, we are confident the father will be found safe and well."
"And you'll see the same guys, it's a different atmosphere as well, and then you've got to get better."
"That's why it's so important to get as many of these items as possible, to make sure they're always coming in."
"\"If you want to talk about diversity, I don't think we've got a great idea for how we're going to do that,\" she said."
"He was a little bit disappointed, but he felt very comfortable in the club and he's come back to the club now."
"The first time I met her she was a bit scared, and had no idea what was going to happen."
"In September, the US and Russia agreed on a ceasefire, bringing the US- led coalition to the ground to halt the advance of IS."
"The Syrian civil war has killed more than 250, 000 people, displaced over 3. 5 million people and displaced the region's economy."
"We would like to thank the local community for their concern, but we are not treating this as a hate crime."
"This is not an ideal situation to be in, and we are talking about a situation where we could end up losing that one game."
"\"The decision to leave the EU has consequences for Scotland's economy, for the UK as a whole, and for the UK economy as a whole,\" the report said."
"But one year later, he has said that the project has achieved \"great things,\" and that the city is now looking for \"new, sustainable options \"to expand it."
"I think the fans deserve a lot of credit for this performance and we will work hard to get back to the top of the league."
"A new survey shows that more than three- quarters of adults in the US are now taking fewer days off work than they used to."
"But if the argument is that there's something wrong with us, that it's not a crime to be gay, that we're not at the top of society, then maybe we shouldn't be fighting the cause."
"There were at least two incidents in the same week, but no official figures on the total number of attacks."
"We are working closely with the authorities in the area to secure the safe and appropriate recovery of the body and to provide assistance to the medical team."
"They want to know who has the power to protect us, and who is responsible for the deaths of our fellow citizens."
"\"I think it's the same thing every single time, so if it's something you're worried about, I think it's worth it,\" she said."
"I will tell you right now, I have always loved the team, and that's what makes me so proud."
"This is a good opportunity to speak to anyone who's been to South Carolina and knows the impact it has on their community."
"\"The only time I am asked about this is to tell me that I am not being honest,\" he said."
"We knew it would be very difficult, but we were prepared to go out there and try to win it."
"If the police officer hadn't been wearing body cameras and made sure he was not hitting a vehicle, he would have been found guilty."
"In a separate incident, a man was arrested by police on suspicion of murder after he was stabbed to death in a row at a Glasgow pub."
"A man who lost his life trying to help a blind man in his search for a missing man has died."
"We've got to make sure we protect our troops and our country by focusing on the most vulnerable among us, not on the very vulnerable."
"\"I was going to get the chance to play my best rugby at the World Cup and hopefully I can achieve that,\" he said."
"The only time you can say we've won by eight or nine points is if we take a couple of games out of games and we're back to winning by nine."
"I have a very nice friend and she was just so, so lovely, and it's just been nice, you know, as she went on this trip."
"\"When I was younger, I didn't have a lot of money,\" he says, adding: \"I could go to the hospital or the gym and I'd do all the work."
"The SNP leader has repeatedly urged the Scottish government to do more to improve care for people living with dementia and in communities."
"The report said that while the change in policy was a welcome step, it was not enough to stop a high- level outbreak of Zika infection in the country."
"He has said that he had been disappointed that he had to travel alone in the country to attend the funeral, but was more disappointed that the funeral was not held in a church, instead of a community church."
"\"The results of our investigation will help to show that it was a criminal act,\" the firm said in a statement."
"There are people who are very vulnerable, and we need to make sure they are on the right side of the law."
"At the end of the day, I'm looking forward to seeing her come to my table."
"\"I've never seen a society that would do something like that,\" he said in an interview."
"\"We can't win the Super Bowl this season because we'll have to keep trying,\" he said."
"I have had the opportunity to meet with some of the players, and as far as the future of the team is concerned, that is the future we are going to have."
"After a few hours, the photographer decided to sit back and wait for the next wave of tourists to arrive."
"On the other hand, we have not, and will not, turn a blind eye to the situation in Syria."
"It's great to see them back in the game, but they're playing very well and they've got some big games ahead of them."
"\"There is a lot of speculation, and there is a lot of noise, but it's just a matter of time,\" he says."
"On Saturday, the state's political parties called a special session to create a national executive committee to elect the new speaker."
"And we are going to take on the big questions that have been raised in the last several weeks: what does he think Donald Trump's policies will do to America's standing in the world?"
"But in contrast to the consumer, who are most likely to fall in love with a product, they are more likely to take it when they realise they can."
"But I don't think he's in trouble in any of the other positions that he's shown."
"The incident occurred just before 11 a. m. on Wednesday and a man was shot in the head by police."
"A new poll shows that Britain's economy has improved by more than a fifth since the summer of 2014."
"But I think we should just keep in mind that the issues that we face are related to different factors and I don't think we should let that prevent us from seeing progress."
"I think it's fair to say I have no interest in taking on that role, and certainly not a role that I would prefer to do."
"But if you've got two kids, it's not really a problem if you've got a baby and a job to do."
"The new rule will go into effect next month, and there are concerns that some women may not be able to obtain the procedure if they are not sure how to get pregnant."
"The most common questions asked about this study are: \"How old is the person and how is it related to other factors?\"and \"Is the person a woman or is the person a man?"
"You're going to have to see it, and we're going to have to see it to decide whether or not it's worth the effort."
"However, the official said the Army has also been working on a plan to improve the force structure and make it more diverse."
"\"It's a little bit like being the president of the United States of America,\" Trump told CNN."
"You have to make the most of your opportunities to be an impact player for the club and we all wanted to give our best to everyone."
"This time last year, she spent her three- year- old daughter watching her mother go to school."
"\"I don't think there's a place for him in this country that doesn't have a problem with police officers,\" he said."
"If they think the economy is bad, why are they always so optimistic about the stock market and the stock market?"
"\"When I'm at work and my boss says I have to leave, I just try to work my heart out,\" she says."
"The spokeswoman said that while he was not there on Saturday, she could not rule out that the relationship was continuing."
"This will be a great occasion for the Prime Minister as well as the families of the people who lost their lives in the attack."
"\"It is a dangerous situation for the people of this country, for our country,\" he said on Saturday."
"It also highlighted that the number of refugees and migrants crossing the Mediterranean from Greece to Italy is now at its lowest point since the beginning of the refugee crisis in 2015."
"\"It's a small part of the case that we need to make, and that's the critical part of the case that we need to get the facts right,\" he said."
"The bank is also looking into how much the market value of its assets is worth relative to its profits, according to a report last month."
"I think it's going to be a really tough challenge for them, to have that finish the first set."
"And that was before the Lakers- Lakers was in the news, and now they're a bit of a mystery."
"The agreement, in principle, was not going to go through and the dispute could have been settled out of court."
"It is currently the second most popular form of suicide in the world, but for the first time, the rate of deaths from suicide has been shown to be increasing."
"The road to recovery is long and difficult, but we are determined to keep moving forward with the latest research and the best evidence possible."
"He doesn't like to go to the area and it is his job to ensure that this is a safe area to be."
"\"We are not going to get too far into it and we can't do that,\" he said."
"In the long run, the euro could help to drive down interest rates and help to make the economy more competitive with the rest of the world, the bank said."
"We don't know what it will be like in a lot of ways, but I'm happy I'm here."
"The Australian dollar is down 0. 5 per cent against the U. S. dollar, with the biggest gains for the Australian dollar."
"We have a lot of good players in the squad, we are seeing a lot of players who are in good form and playing well."
"A four- year- old girl has been admitted to hospital after she was struck by a car in central London."
"The two sides have been fighting over the terms of a ceasefire agreement for more than a year, with some opposition figures suggesting it could be extended until February 2017."
"\"It's not necessarily the case that it's a bad thing that we've made it so it's not as if we're going to go through with it,\" he said."
"The man, who is described as a white man, was arrested at the scene and taken to the Royal Perth Hospital."
"The trouble is that the minimum wage law may be popular, but it is not popular enough to make the economic case for raising it."
"The company said the new digital distribution scheme will be available in the UK starting from 1 January and will be available to customers in the UK beginning in 2017."
"I know he's a great player, I know he has the ability to become a great player, but I don't know how he can be the same player at that position."
"\"The danger in the polls is that the people who are coming back are going to feel that they can't stay in the country,\" he said."
"We wanted to see if we could go and play in a few weeks to get the performance we need, and I think that's what we did."
"We want to get a positive result and it's hard for us to say how we will do that in the next two or three weeks."
"A man who was shot and killed in a shooting accident on New Year's Eve is now in hospital in stable condition."
"I want to build up the squad and hope I can play well and it will give me a chance to take it to the next level."
"She said: \"The government's duty is to ensure that children are treated fairly by their parents and to ensure that they have the support of their families."
"But, because of the results, we don't want to change the policies that were implemented as a result."
"The number of people who are diagnosed with a serious mental health condition has fallen from 65 per cent of people in Scotland to 14. 5 per cent."
"This is a big step forward in the fight for our rights and a step forward in the fight for equality of women and girls."
"She'll make sure the organization can support our diversity of values and we'll do everything we can to get them involved in the leadership ranks."
"The university is expected to announce a comprehensive course of action for students who are not prepared to do so."
"I'm a big fan of the old school because you get to see what's going on and you're able to have a different approach."
"\"I'm just trying to make a difference,\" a strong woman told me, and that was the most beautiful moment."
"He said that his office is currently investigating the allegations, and that it will not be changing the law."
"He has not played for the club since the end of the 2014- 15 season and his contract is due to run out in January."
"The paper said that a total of 37, 000 students will take part in the study, with 40, 000 students from the UK and 34, 000 from outside the UK."
"I don't know what it is, but I am always surprised when people are not making the same mistake."
"He said the council was committed to saving the city's water supply and would be holding a public consultation to determine how it could best meet the council's needs."
"\"It's a great opportunity to show the world that our country is a country that believes in America,\" he said."
"The French government said last week that it would begin using the funds to fund education for pupils in France and in other EU countries."
"But the much- criticized challenge, which will be the first in more than a decade, will require more than just a simple win."
"I know it's been a long process, but I just want to make sure I get a good result for the team."
"While the study's results may not be as encouraging as some of the other studies that have found no connection between exercise and cancer, they are encouraging."
"The company has more than 1 million employees in the United States and Canada, but it has a European presence that will make the cost of hiring for its employees even more attractive."
"We're living longer, and that's not good for the planet, but it's good for the economy."
"If you don't have a bank account, you are not required to carry the money you earn in cash."
"This is why we have put forward our proposals to boost the government's infrastructure spending, which is crucial to supporting Scotland's post- Brexit economy."
"\"I've been the leader of the opposition, and I've spent my entire career in the opposition, and I'm disappointed that the parties don't share my values,\" he said."
"That was the key thing, he said, adding that many of the problems in the world have not been fixed."
"If I hadn't been there, I might have had some ideas about how to handle that problem."
"\"If you don't agree with what the court says, then you have to go back to your district or state court for a hearing,\" he said."
"When she was in my office the last thing she would have said was that I had to take her to the doctor."
"\"The system is complex, but that's part of the problem with the system we're talking about right now,\" he said."
"But the UK has agreed to allow the migration of up to 1, 000 British citizens to move to the UK for temporary residence, as a way of stopping Britain leaving the EU."
"On the other hand, the company's stock rose 3. 4 per cent to $ 38. 50 a share in morning trade."
"It's a matter of how much you want to take advantage of that first opportunity, and how much you know that there will be many more."
"We have a lot of boys in the squad so there is a lot of talent in the squad and we have to do the best we can to win matches."
"What is more, they are in the process of changing the way they think about women, especially in the South."
"We are not in a position to make any kind of commitment about the future of the club and what our vision is."
"The Russian defense ministry said on Sunday that it had reported a series of attacks on the city of Aleppo."
"When you're in the top league of the game and you have a pretty good record, you're going to do well."
"As a result, we are also sending the message that the government must ensure that anyone who has the documents to do so is taken care of."
"The Supreme Court ruled in September that it had to be treated as a breach of the privacy of parents and students."
"It would be a very, very difficult thing to do but we are the only major tournament in the world that has a winner- take- all."
"I've got a lot of friends who are doing the same thing and I want to get them in the right place."
"The UK is still in the position that it was in before the euro crisis of 2008, where the pound was only worth about \u00a3 25."
"The Pentagon has said that it was aware of the attempted coup and has requested a second investigation into the incident."
"It's a very small group, and the guy at the top of the list has been there for 15 years."
"The charity said the children had not been given an opportunity to see the family home because of the security concerns."
"\"This is a big difference, but it's not going to be a problem in the next few years,\" she said."
"\"It is a question of how do you go about getting people to take the water?\"she said."
"It's a bit of a high- level program, but there is so much to do and it's a great opportunity to get into the Premier League."
"A preliminary hearing is set for Sept. 28, and police have not made a decision on whether to file charges."
"\"I was there, he was there, and he's going to make a decision that he believes is right,\" he said."
"I don't have any other options now, but I feel like it's a good time to go to a new place."
"I think it's a long shot, but I think he'll be OK and he'll continue to be great for us."
"And, if you were planning to spend the next four years watching the greatest movie of all time, I'd suggest you get ready for that."
"That is why the government has to show that the legal process is the most effective way to achieve the main aim of this agreement."
"So, it's not just a question of what we did and it's a question of what is needed to make the proposals happen."
"In the past year, more than 1, 000 people have been killed and more than 4, 000 wounded in a series of bombings across Iraq and Syria."
"The central bank made the announcement in a note to clients that it was increasing the risk of global economic stress and rising consumer prices."
"To be fair, there were at least three other cases where I had a legal right to challenge the constitutionality of the laws I was doing."
"The company said that its share price had risen by 0. 5 per cent to $ 28. 86 on Tuesday."
"The fight for the Democratic nomination has divided the country, with more than 3 million registered voters voting in the last contest, in 2000."
"The main point of difference is the relationship between the two teams, and not just in terms of football, but in terms of the game, in terms of the playing field."
"As I said, we don't know what the future holds, but we do have a view that it's going to be a good thing for our country, good for our jobs, good for our country, and good for the world."
"The two- year contract was worth $ 1. 5 million a year and he said his target was $ 2. 3 million a year."
"\"You never know what's going to happen, but when you get to the end you will see the new things,\" he said."
"He said: \"As the majority of people know by now there is a lot of fear in the EU over what Brexit will mean for our national interests."
"\"It's not the first time I've gone out and got into a fight,\" he said."
"The decision to close the plant is a major blow to the city's tourism industry and a significant step toward saving the city's struggling economy."
"He had a hearing on Wednesday in the New York District Court and a judge will decide if he will be released before the trial starts."
"This isn't only about our own security, it's about the security of our family and friends."
"\"In the end, we're not going to be able to stand still, we are going to be forced into a dark place,\" she said."
"I don't know if I'll be able to do it in the United States, but I will make the best decision I can."
"\"I'm a British citizen, so I know that my rights are protected,\" he told the BBC."
"We have to go down to the suburbs to get a good job, and if we don't do that we will never get to the suburbs."
"In addition, there is a range of local restaurants to enjoy, with prices ranging from $ 20 to $ 500 per person per night."
"As of today, the company said it has more than 18, 000 employees in the United States and has more than 50, 000 employees in the Philippines, according to a report from the Philippines International Trade Council."
"She is a very important part of our success because it means we can protect this country, secure it and deliver its value to the world."
"The White House and State Department have said that the U. S. is not asking for a ground war in Syria."
"The policy is similar to that of the Federal Reserve, which is setting interest rates in a tight spot in March."
"So I will do what's best for the team, and I will be doing everything I can to help this team win."
"I had a few guys, but he was a little bit better but he didn't have the same intensity or attitude."
"As a result, the rate of return on capital, a measure of how much a company's stock is worth, is on the rise."
"I'm going to continue to make these recommendations, but we're going to move forward with the recommendations."
"The board received the same numbers, but from a different location, and it is unclear whether the same number was given to the president."
"The boy's parents have not been identified and it is not known if they were in the country at the time of the incident."
"\"I think we'll be able to get some of the players on our list out of there,\" he said."
"But the company says it has decided to address that problem in the next step of its plan to address the issue in the next stage of its response."
"A few months later, the FBI had a clear- cut idea of what they wanted to find, but they were not prepared to go along with it."
"\"In a bid to drive economic growth, we need to pay more attention to the type of activity that will help the economy,\" he said."
"But she was also trying to help the mother of one of the men who was shot, according to the FBI."
"The top two teams in the division have now been named to the playoff, which could take place over the next two weeks."
"The government has long argued that the new policy should be rolled out to all public schools within a year, and to all local schools within a year."
"'It's just going to be that I don't really have the money to get anything to make ends meet,' she said."
"I would say there's a great opportunity to get some sort of income from this because it is only the first year of life, so that's why I'm here."
"The father- of- two said:'I had my life decided and I'm just here to do it."
"The idea was to challenge the system in the same way that Donald Trump's team does in the primaries: by challenging it."
"We'll talk to the club and they'll work on the [ proposals ] but there's no reason why we can leave."
"'I don't know how I could make it to my job at the bank and not have had the last laugh and be upset about that,' she said."
"\"We are not going to be a nation of laws and regulations and if you have a bad idea, you have to try it again,\" he said."
"\"My father had no choice but to kill me,\" he said in the documentary, \"and I killed him because he did something that I didn't want to do."
"But at the end of the day, you can't forget and enjoy it,\" he said."
"But we have also had a difficult period in which there has been a large number of the people who have been displaced in recent years."
"The report added that at least 2, 500 people have been killed in the conflict, of whom 1, 400 are civilians."
"We know what we're doing well and we're looking to continue that, but I think we're starting to understand what we need to do."
"I've always been a big supporter of the arts and I want to see more of it in the future."
"For the first time, the public is in a better position to decide if Mr. Trump is the best choice to be president."
"In particular, we have to take a long, hard look at the tax structures in the European Union."
"I am not worried about the budget cuts because I think they are going to be implemented in time for the Olympics."
"The charges stem from the fact that he had not been convicted of any offence in the UK in the past, and had not been in contact with anyone suspected of a crime."
"But you can't tell by looking at it, and I'm not saying it's bad, I'm not saying it's not bad, I'm just saying that it's better to look at it."
"The president- elect on Friday signed a controversial executive order on immigration that sets a new course for the U. S. on the issue."
"A second man was injured and a third man suffered minor injuries and was taken to the Royal Brisbane and Children's Hospital."
"The issue is such that the Prime Minister has already ordered the rest of the EU to do the same, and the EU has done so, too, with a number of new laws on its books."
"I don't think anyone would be comfortable doing that unless it was a real risk to themselves and to other children."
"I would like to go into the next game having a little bit of a rest and I can't wait to come out there and compete for a win."
"Mr Brown also said that while he was on the panel, he had been asked to work on the project again in the weeks leading up to its launch."
"He was raised by his mother and grandmother, who are all African- American, and he was raised by his grandmother in Brooklyn, New York, his mother said."
"\"I am disappointed that this would happen, but I am hopeful we can work towards a resolution,\" he said."
"He would have been moved if he hadn't gone to the White House, the man behind the front door said."
"The UK's opposition Labour party is due to vote on whether to back a recall motion in the Scottish Parliament, a new report shows."
"\"I'd like to be with her for a few more days, but it's a process, and we have to get used to it,\" he said."
"The FA launched a new investigation last year into the matter after failing to report allegations of misconduct to the Football Association, which is looking into the matter."
"The government has made no progress in dealing with the problem, which is currently at the heart of a government drive to deliver a national health service."
"He said it was a \"living hell \"for those who were unable to cope, while also noting that people's lives were in danger."
"\"We are working with the U. S. government to determine the cause of the crash,\" the White House said in a statement."
"When he came back to our hotel, he told us that he had spent the night in the bedroom of his hotel."
"The study also found that in countries where women have more rights, women are less likely to be sexually assaulted."
"But we will see the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and the Prime Minister of the United States of America on Monday, when they look at the approach to this Government."
"So, why not go for the experience that the kids have- and not just a home game, but a night out?"
"The bank's stock is down 8 percent this year, and the outlook for its cash rate remains unclear."
"The company said it was \"committed to the protection of our customers \"and was \"fully committed \"to taking legal action."
"\"I was nervous but I was in a good position and it was a good position to be in, so I was a bit nervous but it was good to be in,\" he said."
"While the U. S. won't be a member of NATO, its security arrangements and behavior may be."
"The Broncos, who won the Super Bowl as the league's best team, allowed only 37. 6 points per game."
"I'd be surprised if I'm any worse off, but I've got some guys on my team that I'm pretty much against."
"We have an opportunity to improve the people's lives, including help them achieve their dreams, and that's what we're doing."
"I'm very comfortable with the idea of a child being able to have an early night, which is pretty important."
"I know what a great role she would have played, but to think we would be able to give her that look of strength and confidence."
"I'm not going to get too upset, but if we don't win, then the game's over."
"\"We're not just focused on what you're going to get,\" he said, \"but what you're going to get on the ballot."
"The 48- year- old actor and his family have launched a fundraising campaign to help raise funds for his medical bills and medical expenses."
"But at the same time, we want to make sure that the truth is known about what's going on in the North."
"There's no question that we'll win the league and we'll be a better team if we win it."
"He said:'The facts of the case are clear- it is the former employees who are guilty of murder and are facing life in prison."
"The 35- year- old, who was arrested in the same region last year, is suspected of preparing an attack in the early hours of Wednesday morning."
"The U. S. military has declined to comment on the specific location of the ground force or the amount of ground force it has."
"The first two were years old, so we were hoping that it would be a bit of a surprise as well."
"I was here for six months, I was talking to people all over the world, I was meeting people in places like Germany, Israel, Brazil, India, Australia, so I had a lot of time to myself."
"The issue has become a hot- button issue among Republicans and conservatives over the last few years as Donald Trump has taken a more extreme stance on immigration."
"He said: \"You can see from the pictures that we are working hard to be the best team in the league."
"We are very pleased that the bank was able to bring the matter to our attention and that the authorities have been given the opportunity to investigate."
"But, he says, the country, especially among Democrats, was \"making a serious effort to change the political climate \"in his district."
"\"It's a good team, and I'm sure we'll continue to work hard to get a lot out of this team,\" he said."
"The authorities said in a statement on Tuesday that they had called off the search for the bodies for \"certain reasons,\" and would not be releasing any further information until a DNA sample was passed to them."
"The former mayor has said the cuts are needed to save more than $ 10 billion a year, which is still less than half the total $ 1. 1 billion the city is asking for."
"He said the government's response would be to \"truly put an end to the killing \"of civilians in the campaign."
"I don't want to give up on the game and have the chance to win, but I think it's time to step up."
"\"I'm very proud of the work I've done and have been doing,\" he said, adding that he was forced to leave the airport after being evacuated."
"And so, it's interesting to me to see that the song itself is about taking responsibility, that this is a human experience."
"I don't think they're going to win the election because they're all so far behind Hillary Clinton, but they're going to win."
"There was another woman who was in the park at the time, and they both said the same thing."
"I don't think that's the way it is now but I will tell you, it was the last time I heard a word."
"It's a simple enough exercise, but with some really effective writing and some really good acting it is hard to beat the challenge."
"The fight for control of the island continues, with several islands'decision- making over who will control them from the United States to the Philippines."
"As a result, the potential for an attack in the Middle East is still high- and we need to keep working to find those places."
"I did, however, see a trend toward more long- term success for me as I entered my late 20s."
"\"We will continue to do everything in our power to support our colleagues who have fallen in the line of duty,\" he said."
"I was in the studio at the time and I saw them in the studio at the same time and I just thought it was time to go home."
"The search for a new president will begin with the Democratic convention in Philadelphia, where Sanders has built a large following."
"The company has asked the United States Supreme Court to review its order, which was issued as part of an investigation into the tech giant."
"It's a story that's about a little bit of both, but ultimately the most important thing about it is that he's a great father and a great person."
"We need to look at it from the perspective of the whole country, not just the UK."
"The current system is based on a system of checks and balances- similar to a credit card- that can be checked against a person's identity."
"\"I don't think there is any way to go back to it,\" the governor said Tuesday in an interview on CNN."
"The game of football had a lot of problems, as we were forced to be part of the defence, and the other teams did not."
"In general, people think it is impossible to be the best athlete and that they should be making the same mistakes."
"But at the end of the day, if you don't do your job, you will be pushed back."
"But the political winds have turned in a very different direction in the last couple of years, and some of these are now being carried by the Clinton campaign."
"If you are a bank and you're not able to pay your bills, you can't get a credit card or bank account."
"The second was an incident in which a 16- year- old boy was shot dead by a police officer in an apartment complex in eastern Paris, authorities said."
"I've been on this diet for years, but it has always been difficult for me to lose weight."
"The U. S. Supreme Court on Tuesday put aside a two- day hearing for a case that involves the treatment of a man in Alabama who has recently been shot and killed."
"But in the first half of the year, the figures from last year are down a quarter, to about 65, 000."
"The point of the inquiry is to take the information into account in any way we can and to look for potential conflicts of interest, so that we can make sure that our work is sustainable."
"They were looking at an idea that they were told was a good idea, but they didn't know it was a good idea."
"The U. S. had a 21- 20 victory over Afghanistan on Wednesday, and a 4- 3 victory over Pakistan on Friday."
"It's been tough but we've just got to stay focused and come out and win games and keep going."
"The figures also show the number of households earning more than \u00a3 200, 000 a year in London has fallen in the last year."
"If you look at the club's record, we have won six games in the Premier League this season and if we can win a game in one game, then it's a strong performance."
"\"I think the only thing that would change is a change in how we think about what it's all about,\" he said."
"He said: \"I had just left the festival, I didn't see the car as I had expected it to."
"I also think it's important to give the character in a story an opportunity to improve, to have a chance to express themselves in the way that they're presented."
"It's an amazing moment for all of us, and I can't wait to go back to Sydney and get on with my life."
"But, if I am lucky, a few months or years will go by that I don't want to do that."
"It was the first time that the Fed had followed a policy that was to ease growth and employment for decades, but had failed to generate jobs."
"As a result, a much greater share of primary and general elections is required to ensure a close race in the next few years."
"You do it on the first day of the new year, on the day you have a chance to play against the best team in the world."
"But the government has not made any significant changes to the way that voters are dealt with in the courts in relation to the issue of gay marriage."
"The reality of the matter is that we're not just working hard for nothing, we're working hard for something that could be very, very good."
"It has also been a big part of my life and I think that it is very important for me to show it."
"I don't think there's a problem, but I do think there is a problem for the police, because of the number of injuries."
"We got him in a good position, we played really well, we were in position to win the game and we have to win the game."
"\"I don't think I have ever been in a situation where I was able to be myself and be able to show what I can do,\" he said."
"The human body is relatively efficient at managing its weight- and, for good or ill, our bodies can't handle being tiny."
"The Canadian Press has learned the pair will be spending Tuesday and Wednesday in separate locations in the United States and Canada, though no details have been released."
"We are talking about another championship here, but we are talking about a championship and that is what we want to see."
"\"I do believe we can change the way we look at people's lives and our society,\" he said."
"To the extent that our country's economy is growing, that's what we should be focused on."
"The first week of January is a time when companies start to invest in projects that could affect their business for years to come."
"The team behind it, including the Turkish team, have been conducting their own investigations, and have gathered evidence to show that it was not the case."
"For those on the outside, this is the moment of the moment where you realize that it's not the party you want to be in."
"\"It's been a very difficult time for us, we've had a lot of injuries, but we've made a lot of progress,\" he said."
"A new album is on the way but the band have released a new video for \"S & P \"that's part of their live show."
"The new guidelines, released last month, give parents the power to fine or prevent a student from using a mobile phone while in school."
"\"The U. S. is going to make a mistake and we're going to take a serious look,\" he told a crowd in Beijing on Monday."
"The same research was carried out in the UK, China and the US in 2008- 9 and in the UK in 2011, 2012 and 2013."
"As for the question of what Trump's going to do, I'd say he's going to do a better job than what he's doing in his campaign."
"I think the problem is when you are playing the Champions League, you have a very important opportunity to win, and it is not going to happen."
"You can watch the video above, or for any of the other projects we are working on, you can sign up to our email list."
"\"I think that's what we want to do as a team, we want to get the most out of our players,\" he said."
"Trump has not endorsed the Republican candidate and instead has insisted that the businessman is not a big supporter of abortion rights."
"The idea of \"right to work \"is central to this debate, and it's at least as central as it is for those who live in a world in which the state is limited in how it can treat its citizens."
"It's a little bit different from what you'd do in a traditional restaurant, but there's no rush."
"At the same time, it's good to be a part of something that has been the most successful success story in the history of the league."
"As an example, consider the reports of how the left wing of the Democratic Party is changing the conversation in America."
"When I came to Washington I spoke with the president, with the vice president and with the secretary of state, who are all leading the charge."
"She was well- received in the area and she has been a long- serving member of the local police force."
"He said he had been \"very lucky \"to have seen the path and the land where he lived as he had been \"a bit damaged \"and so had been happy to take the first steps."
"He said: \"If we cannot control migration from our own countries, we will have to manage immigration from within our own borders."
"I'd love to hear your thoughts on what the new music looks like and what you think it'll look like."
"A woman who filmed the incident has claimed she was sexually assaulted by two men at a party at her home."
"The market has traded in such a way that investors may not be aware of its potential."
"I've had some good matches but it's not the end of it, we'll see how it goes."
"In June, the Ministry of Education published guidelines that the Ministry of Education will conduct a study of the problem, which will examine the safety of the project and its impact on students."
"The French are already struggling to find players for the top- flight and I think we've got a great chance of getting there."
"The Supreme Court has ordered the State Government to produce documents related to the inquiry, which is due to last two years."
"When it comes to the moment in front of you, you have to make sure you're right in front of it."
"I have always said I want to see a new manager, but I will let them decide how they want me to go."
"We are committed to providing an improved service for our customers and ensuring the best possible care for them."
"He has been charged with two counts of first- degree murder and faces a maximum prison sentence of life in prison."
"He's really a creative player, he's not just a creative player, he's the player that has been the most creative in the game."
"\"I'm not sure I'm going to make a lot of money on that,\" he told the BBC."
"He said he had \"done the right thing \"and said his son was well- respected by his mother, who was active in the community."
"As a result, much of the debate over whether or not to cut the deficit in the first year of a new budget looks to me like a lost cause."
"The company has said it will not be taking over the entire state government unless a new contract is signed with the governor and state's attorney general."
"\"I think that the players feel that it was a mistake to let him go,\" the club's chief executive said."
"He added that he was \"just so proud of the way that he has treated the officers \"and \"that's what makes me happy."
"The World Bank has also said it will consider raising the proportion of refugees from Syria's civil war and other conflicts to 10% from 12% now."
"\"I think the best thing we can do is take a little bit of credit,\" he said."
"We're now at a point in the game where we need to have the right situation for our team, and to be in the Champions League."
"I've been writing about sex and politics since I was a kid, so I've never been scared."
"While the statistics from the previous years show that there were over 1, 000 young people who started school at the beginning of the year, only 11 of these people started their education at the end of the year."
"I am going to make sure I have a good season so I can go on and play for my country and represent my country."
"I'm not sure what he's going to do next, but he can't be too hard on himself."
"I thought it was going to be a good conversation and then she said to him, \"You're going to be really nice to me."
"\"I'm just saying that if I am in the middle of this, if I'm running a campaign that I want to run, I'm doing my part to help my own country,\" he said."
"We are looking for any of the following to be investigated and we want to give you the full details as quickly as possible."
"\"We would like to thank all the people in our community for their continued support,\" he said in a statement."
"I think that will be the case and I will have to sit down with him to make a decision."
"In an interview with CNN, the Republican nominee said he has never met Trump, although he did offer some context on how he got into politics."
"\"The United States government is conducting a comprehensive review of the situation in Yemen and the United Nations is in the process of reaching out to other countries involved to assist,\" the statement said."
"A man who stabbed a police officer in the neck has been released from hospital after he was told he will not face any further jail time."
"A source close to the project said that despite the high cost of the facility, the project is worth every bit of money the city has raised."
"We want to make sure we're not going to go down in history with something like this."
"He said the company had built a business model that had been successful in the United States, but had found its way to its home country."
"\"We are delighted to see the progress we have made in the last 12 months,\" said Mike Clark, Apple's head of product."
"\"I want to keep playing, and that's what we're doing, and I think that's going to be really, really good for our team,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity to play the most important game of the season against a good team,\" Fisher said."
"It would mean that, in the end, we had to come up with something that would be very much in line with what the audience wanted."
"The economy is still strong, and will continue to be as strong as ever, thanks in large part to the strong U. S. dollar."
"The victim, a former football player who has lived in the area, was sitting outside the home when the shooting happened."
"The question we all ask ourselves is what is the right answer to a question like this and that is what we need to know."
"The plans have been in the works for years, and a plan for a 20- year \"waste management plan \"has also been submitted."
"You get those men and they go down, and they have to fight each other to get back up, and I'm the best."
"\"I'm looking forward to the next phase of my life, to being able to tell stories with other women and be able to have conversations with them,\" she said."
"But you know what, I'm really excited to go on a tour with you, because I think you've done something great."
"And the prices are increasing- from \u00a3 5. 50 for a standard ticket to \u00a3 10, 000 for a pair of tickets that include seats."
"\"In a week where everybody's got a little bit of confidence, I'm confident that we're going to be great,\" he said."
"He's back in the team and that's a great thing and that's what I look forward to with him."
"\"I know I will never be a champion of women's rights,\" she said in an interview with The New York Times."
"\"We know we've got a problem, but it's not going to solve the problem,\" he said."
"\"I feel like we have some guys that can make the case to be in the top 10,\" he said."
"The people who have the right to make the decisions that are the right ones, those who have the capacity to make the decisions that are the right ones, should also have the right to make the decisions that are the right ones."
"It is a good reminder that if you are not a good parent and you want to support your child, you can't make your own decisions."
"The firm is also investigating the damage and will be appealing against the decision, the court was told."
"However, the number of passengers travelling in the other direction will drop by as much as 10 percent, while the number of non- passengers will increase by just under 8 percent, the report said."
"She also had to make sure she didn't miss a beat and was told she had to leave the place for the day."
"I was in the village, we were trying to bring water to the village and, of course, we were not allowed to drink."
"The court heard that the couple were married for nine and a half years before their divorce and had three children together."
"The mother, who had been filming the video, said she had also seen a man pass by on the street and asked to come over to see her daughter."
"I think it's important for the fans to know that they don't have to worry about the game at the end."
"At least he didn't give up on the internet for a long time-- at least he didn't give up on the internet for a long time."
"But the way I've been treated at training has been very different, and the response I've got has been fantastic."
"This is the second consecutive year that retail sales have fallen and still have a high, but still disappointing, year."
"However, I wouldn't be surprised if the government wanted to extend the licence for another year so that it can make a case for being a \"soft \"environment for the future."
"But the study found that women are more likely to go to college than men, and that more women said they planned to be in college than did men."
"I was like a crazy person, but I didn't think I would ever be able to make this video."
"The American middle class is already pretty big, and the two sides of that debate are quite different."
"\"I told him I'd never vote in a presidential election, but I'm here to tell you, I'm very happy to vote for you,\" she said."
"Trump, who was campaigning in New York City on Monday, called the FBI's decision not to charge Clinton a \"disaster \"in a tweet."
"\"We are committed to ensuring that every Australian has access to safe, high speed internet and that we are the leading provider of affordable, high speed internet access to people,\" she said."
"The other thing you will see is that the idea of the holiday is not a very practical one at all."
"\"We have done a lot of training on how to handle that, but it's been a little bit of preparation, it's been a little bit of training,\" he said."
"On Friday, the Russian Foreign Ministry said Moscow would not participate in discussions on the issue, citing \"serious legal and practical issues \"in the case."
"The danger to the Chinese economy is that they will be able to cut back on export- driven activity because they have a stronger economy."
"We need a lot of help to get to the top and I'd urge anyone who has information to contact us."
"The sales target is to close by the end of this month, but it will take some time to get the unemployment rate back down to the previous record low of 5. 4 percent."
"\"I don't want to say what they're going to be, but the guys I've talked to say they're going to be very, very concerned about the situation,\" he said."
"This is a question that has been asked by the British people for over a year and I am not only asking it but asking it on behalf of the British people."
"\"I'm very excited to be a part of this,\" the 36- year- old says, speaking in Spanish."
"If you can't do that, then don't worry about what the future holds, because we'll always know when you're ready."
"They would not be able to do that, they would not be able to take a role like that, they would not be able to play that role because they don't have the experience."
"When you're playing for your country you don't always want to talk about what the future is going to hold for you."
"You don't need to be so desperate to win a race, and it's not like you're going to win the race."
"He said: \"There are only four of us in the world- we have an African and we have an Asian and we have a South Asian."
"You can tell that she's really into things, she's really into her sister and it's a really strong bond between them."
"It was the first time since the end of the war that the UK had formally joined the European Union."
"I'm going to be an ambassador for my country, and I'm going to be a champion for my country,\" Obama said."
"We will consider this application as part of our ongoing engagement with the Crown Office to ensure the right decisions are taken for the best interests of our citizens."
"They have now come to the conclusion that he is a good man and they have taken action,\" he said."
"\"We've got a lot of games left,\" he said of his squad, which is \"extremely \"fantastic."
"The issue of Donald Trump's relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin has prompted both parties to talk about the importance of having a relationship with Russia."
"The older man said his partner was at a nearby home with a young girl and the older woman said she saw a man in the street."
"This is why I am so proud to be involved with this campaign and to be an early voice for the gay community."
"'They can't, because it's their own fault for not being good enough, and then they come back in."
"It's not an easy place to find a job, or to be a parent, or to be a father, and yet the first job I did was as a kid in the kitchen."
"The incident occurred on the morning of January 12, 2013 when the couple were sitting at a friend's house."
"\"It's a lot of work, but we're close enough that I'm going to see them in person,\" he said."
"And if we don't have to, there's a chance that we might not get the best of him."
"If you are concerned about a friend, or a colleague, or any other individual or group of people in your life, contact us and we will try to get you to change your mind."
"After a lot of people were talking about what the future would be like for them, they decided to turn their attention to the party."
"The other day, a young man named Thomas was walking down the street in his neighborhood when a black man came running up and threatened to kill him."
"And at some point, at a certain point, they are going to have to go through the process of trying to find a new home."
"At least one parent was injured in an explosion in a residential neighborhood in the district of West Los Angeles, authorities said."
"They say it's better to get the ball in the air than stay back and it's better to sit back and allow them the ball and not get too close."
"\"This is a great opportunity for us to invest in the future of Scotland and bring about the type of success Scotland has always enjoyed,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a major issue, but I'm not sure it's going to be the same as it was."
"It is expected to take in another 1. 3 million visitors a year by the end of the decade, but that figure is likely to increase."
"\"They [ local authorities ] are doing everything they can to try and get that resolution,\" she said."
"The New Hampshire primary, which is the most important in the race for the White House, is scheduled for June 7."
"But as for a direct response from the US, the US has no such thing, and has said nothing."
"It's a combination of some of the things that's been said before and the fact that we're still in the game."
"He was also arrested in May 2015 for allegedly being drunk at the time and planning to attack his wife."
"That's the best way I can tell you-- that's the best way I can say that the last two weeks, the last four weeks, the last six weeks, the last eight weeks, the last 10 weeks, the last 12 weeks"
"\"We will go to the polls and the polls are showing that a lot of people have said we can't do this,\" he told Fox News."
"The number of people receiving mental health treatment in England is likely to be under threat in the next decade, a new report has warned."
"He told The Times that he had been driven from the island by the lack of food and water and, after an incident on a train, he tried to move."
"\"The victim was rushed to a hospital with non- life- threatening injuries after the shooting,\" the statement said."
"It's not a problem that's got to be addressed, it's a problem that's going to be addressed by the government."
"But, we are going to go out there and play hard, and I think we're going to get it done."
"But in the past year, there has been a lot of talk about how we're going to deal with this and dealing with it."
"I could look at it, but I'm not going to touch it because I don't feel comfortable with that."
"This is one of those times when you can't be very critical of a player if they are going to have their own role."
"\"He got there early in the morning and the first thing he did was let us in, and the second thing he did was just push us up and down,\" he said."
"If you have the chance to share your story, tell it to others and make a difference in the lives of others."
"I want to be able to live with my own family for the rest of my life, and I think that is what we need to be focused on."
"The whole point of these decisions is to ensure that we have a strong, reliable and competitive defence, one that has both long- range and long- range defensive options."
"The administration is also trying to contain the flow of illegal immigrants into the United States through the country's southern border."
"That's what I've been doing and that's why I feel like this year is a great year to be a part of."
"The deal was part of a wider package of proposals by the government to support free movement across the UK."
"That's a lot of people in the military who may not be interested in this sort of stuff."
"I have a really strong feeling about this team, and I want to have a strong feeling about the future of this team, and we are going to be able to focus on what we need to focus on."
"The stock was up more than 2 per cent in the week, its biggest gain since the beginning of the year."
"\"We feel that we have been taken advantage of,\" he said, adding the city had to protect its population."
"It's about being able to say \"I'm sorry and I'm sorry,\" because the first thing you have to do is say that."
"The Department of Health is not currently conducting an assessment of the risk of dementia in people with Alzheimer's."
"\"It's a shame that it's taken us so long to find out where the truth is,\" he said."
"This is an opportunity to tell a different story about the world of online voting in the United States, and we will do that as part of our ongoing efforts to understand and combat the corruption."
"We are very clear that we have a strong interest in the development of the national park system and that we will continue to explore the options for the management of the park system."
"They will then be told that they can only choose one choice in the UK or their country and must choose the second option."
"But the fact is we are in a position where we've had a lot of time to think about how we will be better."
"It is the first time in the last 10 years that the U. S. military and the government of Iran have made any direct threats to each other."
"The EU Commission wants the details of its new deal to emerge in the final months of the year, when the talks are likely to take place."
"This is a fair assessment, but it is a lack of evidence that can go a long way to explaining why this matters."
"It was the biggest challenge I've had in my career, but I'm determined to get back on the court and be ready to do it again."
"The Turnbull government is also pushing ahead with a further $ 1. 4 billion in infrastructure spending to combat climate change."
"A survey of more than 200 people from around the world showed that men are four times more likely to die by suicide than women."
"And it is not just the women who are paying the highest price, either."
"The Times reports that Trump has raised $ 8. 6 million for his political action committee, while Democrats have raised $ 2. 6 million."
"That's a bigger market than the rest of Australia and it's the biggest I've seen in my lifetime."
"It will also make it easier for the UK to trade with other EU countries, the sources said."
"\"When you say it's'more'it's not as if they are spending more than they need to,\" he said."
"\"I'm afraid you're going to have to put a hundred, thousand dollars in for a house,\" he said."
"The Tory MP said: \"I think we can all agree that the person who is doing the drinking is not necessarily the drunk."
"Mr Osborne, who has been in the position since the UK voted to leave the EU, told the BBC that the cost of leaving would be substantial."
"When asked if there was anything he could do to help, he said:'I just got my phone back and the call was so bad."
"You can't say you're going to take everything from the FBI, from the military and from the law enforcement and from the courts, but at least you have a policy that the rest of the world understands."
"The Welsh Government has been involved in the process of getting the agreement of the European Commission and the UK government to agree."
"The only way to beat them is to go out and make the most of your home- field advantage."
"\"We are very pleased to see that the rules are now in place and we are ready to move forward,\" he said."
"If you can't come back and play at your best level then I think you can't go anywhere else."
"\"There's an element of the past that has been out there, that we are still seeing,\" he said."
"So it is up to those who seek to achieve a better life to do so in a way that is consistent with their faith in God, and in the right direction for them."
"\"I want to be in the top 10 in every test I take and I'm looking forward to the challenge,\" he said."
"So, if you're in the middle of a traffic stop and don't want the officer to look for you, you have a right to choose what your rights are."
"He said that in the past he had lost sight of the issue of immigration, and said that the EU should not be bound to accept its borders."
