"There was no major injury as a result of the accident but the lower half was taken out of action in the second half of the game."
"\"This is a $ 1 billion question, and I think that we have got to know the facts,\" he said."
"But we didn't know what to expect, and that has put us under the constant pressure to show them what we are capable of."
"They are in a unique situation as an independent country, given that the majority of members of the EU want to leave the bloc."
"I want to give him a lot of help with his body and give him the best opportunity to keep improving."
"He was our man, and he came through with the thing, so we couldn't lose him at all."
"It is a matter of if- and when- it can be implemented, and I hope I'm right."
"\"It's about the greater good of all the people involved in this work,\" he said in a telephone interview."
"The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack, but there has been no official evidence of responsibility and it was unclear who was responsible."
"Mr. Kerry had spoken in particular about Iran, a country Mr. Obama could not reach with the United States alone."
"I am going to be a world champion in tennis, and I am going to keep going as a true champion."
"Now, people's interest in the project is growing and it's something that I want to see happen."
"But it is no secret that many of the working people are struggling to make ends meet."
"We've just got to make sure we take care of our bodies, get the right medicine and that we don't have to look for an ambulance."
"Clinton is scheduled to take the stage in Philadelphia on Saturday for a rally on the convention's biggest stage."
"A man who claims to be his own father accused the Metropolitan Police of lying to him about his past and now faces a murder trial."
"And what I want to focus on is going to be how to make sure that Donald Trump, as president, is able to find the people, get the people across the border and get our country back on track."
"He explained that the house is much safer for him than the others, and that he believes that he has been the victim of a robbery."
"I got a letter, which read: \"I cannot remember the name of the dad- he was my dad, I didn't know him."
"Because I will put up with what I'm fed up of, it's become a night- and- day thing."
"He told the Daily Mail:'It was difficult to cope with my daughter, who was alone, so it's something I've had to deal with for years."
"It's been a tough few weeks, but I feel good and I am going to keep improving and do the best I can."
"\"I didn't think it was a big deal, but it was to be expected,\" he said."
"We've worked with each other to keep our heads down, but that's part of being a team and having a core."
"I mean, this is a guy who will be in a position where he can always turn to his kids and talk about football or whatever."
"As many as 25 per cent of the UK population will have a poor or very poor credit rating within a decade, a new report suggests."
"The Fed believes inflation has risen in recent months, and it expects to hold interest rates at the medium- term target."
"The group said it was \"encouraging \"that the first man to step up to a role was in command."
"\"I think the development was well received, and that's fine for a couple of reasons, but it's not an issue here,\" he said."
"The 30- year- old had the first eight points in his career and will be a valuable addition for the Lakers."
"The next morning, when we were out of the house, we went to pick up our baby."
"The entire focus was on how Trump's threat to impose travel restrictions on people from seven Muslim- majority countries would affect them."
"The cost of maintaining a branch is about 50 percent less than when you bought it in 2012, the report notes."
"It's been a long time, but we just need to keep fighting and keep putting our body on the line and trying to be the best we can."
"One of them will be born at age 18, and the other will be born at 17, and so on."
"The boy had some strong feelings for his father, who was known to be tough on the other children in school."
"\"A lot of the people who voted for me are now running for office, and there are many who won't vote for me,\" he said."
"I've come to respect the other man and try to let him know that he can change his mind and that he can be myself."
"\"It is not the left's fault that our left is making the same mistake on every issue and every election that it is making on the right,\" he said."
"When the victim said she did not want to go to the police and to go back to her husband, the woman said that there was nothing she could do."
"I think that I'm only going to get better as the season goes on, and that's what I'm looking forward to in my career."
"Police were called to the same building, where they found a 22- year- old man who had been arrested and charged with attempted murder."
"It's all so little detail that it becomes just another trick for him to get people to think that they're interested in this stuff."
"It is unclear whether he has any plans to give the US any assistance, including military support to stay in the fight against IS."
"It was a tough league and we did not play well on Friday, but we've got to go out there and make sure we win."
"There was a time when one of us- not a member of parliament- could support a Brexit vote, now we can't."
"He's not saying they're a poor or poor- they just are a poor family."
"The black hole could be the result of a combination of factors, including the sun's influence and the ground's type."
"You can buy them at a time, but when you buy them online, the prices will change as they go up."
"I can say I'm a little bit of a step up but I've got to get the game over."
"In fact, the president- elect took the responsibility for preparing a new administration that will not be fully exposed until he takes office."
"\"To be honest, the only thing I've really been interested in in the past 10 or 15 years is stuff like this,\" he said."
"A major Wall Street firm has warned that Russia may use cyber attacks against companies in the US before the Brexit vote."
"It is much more than that: in the last few years, more than ever, the club has identified the needs of the fans, as well as their needs."
"He also said that while he did not want to give his own views about the proposed measures, he would like to see those which are proposed."
"In exchange, we'll get some very good players and we'll be better than we were last year."
"The Trump campaign is said to have been in touch with the family and is considering a legal challenge, according to the AP."
"The Scottish Government says it is committed to the building of a \"strong \"English- speaking country in the region, and wants to continue to create jobs and boost economic growth."
"The findings were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, an annual journal of the American Medical Association."
"The chancellor, George Osborne, recently acknowledged the danger of the sector missing out on another multi- billion pound investment that would result in more jobs in the UK."
"These people are ready and willing to take risks and for the price of their time and money, they have proved themselves."
"It is understood that both the United States and Russia have offered to take part in the talks."
"The Lions are expected to return to the top flight this season with a title game against a tough Western Sydney side."
"That's why we always go back to our tradition of being a really good team, and not just a good year and a bad one."
"It's a bit strange when the guys you've seen that have big, big games and you don't have a high profile race."
"In the last five years, the share of parents over 65 with a child of an average age of 6 years or less has grown from 4. 4% to 11. 5%, year on year."
"But with the rise of digital, the threat of terrorist attacks is increasing, and the threat of cyber attacks is growing."
"When you're at home you just go to sleep, and when you wake up you just go to sleep, too, because that's all the things that you can do with your mind."
"They've had a great run, and a great season, and I can't wait to get off to a great start."
"It is important to remember that women have a very big role to play in building a women's movement that has a woman on the leadership, and in bringing out what women want."
"There was another, more vulnerable young girl who was raised on a farm in Ireland, who was shot by the same guys."
"When my dad, who was in the military, came to visit with us, he never looked out of place."
"'That's just the way they always play me and I'm just happy to be able to be out here."
"It's been a really, really rough few days for me and I just want to give my best for the team."
"As part of the deal, Iraqi forces will remain in Mosul for three months, after which the battle for the remaining neighborhoods will take place at an unprecedented pace, the sources said."
"The crew were at least surprised by the absence of such a late, iconic veteran ; they even seemed surprised when they saw that they did not have any."
"It is unclear what message the next letter from the White House to the Senate will read, but it is likely to be a warning about what is in the mix."
"But it's a concept that has all but disappeared from the face of the planet and that has a real and powerful impact on the way we live."
"And she got married, and she had a baby boy by the time I saw him, so I had to keep going, and I was lucky enough to have him."
"\"The fact that we were able to stand up and do something and make the speech and be able to have a response on it is incredibly special,\" she said."
"Mr Johnson's comments were not made in response to a question on whether the EU should consider asking Turkey to increase the size of its borders."
"I think he was just going to the gym- I don't know where he had his clothes on, but he certainly seemed to be out there."
"A guy that I knew who was able to turn a corner was a good player for the club, and I felt very good about him."
"\"I don't know where he got them ; I just think they were not going to make it,\" the mother said."
"I was starting to lose faith in myself, and I think my inner voice was just being afraid of him."
"To be honest, I don't understand how I can be safe in a situation where there is no medical treatment or where my ability to walk and talk is limited."
"He added: \"There is a very strong suspicion, although I think the government has failed to understand this."
"The report comes on a fast- rising trend that has seen the cost of living in the UK come in to more than double since 2009."
"We have a whole range of players that are capable of playing all these games, so you are always looking at what can we do to help them in these games."
"I have been in a relationship with a man who is, I think, a truly incredible man."
"We're not the first team to have that attitude of, \"You can't fix it and it's going to get worse and worse,\" so I'm just trying to do what's right for me, and try to do what I have"
"We were advised not to share this information with friends or family but our families contacted us, asked what had happened and told us they were not in a position to comment."
"He explained:'My parents had to take care of me and my mother for a while, but I made it through my time there and it didn't take long for me to discover how much more people meant to me."
"\"I guess he's trying to get people to give him the money,\" he said, noting that a lot had been spent trying to raise awareness for the show."
"In a recent interview with The New York Times, he was asked about a high- profile shooting that he has had in the past."
"\"If I had a cold- up call or something to do, I probably wouldn't have given it to my boss,\" he said."
"Since then, he has spent more than $ 4 million on a campaign in Iowa that he says will be crucial to his Senate bid."
"And what do you think about what happened to your parents, the fact that you live on the other side of this town."
"I guess he got some good news in the fashion world that he got the news that he's having a bit of a run in."
"Despite warnings from the industry, the government warned in October 2015 that additional job losses for those on the fast track were likely, and the company said that would continue."
"The Obama administration said it was looking at ways to increase economic growth and the number of people employed would grow."
"What are you going to do about all of these people who are on death row and still live in jail?"
"\"I still think this campaign will go the way of South Africa, with all its problems,\" he told news. com. au."
"The two groups agreed to engage in a high- intensity training programme together, in which both groups had to be on high alert."
"And I feel, again- and I think this is true for all of us- that the better we treat others, the more likely they are to be hurt by abuse."
"The move follows the Paris attacks on January 15 that left 130 people dead, including 130 children, in what was described in Germany as the largest terror attack in Europe since the Sept."
"We know that the truth about what happened to the Americans of the east is out there- we're talking about it."
"We're obviously going to take it one step at a time, but at the end of the day, we're going to be happy."
"But we've been quite clear that we're not going to ignore the fact that we're seeing a much higher percentage of people in low- income families who are still waiting to get into the market."
"It is important that we raise awareness about the issues, and we need the media to cover these issues with a clear perspective and in a way that allows us to reflect on them."
"At the moment, the problem is that the words are so incredibly complicated and too often used by people who don't understand their words."
"If the energy sector did not move to the front, there was a real risk of the U. S. building off that ground."
"I've said this a number of times, but I don't think it's the same as the \"I'm totally in love with you \"it phrase."
"The team will be in Brazil for a six- week break, though it's unclear when it will return."
"He would never move back to Mexico, he was just such a young man, that's what he said to me,\" she said."
"He's a strong leader, and we want to have an honest conversation about him because he's been a really good leader in the last 12 months."
"'I've been there and I've never seen anything like it,' he said in the video."
"The other day I told my wife I loved her and hoped she would enjoy myself more, which I did a little bit on the way."
"She told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: \"In the first half of the year, all the things that we're putting into place, there's not much time left."
"If the UK votes to leave the EU, the prospects for free trade and free movement of people are the other risk factors which will trigger more uncertainty, including high inflation and rising unemployment."
"He was often in detention at the request of government forces and was denied access to his family in the months that followed."
"So as a Labour government, we will take action to protect the right of disabled people to live safely and effectively in the most secure and democratic country in the world."
"\"There's no greater quality than what you can get if you do it on your own,\" he said."
"For the first time since the beginning of the year, the annual inflation rate declined slightly from 1. 9 percent to 0. 65 percent."
"But it has already sold more than 250, 000 units in the United States and around 3. 4 million in Europe, China and the Middle East."
"I don't like to make a judgment on a situation, but I can't go on for too long."
"That would be a challenge for Republicans in New York, which has only one Senate seat and one Senate member who isn't a Democrat."
"All I knew was that I wasn't going to make it to London, because I wanted to get out of the family business."
"They're not even on the list of countries that have done this to aid civilians,\" he told AFP."
"The basic plan is to reduce the number of kilometres of road needed to transport the vehicles and drive on them to transport the customer."
"You have to be a winner if you want to be in the top four on the best team in the world."
"A total of 30, 000 people came out in January, bringing the number of councils to more than 35, 000."
"My mum and dad have been so impressed with me that they said to me once and they have now started asking me for some advice."
"The Labor Department recorded a 2. 3 percent jump in jobs, most of them made in the entertainment and construction sectors."
"To me, if we had a million dollars to go around, and we had a team that could throw everything we could at them, it would be very difficult to play for anybody in the division."
"\"He's not done a lot of damage and obviously he's got a couple of hard games to go and a lot of challenges,\" Harris said."
"We were in the second game so it was a bit tough but it's a good game to get into the cup."
"A lot of these areas will have to find their own way of doing business and take on new challenges,\" he said in a news release."
"They're not going to take any right now, they're just going to be good enough."
"We were disappointed we didn't win, but we didn't have the lead and I think it's important to keep those two together and that's why we won."
"He added that the president's right to tweet was \"under threat,\" adding that \"in the next few days, the American people will have a new set of restrictions and legal challenges \"to the decision."
"The policy is a combination of the nation's health services and regional development and social care services."
"The council had initially set up a consultation, which the family's lawyer said had taken more than four weeks."
"The next year I was going back to that, and I had some bad luck and I didn't like that."
"'The captain had an idea, but I don't think he realised that it was possible to write songs for three people."
"A spokeswoman said: \"We are committed to reducing carbon emissions as quickly as possible and to ensure the right types of energy are available for the environment."
"But, it seemed, in the future the revolution could be completed in any town, and the only jobs were from the towns."
"So you have to look at what has been going on in the world over the last five years, and I think that it is time for us to take a step back."
"Even though it was only a matter of time before another US government official was found to have been involved in the cyber attacks."
"And we've been there for a while and we've only got this one problem: it doesn't work."
"I didn't really understand the Labour party during the election campaign, so I don't know what is going to happen in the future."
"\"The family has been in close contact with the doctors and medical staff,\" the source said, without giving details on where the patients had been treated."
"When they watch the film, they realise the reality that the other side will never quite be able to overcome the fact that the film is more than a play on words."
"The other official said he could not comment because he was not allowed to meet with the team on Friday."
"In addition to the fall in GDP, inflation and the post- recession recession were the main factors driving growth."
"They took our number one, and I'm very proud of that. We never thought that it was possible, and now I hope it's possible for you."
"The government says it plans to increase police powers to handle the large number of deaths following terror attacks in Paris."
"The outcome of the referendum on whether Britain should stay in the European Union, it has been widely predicted, is likely to shape the campaign for a second referendum."
"It's not the case that he has promised to put the issue before the US Congress and yet he hasn't."
"There are so many to take care of in the last week and the next and I am sure that people will keep coming back for more."
"In one of his early stops in Boston, Trump said, \"The person who is going to get us out of this is Hillary Clinton, the person who has got the most problems with black people, I have to say."
"\"This is a truly remarkable moment in the life of the artist, a moment that will never be forgotten,\" he wrote on his website."
"\"We have a lot of really great people and a lot of very, very good people who are there to help,\" Trump told a room of Trump supporters."
"You can see the impact these policies have had on people's lives ; people are now moving from the same opportunities they had back then."
"The owners of two hotels in Madrid have expressed their shock that a 17- year- old girl has been found dead in their third hotel."
"You can see that to understand why people are still very much in favour of them it's about understanding why people want them."
"It was like a [ Syrian ] child was being sent to a camp, but then they found out and said he had no connection with Syria."
"It took her two and half years of fighting for this to happen, but she won in December 2014."
"The two victims were identified in court on Thursday by the city of Los Angeles Police Department and Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, as well as police officers and the girl's mother."
"I don't know what they're thinking, I don't know if they're thinking or not thinking but it's crazy."
"After doing so, he told her, she had been told to carry out the birth but not get pregnant."
"We can't say whether these people are terrorists or not, but I know many of them."
"Some people say I shouldn't be allowed to be in that position, but I want to speak out in defense of what's been done to my daughters."
"I had been thinking about it for a month- and then it happened- and I was concerned that it could cause me serious damage to my health."
"Some 75, 000 girls are expected to live in the camp, which has the highest number of foreign refugees in the country."
"People are saying that, yes, Trump has a chance, but he's not going to win the White House."
"The tour, which began in New York in February, will take viewers along the world's most famous land in a journey that will follow two generations of American farmers."
"\"I think that's a good thing for a lot of people because they will be motivated to go back to that,\" he said."
"There was no immediate claim of responsibility in the blast, but Russia has been sharply criticized for its actions in the Syria conflict, including its involvement in the Syrian civil war."
"My wife, who is quite comfortable with all these games I'm going to have, she didn't want to go to the Super Bowl because she thinks that's not a good thing to do for the players."
"If I had the chance to speak to anybody at a theatre club in London, I'd say they need to have a point to make."
"We have heard from our colleagues in Congress that we need to put in place programs that make it easier for companies to take advantage of new technologies."
"Since he began his political career in 2002, Mr. Trump has avoided the spotlight, but he has been appointed to several roles that are bigger and broader than just his presidency."
"The relationship was apparently not a secret, either, because as a young person he learned that older women were really less attractive than younger ones."
"So when they moved the agents who had helped the buyers and sold their properties back to them, they were looking to profit from their work."
"It will be a challenge, but he is someone who does what he has to do and does it well, it's not easy to say that."
"The manager is trying to help them in everything and you don't know where to go from there."
"\"They are taking money from us and we want to do what we can to change that,\" he said."
"Of course, this is what we have seen in the last couple of years: a community- driven campaign to make people feel like they are safe."
"We know people are very worried and it's not something we will be ready for in three months,\" he said."
"The first of three states that has a Republican governor is a key factor in whether Trump or Clinton can win the White House."
"\"The whole purpose of our campaign, as you know, is to show Americans that the world is changing and that there is hope,\" he said."
"One way to resolve this problem is to take the risk of getting something up your price by adding a price lock."
"\"I'm sure he'll do a lot of things, so if he doesn't say that we'll all know,\" he said."
"\"He knew a lot about the game and his dad did a lot for the team,\" Williams said."
"I've already been banned from the Tour and now I have to go back to the beginning of my career."
"You'll have to be very careful with your investment in yourself in order to be confident in what you do."
"The four- star hotel will open to the public in October, with the price ranging from $ 8, 000 to $ 12, 000 per night for the first night."
"He said: \"We've got a wonderful team and a great support system, but I think the people will also see that, and we'll take it with a smile."
"They said that while a 20 per cent rate hike in industrial output will reduce the deficit, the impact of a rate hike in industrial output will be even greater."
"I thought I was an old person, even though I wasn't, but a new one who knew how to run a business."
"The Italian government has signed a long- delayed agreement to pay down nearly a quarter of the 50 million euros worth of debt outstanding."
"To me, this is the only school in this city where the public school system works at an all- or- nothing rate."
"'I can't tell you how happy I am because I'm going to have to start a new life as an adult."
"So, yes, it is a simple decision for the Supreme Court to make, but I'm not sure we have a clear plan in place for how the U. S. will go forward, whether it's on the issue of gay marriage"
"But the construction work on the $ 9 billion border fence that Obama wants to build under the presidential administration would be expensive."
"The UK government is seeking to improve the sharing of information between member states, following a series of recent EU- wide improvements."
"\"I would like to think that the group that is holding this to account will be the ones that put the nuclear option into question,\" he said."
"We are aware that it could be in the private sector's interest to protect customers, but so far nothing has been done."
"If that were to happen, the convention might be held in Cleveland or Detroit, where there is a high percentage black."
"More than 100, 000 asylum seekers arrived in Germany in 2015, with more than one million asylum- seekers claiming benefits in the last three months of the year."
"He was sentenced to life in prison with an average sentence of 13 years, before a judge ordered his release."
"The probe into the tragedy has now been launched, with further details to be announced on the event's website."
"To win this, they need to be able to open their mouth- or make it through two rounds of golf."
"In the debate between Trump and Cruz, Rubio and Kasich were asked if Trump was lying about what he did when he used a private email server to conduct official business while in office."
"The AP- ABC News poll comes as Mr. Trump has a 10- point lead over Mrs. Clinton in New Hampshire."
"But it was enough to bring the whole world to the surface, to create the world for people who hadn't even known it."
"\"If you've done your job properly, you will probably get a lot more notice, or get more attention,\" he said."
"She hopes to turn her focus to how she is able to raise money for a local children's charity and hopes to take on other charities through her company."
"It seems we need to think about whether or not we're really going to do anything to help us out, or if we're going to do whatever we can to help out the people who aren't able to afford help."
"So it's important that we look at the state of the state and look at a really large piece of information that could help us identify who was involved in the deaths."
"It is only right that the Commission took a step to ensure that the reporting of allegations can take place in a free and fair way."
"The State of Indiana announced on Monday that it is opening a new development for the airport in downtown Indiana."
"As the United States prepared to leave the European Union, the question of how much control those countries will have over the free movement of EU workers is likely to play out."
"It is hard to understand why they can't do it over a period of years when you have less money to spend."
"After an initial phone call from a new family member, a spokesman for the family told the Mail on Sunday: \"It is with heavy heart that we announce the death of Mrs Robert."
"A source close to the case said the man's father contacted police to report a suspicious package missing on Tuesday evening."
"By comparison the only serious violence we have is that we are asked to pay very little, if any, to the students who attended our education."
"She says: \"We talked about this in the session and I think it is something that all patients can agree on."
"I've spent the last seven years training for a national team, in every training session and I know that I am only half of the team."
"When the agency said the boy's photo should be released to the public, Obama repeated his criticism of the agency's handling of the case."
"She gave an interview in which she admitted to being concerned that what was going on in her life was not right."
"We need to talk more about what's happening in the world and more about what we can do to keep those responsible."
"The government's strategy to get here is to get to 150 by the end of next year and to go to market at least through 2020."
"\"We need to take on the challenges we're facing,\" said Walker, who lost his seat in November's Republican primary."
"Trump said in a radio interview Sunday that he's had \"a really hard time \"over the last few weeks."
"He is starting to play well in the second half of the season and if he has the confidence to do that, he will be right back."
"For me to play this early on and play like that and that's how you play against a really good team like them, is a great feeling."
"So it's no surprise that the former presidential candidate likes to see himself as the worst- case scenario for climate change."
"When you're giving your life and your soul to something new and special, it's hard to keep it as a secret."
"\"I want to be happy, I want to have a good relationship with my children and a good career,\" he says."
"We've got to make sure that he's on the field playing a very good football game, not putting on too much."
"The magazine also published an account of a close friend who had travelled with Trump at the time of his June meeting with Putin."
"There is plenty of evidence that life extension does give an extra 15 years to people who have gone to the age of 55."
"A special breakfast is planned for Wednesday night and a four- day special weekend is coming on Thursday with a more extended visit."
"They were supposed to be taking a weekend break but were told they would have to stay until Friday night to take a break."
"The men's winner in the New Hampshire primary is Trump, who received more votes than any of the four Republican candidates."
"What we have to do is think that if we want to protect everybody, that we want to provide these services, that the system is fair."
"She also said that she had been home for eight hours but hadn't been told about the incident and wasn't allowed to go home."
"We may have broken an ice story and nobody knows, but I know some of you are dealing with this as well."
"I've got a bit of catching up to do with that, and I hope that's going to take its toll."
"He said his first priority would be to \"keep these people in prison,\" and had invited state lawmakers to the state assembly and the assembly."
"\"We wanted to get to the bottom of exactly why he's [ Trump ], and we knew it would be a tough task,\" she said."
"A video has emerged of one of the police officers at the scene, who claims to have his hands up."
"\"There is no reason to believe that if there are plans for such a shelter in the future, we will have to return to the cold,\" he said."
"There's a lot of doubt about how much of this summer's appeal will be felt by a wider group."
"The district also called on the state to limit the number of refugees who are admitted into the U. S. They have so far accepted between 200 and 300."
"I've had a lot of people say to me \"Go back to the day when you used to fight with your father and take care of your family."
"If we can't look for the real drivers, and really see where they stand, it's a bit of a mystery, because they're probably not racing very often, but they might be interested in people who are."
"\"I think my wife and I have been through enough and that's not true,\" he said."
"\"It's not clear what the most likely outcome would be for a process that seems so complex and too often rushed,\" he said."
"I wouldn't put it past anyone to say that if it was appropriate for us to have children, we would be willing to make that choice."
"I think we are going to play the game plan with a fresh face who is excited to be doing the same thing we are doing."
"It was a whole other story, but the Giants had a long way to go to close out the series."
"When you are out there on the pitch you have to think about what you are doing and how you are going to handle that."
"\"We're not going to let the EU get away with it because we want to be a part of the single market,\" she said."
"It was about more than a couple of days, and you could understand that the writing was, I think, fairly sharp,\" he said."
"The scientists said the findings may help in making the case for further research on this complex drug."
"We haven't had any of them come in this year, so it's not that we're missing out on anything."
"A BBC crew which had just arrived at the site for the camp found that the man was still there with his children."
"He will try to find a way to play some football for him, but we have to make sure that he comes back as well."
"But with the help of the Uber app, in the next few weeks we could get our hands on them."
"\"We're in good shape for the rest of the year and that's where we're at,\" he said."
"\"I love a good test, I love a good test- and that is the most important thing for me,\" he said."
"This is a big deal for us because we want to make sure that other countries and areas and women in the world are made aware of this."
"\"We're trying to solve the problem in a way that works for all of us, and not just the wealthy,\" he said."
"In the last couple of months, I've been doing a lot of reading, so I've got a couple of weeks in there."
"The fact is that we have a very, very strong family here at home and we hope this goes over really well."
"I had the idea of going to college, and I had a good idea of why I wanted to start a business, but then, at the age of 19, I became a working woman."
"But I don't think that's a bad thing: If you see something like that on a TV screen, it's likely to go away."
"But I don't have a total time limit, so we'll just keep our eye on it."
"They came up with a fix- and I have no doubt they are the ones who are most behind the story."
"\"It was quite a shock to them, because she was so young and so talented, but also in her own way,\" she says."
"\"I think the fact that I was there for five years is amazing, because I've been here for two years,\" he said."
"The difference is that although the game has been played in a certain way, the game has also been played with a certain amount of respect."
"But he wasn't ready to give up a fight, and after three years of fighting, it's finally time to start a comeback."
"A few years ago, I went to a Premier League game and I wasn't on top of my game or running at my pace."
"But then I saw the song and was like \"OK, this is so good! And this is my own idea!\"and I love it."
"It's not unusual for parents to leave the children in home care, but to do so without a proper education."
"There were fears it might be used to hit the Chinese mainland, where most of the world's airlines are operating."
"I knew I was going to be close to her at some point and I decided to just get to know her better as an artist."
"The bank has paid out $ 300 million in property and equipment loans and investment loans to the city of San Francisco over the past five years."
"I think the reason we have seen so many hate incidents is because people don't trust us because we just want to have the most fun."
"'When I first started to speak out it was so hard to even hear my voice because it was my voice alone."
"He says that, for example, he and other supporters of Trump have been asked how Trump would make it so he could be president, a condition of his victory."
"But the Prime Minister's new strategy calls for the country's nuclear forces to have 30 years of \"high level strategic awareness \"from their take- up."
"I've come here to let you know that we have a lot of strength and confidence going into this battle."
"\"I have spent the last four or five years of my life trying to convince myself and my children that I have finally got it,\" he said."
"It may be that I've lost my friends, but I haven't lost myself ; and I'm alive to live it."
"\"If you can't get the people, the market's going to collapse,\" he said, in a phone interview."
"\"The question is whether they have the resolve to support the nation or whether they don't,\" he added."
"We have our own television, which is an entirely different thing, and that's where we have our own guidelines on what we're willing and not willing to do."
"She says the action shows they've just come to the right place, to the right time, and the team is solid."
"It can be extremely hard to get the ball into your right- hand side and use it as a second touch."
"\"If I do want to come back to London, I'd like to be in an environment where I can afford the accommodation and the food,\" says Miss Clinton."
"It's going to be great to be at home and it's not going to be easy, but hopefully we can show that character on Sunday."
"The first will take place in Florida on April 24, followed by a second rally in Virginia on May 13, and the third in North Carolina on May 21."
"One of the first things that comes to mind when it comes to going out on your own is a lovely place to be."
"\"I don't think we have a party here now with so many people coming to us and saying what a waste of time it is to be making decisions and not being informed,\" she said."
"As a mother, that's what I wanted to do, to give my child the best education possible, and I'm going to continue to do that."
"We didn't have the luxury of holding our head up high and going'look what happened here ', or we wouldn't have the luxury of meeting our targets."
"I said if there was no relationship at all between the writer and the agent, it's like playing to people's fear of actors."
"But we want to be clear that the campaign for Brexit will be based on staying in the EU and the public has an important role to play in this."
"This happened in the early hours of Saturday morning, but there are plenty of drivers on the road who can take their time."
"They then spent almost an hour traveling through all the different areas of the city, ending up on two different flights."
"They're really talented players, but they're not cheap, and it doesn't make any sense for them to move on."
"\"In a democracy, people are supposed to get to know each other and to seek common ground,\" he said."
"It was nice to get a good win but the manager made a lot of mistakes against us and we showed that today."
"It wasn't always like this, though, so I got the doctor's orders to have me put back to sleep."
"The captain, a former head teacher, would have been particularly likely to use such tactics as a last resort."
"I think we've had enough of him coming in and he's got the quality and the character to go."
"If you take into account that the service will work for everyone, then the extra cost of \u00a3 8 a month could have been avoided."
"That will give the first generation of workers a chance to get a decent education, and boost the economy."
"As a Celtic fan, it's a feeling I know will be there for years to come."
"If you don't see it before, it might be because it's so easy to miss out on."
"But the politicians have no concept of the amount of revenue they have and so I think it's not right to put them under any pressure to do it."
"The U. S. Justice Department has asked the federal appeals court for help in bringing charges against three of the five people charged in the Boston bombings."
"\"We've lost eight points in a row, that's going to be the end of that,\" Johnson told the Guardian."
"For the current event, the team have added a defensive goal, a performance which they have been highly critical of throughout this season."
"There was another group in the group that was able to identify the person, in the event of a man being assaulted."
"So I want to do my best for my country and the world and be able to help the American people."
"He may or may not win, but it's definitely going to be a difficult match up for us."
"She told the BBC: \"We will continue to give ourselves an opportunity to show people what they want."
"They're in a place where they're able to do that in a way that's difficult for them to do."
"The Democrats had an easy victory, they lost their home state of New York, they won the South Carolina contest and they just don't seem to know it yet."
"The more I have known about it the more I have realised how fantastic it is to make a difference and how important it is to listen to what your viewers are saying."
"I think the good thing about America is that we're a country that believes in America and we can do it."
"I think if you talk about the cup you've got and the cup that you have, the fans and the club you're going to win the cup and then the fans, well, they're not going to get it done."
"The move comes as the GOP race in the state of New Jersey is deciding whether to support Trump."
"It's a great state to be in and a great place to be on the court, and we're ready to go, really."
"At first he didn't want to go to school but eventually he decided he wanted to live in the UK so that he would be able to care for his family."
"But despite the success of his YouTube channel and the money he has raised over the past year, he says that there is still much work to do."
"She had not heard from the agent, or seen her again until just after 9 a. m. local time Tuesday."
"A spokesman for the Saudi embassy in London said it had been informed of the investigation and that no further action was being planned."
"And what a way to end our relationship that was by far the most damaging thing that I've ever seen in my life."
"He said: \"When you look at the figures, you see very little growth in the number of people coming to the UK."
"It's not just about getting an education, it's about getting a good job in the community."
"The number of people with mental illness in the UK is on the rise and is expected to double by the end of the year, according to the report released today."
"The Prime Minister has also called on the European Commission to reveal how much money the UK will be spending on its border arrangements."
"This is a great opportunity for me to grow the business because I think this has been a very, very successful year."
"It's not a bad place to be, it's a nice environment, a nice place to live, and I hope you'll be too."
"But, in reality, it was a happy ending to a long- fought battle, one that was unlikely to be repeated by the opposition, his supporters or the country."
"I'm not going to be sending my boys away to some place, I don't know."
"This happens after you're dead and it is very hard to see what you would have been in the future."
"This year's appearance was based on a picture shared by the teenager's Facebook page, and was also widely reported by news outlets."
"But a Trump victory would mean that the Republican Party is now less likely to be divided and less likely to see the limits of traditional politics being crossed."
"The measures were put in place after a series of terror attacks by radical Isis supporters in Paris and Germany that killed 130."
"But there's no way that you could leave your bedroom door open and see what's going on, the world is a better place if you open the front door and look outside."
"But she did agree that her family faced challenges when she entered the labor market in the early 1990s."
"But he could easily have taken the horse again and it is in his team's interest to retain that chance."
"If a person doesn't get out, you can find out for sure that something is wrong and you can take it off."
"\"It's always a good time to go somewhere, but the French people don't seem to be so good at leaving their homes,\" she said."
"The league office gave its stance of non- participation by Samsung's half of the world's smartphone market to the government, in an effort to protect national security."
"\"When I came to the studio on the day I didn't know what it was, I hadn't put it down,\" he says."
"\"We can't put our foot down until we have a clear idea of the risks and the benefits,\" he said."
"The programme will be available to people in six different countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Denmark, Egypt, Germany, Greece, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain, Sweden and Ukraine."
"At some point, we'll have to make changes because the markets are not strong enough to keep that safe."
"\"There's not much that will change, but I feel like I've got a good foundation there,\" he said."
"It's just that they are capable of doing something very very well but, really, the reality is they have not been so successful, it's just going to be more likely that we will win this race."
"My daughter's been there for two and a half years and they've done a fantastic job helping the people in that area."
"'I just don't get it, but it's so sad when a 14- year- old can have an impact like that."
"The couple is expected to remain in the capital until the family is allowed to move in for another holiday and with Mr Campbell still missing from the front door, he is appealing for help."
"He also said it was \"too early \"for US President- elect Donald Trump to make an announcement in light of the attacks."
"Clinton was among a group of about 100 donors at the convention that's scheduled for Wednesday, where she will meet with her husband, former President Bill Clinton."
"Many of the younger generation that are here with us, and they've been working hard for their lives, just for the last six years."
"The report comes as the Government's current budget proposals for 2017 / 18 will rise by 2% to 0. 4% below the current average of 3% for the previous five years."
"\"We are pleased that the SNP are not alone in claiming the government are losing out on the vast majority of pay,\" she added."
"He said his party's victory in the May 7 Scottish Parliament election meant the SNP had made up its mind to form a government in Westminster."
"A man and woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the incident in which a woman was shot and killed on Sunday."
"The win was the fifth by a Maryland horse in the final two events of the season, and the second time since Nov."
"But in an ideal world, the President would see the country moving from a post- 2008 era to a post- Trump one."
"It's about making the most of whatever is left of it, to stay where we are and stay competitive and stay in the second division."
"The S & P 500 has been up 3. 8 per cent in the last year, the first time in nearly a decade."
"On average, as the study found, 90 per cent of Americans give up a holiday during their careers, and 77 per cent don't feel their career is worth it."
"The district will be based on how the district operates, where it is located and how many people live there."
"They were able to make the case that a company's driving and selling practices are at the core of its brand and its business."
"A 39- year- old woman, a 41- year- old man and a 21- year- old woman were detained and are being questioned."
"I'd like to say thank you for the opportunity to come out on to the stage this evening and show your support for the candidates for president."
"But as far as we can tell, the surveillance cameras of our city aren't being used in any way."
"She then added that Trump's supporters \"can't \"take a position on many issues, while supporters \"can't \"take sides \"in all sorts of cases."
"His solution was to simply change his voting record and pick the option where he didn't like the candidate's policies."
"You always want to get out there and do well in training and I'm sure we'll be able to do that."
"But in June, the US Department of Justice ordered the bank to close two other accounts in the Philippines, in an effort to get them back."
"The pair were arrested in Glasgow on Friday, but police initially said they were planning to keep quiet."
"An outbreak of the Zika virus in the United States has prompted the state of Arizona to close its doors for good."
"\"We wanted to go out there and win and put some things in the back of our heads,\" he said."
"It's also an amazing experience to watch a guy drive a vehicle through the speed limit with a gun in his hand."
"It will help you to make a life for yourself if it's easy enough, though it may take a few months to get back on track and make the change you want."
"In the past few weeks, officials from the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Canada and Canada- led European Union have gathered at the United Nations to discuss the situation in Syria."
"\"We must remember that we have to be really careful, because the world is changing and we need to try to help as many people as we can,\" he told BBC Radio 5 live."
"With this rise in high- speed Internet connections, the Internet could be the most affordable and efficient way for people to connect and get to work."
"The state's unemployment rate was 4. 2 percent in January, compared with 4 percent in December, and is now 4. 2 percent, up from 4. 7 percent in November."
"I think we need to get this right and in the right areas, but we'll do it right but I think we need a quick fix and a long- term fix."
"\"I want the Labour Party to be a platform for ordinary people to make a difference, not a museum of the kind of political parties that our country needs,\" she said."
"\"That the penalty will be put on the field in future has been part of the negotiations,\" he said."
"A vote to quit the EU would not be as easy as that to get to 50 per cent in some polls, but campaigners say there is good reason to think it will happen."
"I do feel sorry for those around me who have lost their home and those who are trying to leave it behind."
"If that doesn't happen, then I don't see it being any of our business at all."
"That's why my parents were able to stand by me- I would have had a stronger voice."
"She added:'It's a great way to spend time together, because I've known him for many years."
"He said: \"We know that they are still behind on health and we need to keep working together to tackle this problem."
"As a result, a State Government'research report into the baby's circumstances has found the \"difficult \"experience they had had."
"He has always insisted that he is only ever defending his country, which makes it easy to forget that he is not at all in the business."
"\"What we have to do now is we have to do the jobs that the person who started them, that's the guy,\" he told the BBC."
"\"We were able to talk for a while but then he said something to me that I didn't understand,\" she said."
"This allowed the former captain of the England men's team to win all four of the World Cup qualifying matches at home in the quarter- finals of this tournament."
"But in the end, it was probably a waste of time and money for those couples and families who have been planning for this for years."
"I've got to come in here and get the job done, and I hope we get there this week."
"\"The real question is whether we can keep up the good work of our self- employment in the next 100 years,\" he said."
"Many of them may have an idea for a creative hit, or don't know where to start."
"I always think when you get beat, it's going to be tough, and I think we'll do that, but we'll do that on Monday night."
"I came back home and realised it was already a challenge to get a job and I needed to get it going."
"When I am in the hospital, I am told that we have been told to leave the country, that the asylum seekers are refugees from Syria and have been living in the UK for a year."
"But after six years of living in one place, he decided to take a break from his life to visit his daughter in Los Angeles."
"But it has become a hit with women, who are also worried about their health and fear that they could be taken advantage of."
"For most of the study's 32, 000 participants, however, users were offered a diagnosis at an early age of 27 weeks."
"You know, Hillary Clinton is the most popular candidate in this country- that's been confirmed by polling."
"\"I was quite scared and it made me think that I could lose the game,\" he said."
"The students who had already reached the end of their course are not allowed to go on to the next level."
"\"There were always things that we wanted to add, but there are no more now,\" he said."
"A man has been arrested after a 50- year- old man allegedly set fire to a home in Brisbane."
"\"Our approach, once we're out there and we feel that we can get that crowd, we'll have some more competition for spots,\" said Jackson, who is in a different situation than some of the other players."
"As the United States began its most intense bombing campaign against Islamic State in years, Washington sought to demonstrate that it was not seeking a sixth war in Syria."
"A plane carrying Syrian refugees is being detained by Turkish authorities as it arrives in the Turkish capital, the president said on Wednesday."
"The old council, he said, had been \"terrible \"and the aim of the council was to put in place a property tax tax system that would not hurt the developers."
"The argument against that, in the first place, is that the goal of development is to create more opportunities for all."
"When you do have a chance to take a look at what happened last week, I feel really confident in where I am."
"I've always been very strict, always going out and out and training and doing the things I love doing, but I know I've done it and I'll continue to do it and that's why I'm here."
"If they decide to do that and continue to do that they will have to have a new law, and this is the new law, and this is the new law of the new state."
"The EU's average annual migration rate of around 10, 000 is a number that is expected to rise in the coming months."
"He was accused of trying to buy the plane for himself and wanted by investors for a good price."
"\"A lot of times, those guys don't even know what they're talking about,\" he said, referring to his father and brothers."
"With the change, I'm looking forward to a new challenge to my life and career, which is something I wouldn't have otherwise experienced."
"You can't possibly get enough of them to keep the budget steady for many, many years."
"For me it is the most important thing, I want to be the best and I don't have to know that I am so good I don't want to worry about it."
"But it's a sign that, though he's been out of the game a couple of weeks now, he's coming back."
"We had to take the advantage and I think that's what we did tonight."
"They're the champions of not just the English Premier League but the whole world and their fans are looking forward to seeing the first England game."
"\"But we're not going to do it,\" she said, in a phone interview on Wednesday."
"To put it in context, it's the same as saying that a person can't make the same decisions as someone else."
"And I think people are more aware of the fact that the US government has an interest in these projects, and it wants them."
"After the junior doctors went through with their assault, Ms Edwards said they took their share of blame for it, but it was a \"good thing \"they had made that decision."
"And the better way is to learn and continue in the fields where, especially in football, it's not as if the entire field of rugby is the same."
"Of course, this is just speculation but we are sure that it is still possible that we can secure a qualifying spot in 2018 and win it on the final day of the season."
"I like the idea of teams having more and more options for everything, but it's just too difficult."
"Mr Khan, who is also shadow home secretary, said the Government had been clear that it wanted to secure a deal."
"While the issue was discussed in a separate interview this month, Mr. Gray went on to say that he was'very upset'about what he saw."
"On Tuesday, the leaders of the rebel groups said the Russian- backed offensive was needed to halt the advance of the extremist group."
"He has also said that he will be moving ahead with his bid for the presidency, even though he is not sure if he will be able to get elected in the future."
"When you're in a relationship you never know if something's going to happen- if things aren't going to go right for you, that's the most important thing."
"He added that he would be in favor of allowing Syrian refugees to come to the UK, which would reduce the burden on the EU budget."
"A Canadian professor who asked young people to tell him what they are going to do with their money has been suspended by the university."
"\"We have to decide if we want to lose some ground and make some important decisions that are not being respected,\" he said."
"I think that's what I was looking for, to be able to meet other people and have a conversation."
"The energy sector is a hot topic in Switzerland, and here are some of the important companies that could be at stake in the upcoming presidential election."
"Of course, there is still some key material to work with, but we are confident we can make the most of it."
"\"I don't know about all the other celebrities- I don't even know how they feel- but I know that if I do get a shot, I'm going to get a little nervous,\" he says."
"We're as open as we can be- that means you'll need to think about your everyday, everyday situation."
"\"We will hear from the White House and the President's inner circle about it, and we will make that determination as we move forward,\" Obama said in his first comments on the vote."
"\"The President was given the opportunity to make the change in the government's mind, but he didn't get it,\" the source said."
"A man has been charged after police say a drunk driver crashed into a car on a busy road."
"My main concern is what the management of that business is and I think he should face serious consequences for his actions."
"It's a bit like what you've always known, when you ask for something and it's not the right thing to ask for, they don't have the answer you've always known."
"\"But if you're not a politician, you'll never have a debate,\" he says, \"but if it's something that is important, we'll listen."
"The result, in turn, could also create a force of uncertainty and violence in the future."
"The car was later found abandoned and badly damaged by a single explosion at the place of its birth, the local media reports."
"\"If there is anything you can do to get these items back, that is an issue we are still working on,\" he said."
"\"I've been working on my game all week to make sure I'm playing in the right way and to show I'm ready,\" he said."
"Some members of the Assembly and a few members of the Senate had indicated they would support Mr. Trump."
"The former Cabinet minister said: \"You are very powerful, and your influence is so great that you are not just an official but an authority."
"It has said that if a customer leaves their car without paying for five days they may be charged \u00a3 6, 000 for the extra time."
"The winner of the past 10 years will be named in 2018, which is where the club has been since 2005."
"The people that have been there before, they've had to take back control of their control and they are putting pressure on the government to take back control of their control."
"For example, if you want to make it easier for people to earn enough money, take the \"you can't afford to live \"with caveat."
"If you've ever walked into a bank, it's been a little easier than it seems, but don't worry, it will probably be a lot easier next time."
"There have been many, many incidents where someone who needs to take a baby at a certain time would have to wait 15 minutes."
"The number of asylum applications for EU- sponsored work in the UK has risen by more than 60 per cent compared with the previous year."
"A big section of the population still live there, though they've moved away with the majority to cities like Birmingham, Manchester and Cardiff."
"We understand the changes in the situation in the areas and will do our part to resolve the situation and bring the situation to a halt."
"\"You would have to give the names to the prime ministers that would be involved in that kind of thing,\" he said."
"The study shows that sales of British cigarettes increased by about a third between 1999 and 2013, the official annual average."
"We'll have to see how that affects you, but I've seen the last three games and you can see that from your last few games against Leicester."
"The financial harm to the scheme and its scheme employees is the same as those to the scheme and its customers, and this is now being confirmed by new evidence."
"When it comes down to it, it's not like a horse is sitting on his back ; it's like a piece of horse."
"The question now, of course, of how long this situation will last is unclear, but its chances appear to be falling."
"The issue, as has been the case in other countries, has an enormous appeal- especially in Germany, which has become increasingly concerned about Germany's record on gun control."
"He said he expected the series would still be broadcast in the United States, but said it would have to be put into another show."
"'We don't know if the photo is genuine or fake, but it's very strong evidence that someone was trying to do something."
"\"It would be a mistake not to do that and to have a clear direction on what is a proper and appropriate approach,\" she said."
"Mr Corbyn added: \"We are all so afraid of being ruled by a few guys and we want to make sure we're always making it our own business."
"In a tweet after the vote, the SNP leader claimed the UK was \"at a cross- section of what we need to be doing \"for the future."
"\"This is the latest in a series of events that have raised questions over the safety of our border,\" he said."
"I know we're going to try to do something positive, but I also think we've got to be very clear on what we want to achieve."
"When that happens it's hard for me to imagine myself in a place that does not respect the rule of law."
"What he has lost, along with his celebrity, is an appeal to the white working class, who are the party's base."
"You can be quite confident that, if the weather is good, you can be ready for the season ahead."
"\"You'll have no idea who I am, but this is going to be a big thing,\" he said."
"If he wants to make it clear that he will not be brought back into the role of chairman of the Labour Party, then he needs to talk with the British Labour party."
"She was well liked and respected in the local community, but if you don't have good relations with other professionals, it can get quite tough."
"In a lengthy interview, he insisted that the prime minister is not \"getting caught up \"in Brexit."
"On Tuesday, the UK government said its \"zero hour \"policy would help deal with the migrant crisis in the UK."
"There have been so many companies since the war in Afghanistan that there is not much a country can do to address the problems that have been caused."
"It has already received a surge of visitors over the past two days, up almost 80 per cent in just over a week."
"He added: \"We are at a point now where we are putting the trust of the children at risk."
"The judge told the family there was no sign that she was likely to survive and insisted there was no risk to the woman's life."
"He said: \"The man was a normal person, innocent until proven guilty, but he was also an extremely dangerous person."
"You can't hit your phone, no- one's going crazy over that, but it's funny because that's one of my favorite things about being the team player."
"While the study was done before Trump was elected, he has said in the past he was not interested in the current administration."
"The decision to make this decision comes as many in the U. S. government and others on the street are considering cutting ties with the UK- and in some cases, leaving."
"The teenager in the video is seen saying he has children, and saying he's not interested in a woman."
"More than 30 people have been killed in the capital over the past decade, mostly by the government- backed military opposition."
"I am still trying to understand, how do I come to this conclusion if I'm not at least half- open?"
"The militants are reported to be facing the death penalty for the attack, which killed at least 20 people."
"One thing the Conservative leader has repeatedly stressed is that he is not seeking to impose his will on the government."
"I'll have to make sure I'm patient and I'll be able to handle the physical stuff and then they'll be able to play, they'll know when to rest, when to go, when to go and if you're going to"
"And I'm not even talking to you, I'm just talking to you, some of the guys are getting beat up or they're out."
"The main difference is the one between the two universities, they have really turned the ball over a bit more than you'd imagine."
"In all cases, a ballot should be submitted to the district board for approval by Nov."
"On March 15, police detained him again at a west London public order appeal centre and he was released."
"The whole thing was really fun, and they were really excited for the babies, and so they packed up the little ones."
"'The attacks continued for several hours, and by night I was scared for my husband and myself,' he said."
"This is the first time that a member of the staff of any of the eight teams has had to ask the question about their performance."
"The group said in a statement on Thursday that a suspect had been killed in a road crash near the venue."
"Mr. Trump said during the campaign that he would introduce a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country, a proposal that sparked much debate among the American public."
"It's a tough job, but I like to think I'm not letting myself be scared, I'm just going out there and fighting."
"But he told reporters: \"We're just trying to do what we can to get him out of hospital."
"He's so much fun to watch and be around, even when the world is on edge and people don't know how to tell him off."
"\"We want to protect our children from threats, we want to protect our children from the real threats and this is one of them,\" he said."
"I think this was a brilliant idea and now it's not necessarily a good idea when you start thinking about a large project."
"After reading the news of the arrest, he called the police and spoke to them about the crime, according to the law."
"This was certainly a factor in the result, but at the end of the day it was a genuine test of the team's resolve."
"I know he's here, and I know he's come for me and played a little bit in the team, but you never know."
"But if you're playing the same team three times in a row, your coaches are much better at that than you are."
"We've got a lot of ideas to improve the quality and we'll be looking at them in the weeks ahead."
"Now if it had been left up to us, we would have taken a better stance, but we wouldn't have."
"It was the most successful all- I think for anyone to do it, everyone's got a chance."
"Of the people that Trump brought to the White House, he said, \"I didn't know him."
"She told the BBC:'I was in the car at the time of the attack and I don't remember the details of what happened."
"I want to know where I am and where I am going, how long I have been here and if there is anything that I can do to help my family."
"Theresa May's Brexit secretary has said the Government is looking for more \"big- data \"on the UK's plans for the country's finances."
"The good thing about a team like this is that they can do whatever they want and the good thing is that they have a much better goal."
"After a quiet day on the campaign trail, Clinton's aides are making the case that she will be ready to begin the race at the convention."
"I saw this fight in our home town and we all watched our family go through the pain that was brought on by it."
"In November 2015, three boys were shot and killed in separate incidents near a Colorado gas station."
"He's spoken to President Barack Obama about the action he took after the attacks and said he believes the U. S. and its allies will remain strong."
"The former secretary of state also has a high opinion of her husband of more than four- out- of- five Americans."
"More than half of U. S. workers-- 45 percent-- said they would lose more than $ 1, 000 in their pay by the end of the year."
"I felt like I had a chance to make a difference and I felt like if we were going to be successful, it was going to have to happen in the same way."
"\"When the governor and the director of the FBI joined hands and said, \"Go ahead, turn it over to the states,\" that's when things started to happen,\" she said."
"The following year, Smith signed a long- term, multi- million dollar deal with the Broncos, where he played in all 32 games."
"But she told reporters earlier in the day that the FBI was not in a position to request an arrest warrant without a court order."
"\"A lot of the young people they hear talk about diversity are a little shocked because they're not aware of the issues,\" he said."
"One of the concerns I hear from women in these situations is that it's difficult to stand up and be proud of yourself."
"The meeting is scheduled for Monday and the government expects to give the meeting an official status of \"official in full \"following the next three weeks."
"The lack of awareness that people are still in emergency situations and that they are only put in a moment's notice is a big one."
"On the other hand, they can't do it, so I think it's a really powerful thing to do."
"And it was a surprising turn of events, given the level of support for the program from the community."
"He said: \"The parents need to know how these boys are being treated and that they are not safe in the camp."
"They said it's not a debate about the future of NATO and would have it further that every member state has to pay for NATO."
"Most people never go back to school again, and the evidence is clear that many of the negative consequences of this happen all the time."
"\"I guess there's a feeling in the team that they don't want to have anyone get hurt,\" he said."
"A Royal Mail spokesman said the company has now come to the conclusion that its customers pay on time and that it will step up the service to all customers as part of a \"soft start \"to the new year."
"The court heard that the man's mother- in- law also told police she had gone out to take a night bus to the family home."
"The first task he'd asked was a question about his plans for the campaign: How will he win the next election?"
"In August he claimed the UK was ready to sign up to a global agreement on climate change, but would be prepared to back off."
"Some MPs are saying they cannot rule on the case, so they will not be able to file a formal appeal."
"She made a fresh start by writing a story about the treatment she'd been given by a doctor and getting a cold."
"I think we are well placed to be in this situation, which is a good thing because it gives us a chance to try to make sure we are better than in the past."
"Despite his commitment to improving the health of all of us, I still find it difficult to get through the day in peace."
"This is a simple problem: many parents are choosing to follow the advice of their children, rather than following their own views."
"They're all out there- all of us, who are all playing on a different type of level, with our own version of the game."
"A majority of Americans, roughly 50%, said they prefer voting for Mr. Trump, with Mr. Trump making up the remaining 40% who have no opinion of him."
"A few months later, I was there and they took me to the best hotel in town, but I was too young to go."
"But when it came to Britain, Labour was hard- working, concerned about the impact of the EU on its financial services sector."
"\"There is no question that Donald Trump is a dangerous man and will be dealt with as a result of his words, behavior and actions,\" he said."
"If she can, of course, the world would be a better place if she had kept those messages- and the world would be a better place without them."
"If it doesn't, you're going to end up getting hurt, so you have to sit back and try to plan for that night."
"The researchers found that 60 percent of the children who had been treated had no hope of returning to their parents at all, compared with just 8 percent of those who had been treated."
"I'm very proud of my strong leadership team and I think we will see some pretty significant results in the next couple of weeks."
"He said:'I was in the water and it was very cold and people were running away from the water."
"\"I felt like I was hitting the ball into the wrong place and to get my last three hits, I felt like I was hitting the ball into the wrong place,\" he said."
"But last week the actor said on a conference call with reporters:'We are going to play a new movie at the end."
"\"The fact that there was a particularly good response and a great experience was really important,\" he said."
"We understand that the Home Office has the right people in the field, but we don't know why we have to turn to a system that we already know is best for us."
"In the first full day of Trump's presidency, U. S. markets are starting to feel a lot better."
"It is not the first time the EU has decided to block some refugees, but it is the first time the camp has been established on its own."
"The first result, however, was not enough to stop the run, which began when Stewart was caught for not using his beer bottle to dry ice a beer."
"\"It's the first day of school and we don't really know what's going to happen,\" she said."
"But the main thing is we want to be a professional club and not be like a semi- professional club, like a semi- top club."
"It's the first time a Lakers team has lost a series with a winning record in a season since the Warriors won the 2006- seven- game series."
"\"I'm now confident that I will be able to play at a high level for the first time in my life,\" he said."
"To win a Scottish Cup, you have to win at least a three- game- winning streak and it's not a case of playing away to Australia."
"But at the same time, the project needed to be ready for the next few years, and then it had to be ready for the last few years, and then it had to be ready for the last few months."
"But that is unlikely to happen in any case, and unless the Brussels summit becomes a hot- button issue, it will be difficult for the opposition to gain ground."
"\"What it shows is that it was a matter of time before people started to see that there were even really good options,\" he said."
"I was really disappointed with the first six holes but there are still a couple of holes that are pretty challenging."
"It's an interesting story, but if we're going to write about that, then it's always better to write about things that make us feel good."
"He said: \"It's almost impossible to predict what will happen in the event of a large weather event."
"Two decades later, he and his wife went on holiday to South Africa for their wedding and on a boat trip to Africa."
"It was by no means a given, but she was struggling to even get out of bed when the door opened."
"That's not surprising, but we thought they were getting the worst of us and we had a really good performance."
"We have got to find a way to win in these circumstances and that is what this is about."
"And a poll that the New York Times recently carried out showed that more than three in four Americans now feel like they're out of control."
"\"I've done a lot of therapy before and you always have the right to challenge the system,\" she says."
"The world's second- largest economy is expected to start 2016 with a deficit of $ 1. 3 trillion, the largest in five years."
"\"I have a job to do, so I am very confident that there is no political or economic force behind it,\" she told The Independent in an interview."
"'I'd rather be right, I think that's a clear statement that he's the right choice and I think that's why we have come here."
"Some Republicans in the South called for him to step aside, while the majority of Democrats in the West said he should not be considered."
"I had decided to put in the time of day on the day, even though I knew it wouldn't work."
"What's more, if I can get into a fight with him, I'm all in."
"It was the fourth straight day of pay- TV failure for the National Football League, with the NFL's $ 42. 7 billion in TV rights."
"It will not be a short- term fix, but the power of money will be out of control."
"He explained: \"We work extremely hard on this programme and have to keep on working hard as far as we can, because we can't think about them any more."
"As she had planned, she called me and told me to follow her, but I was too young and had not a car to do so."
"But we will look to move up to our second Champions League campaign in the next few days and hopefully we can get on the scores."
"It's going to be another massive week for me and it's something I really love to do, I don't think I can help it any more."
"Many in the audience were surprised when they saw the names of the families at the end of the speeches, although no one was able to give any names."
"Some of these players have played up close to their social media accounts, so they're all pretty much in the same boat as me."
"The cause of the blast is still unknown, but local media said it could be the first direct attack by Isis militants on a British military base."
"There is also the risk that a vote to leave could lead to a referendum on Scottish independence, which could have a lasting impact on the country's relations with the rest of the UK."
"But an analysis of historical data suggests that the longer people live in Switzerland, the more they are expected to get sick."
"That is not the way that the parties should be running our country, but I think this is a clear example of why we need to bring forward a serious and comprehensive approach that will deliver our political future to those who are standing in the way"
"And because they are nearly 50 years old- and because they're tied to the decisions that we are making now- we will never get around that problem."
"When we started out we didn't really have a life and we just wanted to do what we could to help others."
"\"This is the biggest change I've had in my life that I can say on record,\" he said in an interview with The New York Times."
"It's also a crucial early target for supporters, a test to see whether his shadow cabinet can hold out for the nomination."
"A teacher and a mother are expected to step down, with the school board announcing a $ 6 million reward for information leading to the arrest of the two suspects."
"In fact, there's been more interest in your sister's murder than in her brother's death, he said."
"The conversation has taken place but it's also very emotional, in part because I feel like that's what happened and the loss of my son will impact my life."
"\"The difference between the two is the people are on opposite sides of the table,\" said David Davis, who represents the Davis Institute."
"In fact, several of the people I spoke to who received payments in the amount of less than $ 100 a year were earning more than $ 200 a month."
"If we had been in London or anywhere else in the UK, it would have been quite difficult for the families to leave."
"She's been waiting to have her life replaced by the best versions of things she's ever had."
"\"If we are able to get through this process, then the political parties will have a voice,\" he said."
"\"We still have some things to sort out in the winter, which is all I can really ask for,\" he said."
"\"This is a very tough environment for us and if we come out of the first round with an individual we will be doing our best,\" he said."
"At the same time, there's a fundamental shift in society: From today, we really don't need to think about women at all."
"\"The discussion was held on Saturday and the government indicated they were prepared to step in and provide additional funding,\" the Foreign Ministry statement said."
"It was my attempt at a personality, to make people aware of what I was actually like, and how much I liked myself."
"While Trump's strong showing in Iowa has certainly raised expectations of a strong finish, Clinton's performance there on Super Tuesday has also raised expectations about where she will end up."
"\"I mean, I'm going to go-- I'm going to go-- I think I can tell you for certain,\" Trump said."
"You can't change everything, but you can't give up on a chance to win, and that's what I'm really excited about."
"The president- elect said he would work to boost U. S. steel production and the strength of the U. S. dollar."
"\"We must move to a world where people can have privacy and protect their privacy,\" she told the Guardian."
"In order to achieve this, you will need to make these choices for yourself, with little or no help from your doctor, or family members."
"\"The rain and the cold is killing us, and you see people getting shot on their way home,\" she said."
"The team made the connection between its game plan and the quality of its opponents, as opposed to the team's late game plans."
"\"We knew from the start we were going to be going in the right direction, and we're confident that we can do that this year,\" Jackson said."
"I also think it's too early to say if they will be even a couple more, so we'll have to wait and see."
"And we see our own daughter growing up in the shoes of these people, the kids that we're spending the best part of our lives with."
"We've had some fantastic stories from the local community so that's given me some great advice."
"\"I would like to think that the administration will be able to understand that this is an extraordinary event that has happened,\" he said."
"We hope this will put an end to this problem and bring many people back to work again."
"\"I think we did a good job of that,\" Johnson told reporters after his return."
"We're not sure why, but you know, if you look at what's happened, it's just so different to what you see."
"All of a sudden, the debate seems to have broken out, and here was the billionaire taking a stand that didn't seem to be working."
"We have a whole team of people working in the creative industries, we're one of the few areas that doesn't just have to focus on the creative industries."
"The latest figures also show that in one instance only 5. 6 per cent of the EU's workers applied for permanent jobs."
"The economy added 0. 3 percent in the fourth quarter and growth stood at 0. 3 percent for the full year."
"\"You couldn't have asked for a better tool for a teenager to be in her teen years,\" she says."
"The Government is keen to ensure that the report's findings are published and that people are given the information they need to make informed choices."
"\"It is a different situation to how things were with the UK and I think a lot of the focus has moved on to people going back home,\" he said."
"It has prompted some of the country's most vocal supporters to protest at the upcoming election, saying it is too early in the campaign."
"And when you're lucky enough to walk down the path of the best players you'll become the best player."
"The report said the UK economy is expected to grow by 0. 5 per cent over the next five years compared to 0. 4 per cent in the US."
"He didn't want to give up his job but he would've rather be in prison now and not face the prospect of serving his sentence."
"As a result, the Labour party has to open its doors to more people who want to join our party."
"\"I'm not saying all that much about our talent, but it's great,\" he said."
"In recent years, the United States has taken steps to address the impact of the Zika virus on Zika education and research."
"\"But now I am the boss and it is the responsibility of all the staff to make sure that we are all working in the same way,\" she said."
"They [ the police ] can't stop him until he is no longer a danger to themselves or others, and it doesn't matter if he's a criminal."
"He said that the 3, 000- strong US military presence on the island was crucial to maintain order and keep up with the growing demands."
"I felt like it would be great for the boys, as it would be the first time the whole camp has come together and it's good for them to get a team together to work hard."
"They come out of this year feeling just like they did the last two years, but now they are feeling really, really good, so to be back this season is really good."
"The captain was heavily criticised for not being able to work on the pitch to allow for the Russian's two- goal lead to be cleared."
"\"We don't want to be on the receiving end of a few broken feet,\" Mr. Trump said."
"If there's one thing we all know about their music, it's that they're all about putting on a show."
"\"We had a good win in Florida, we got two home runs in that game,\" he said."
"\"They may have a number of options but it's going to be a very, very tough one,\" he said."
"I love it in the UK, and I have been coming here for 12 years, and I really want to stay here."
"Now, I've seen him come into the league, he's got a really good history, a really good team, he's got the ball- rolling ability."
"The report says current legislation in Wales was introduced to give councils the power to set minimum age for someone claiming social care."
"\"As soon as you step on stage you think, \"I'd love to be at the Olympics,\" \"he said."
"But I also have to work on myself, and as a result my progress has been quite slow, even on day two."
"\"If you take someone else's body- or their assets- out, then I think it's their body,\" he said."
"The final decision is up to her, and her lawyers will have to decide whether to file a lawsuit or appeal."
"But a number of recent polls have shown Mr. Trump leading, and he is likely to win big in states like Ohio, Pennsylvania, Florida and Wisconsin."
"The deputy leader of the Scottish National party said: \"We're delighted with the result- and we'll be supporting the leader in his future campaign for Scottish independence."
"The company has been under investigation since last year after a \u00a3 10, 000 fine was dropped and a fraud investigation was launched."
"\"The debate is about a number of things: policy, the debate, whether we are a democracy,\" she said."
"The last time we saw her he was a homeless man who didn't need shelter but he didn't need to."
"The family were one of 11 children in a unit which was evacuated by the authorities as police began a search for the man."
"And while the plan calls for lower fuel prices for customers, it will see a boost to consumers \"pay bills as fuel prices rise."
"A previous survey of 5, 000 participants showed that one in four of those who supported Brexit were self- funding their retirement savings with a minimum amount."
"It has come to the point where I am so frustrated that I cannot do it because of my mental condition."
"After spending a total of $ 400, 000 on legal fees, the company then raised another $ 150, 000 by making an offer to pay off the debt and still allowing him to keep the assets."
"It is understood that each of the eight children and their mother had been working with a private firm in the area."
"However, I don't think it's a big deal to say you've got two competing books of movies and TV."
"Now I'm on my own in a city with no mayor, and the people of Aleppo want a mayor to run."
"\"They're using the word'lose weight ', that's the message that we're using,\" he said."
"He told the Washington Post that he hopes \"the U. S. is going to be the world leader in human rights and human rights,\" as well as the wider world."
"While the majority are far less aware of their state of mind, they are also much more likely to keep their eyes open than are those in the public eye."
"I think it would be a very good thing for both our nations and for the world if the Chinese government could actually produce a measure of some of those improvements."
"But the focus of her criticism is partly on the club's long- term strategy for survival as it leaves the Middle East."
"The men can get maximum credit for using social media and phone to social media sites and is not available to users who aren't married."
"You may not agree with something, but you have to have something to offer in exchange for accepting it."
"We are happy to be offering our assistance to the families of those who have been killed in the conflict."
"More than a quarter of voters in Florida said they would support either Trump or Democrat Hillary Clinton in November."
"This time, though, the challenge was not as much about the results as it was about the managers and their management."
"We've had some pretty intense pre- season preparation, I think there's some important stuff coming up."
"But it is not clear what the vast majority of the 88, 000 members will do or say at the moment."
"The data from the survey shows that people on a mortgage who could afford to own their first home are 18. 2 percent more likely to own a first home."
"A huge body of scientific data shows that there is a strong connection between cannabis and the risk of brain cancer."
"'I've had a few people ask me about it but I don't think it's a good idea."
"You have to walk, you have to go all the way down the street, you have to come to the hotel, then you have to go all the way back up."
"The numbers you see here are the real number of people who have died in the UK- more than a million."
"She may not have been married when she was at the center of this, but she was still close to me."
"\"If I could make the biggest pledge I've made about how I'm going to run, I would say I'm going to give everything I have to do the job,\" Sanders said."
"This is something we could do, or they could bring more science, but they could not have the resources to do it on the scale that they need."
"This should be the life of a business owner with a great idea and a keen knowledge of how to ensure he or she can get that to work."
"Mr. Obama said he expected a new approach to reducing emissions by the end of his second term in office."
"She is lucky to have been born with an extra eye to eye with the rest of us who had a problem with their intelligence."
"I have a good job, a good life, and a family, and a wife and a home ; and my daughter will have a good life."
"I don't know if it will get worse but it is quite serious, I have heard of people having a heart attack, it is life threatening."
"The measure passed the Assembly two days ago, after it was written by a group of business leaders."
"It is not easy to know how much to eat, because the most important thing to consider is your weight, if you eat anything more than what is in your plate."
"\"If you think about it, I have a plan, and I've got a plan, and I'm going to do whatever it takes to get elected,\" Trump told CNN in September."
"But she wasn't as popular as her Republican rivals, who were right behind her in the polls."
"But at the same time, we know that we don't have the balance in the Senate."
"The rest of the world would agree that I have had a great deal of success, and would be surprised to see me go down in history as someone I am proud of, but I think we have to deal with that."
"I don't know if the people were looking for him or not, but that's what we're going to try to find out."
"It is far more difficult for a man to know if there is a murder suspect hiding in the corner of the shed."
"The political system here is broken, and the only answer to this is to talk more about the larger problem of immigration."
"It's hard to believe we haven't done that already in this campaign, but I don't think there is any doubt in our minds."
"It is going to be a shame if I get a spot and I'm not too good in the morning."
"We will all be sad, and some people may even wish that they had been dead at the end of the day."
"And it is not just the delegates of the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic National Committee that will vote in the convention."
"He is a wonderful fighter and he has lost just six of his nine world titles so he has got a lot of work to do."
"\"He's a man who's done great things for the game and we're just looking forward to working with him,\" said the coach."
"This time last year it was a big positive for us because it gave us the confidence to go on and win games."
"When people visit the UK, they often have to visit their family or the local authority to look for a home."
"The mayor said the referendum will not take place and that it was up to the delegates to decide."
"He's a very tough player and I think if we can stay calm, we can score goals and he will be on our side."
"The new programme, which will start from April 2017, will give children at primary and secondary schools the opportunity to visit the world's most beautiful parks and wildlife parks."
"As a student at Kent, he was aware of the children's behaviour, but he remained'well away'from the children."
"The work is going to be very different to where it's been since our last show in New York."
"Even after all the hard work and effort put into the search, the family's search has not been easy."
"A West Yorkshire Police spokesman said: \"We are aware of a reported threat at a road- closure area near Kent."
"The increase to about $ 17. 5 million, including $ 4. 1 million in hotel and convention fees, was a 2. 5 percent increase in first- time buyers."
"The reason it's so hard is that it's so very hard to identify what she's saying."
"The PM, on the other hand, is focused on serving the American people and using the power he has to bring about change in a way that benefits all Americans."
"'I'd thought if they thought that I was a bit odd, that I wouldn't be doing well."
"\"I can tell you that I am looking forward to this season and I am also very excited to be involved with the team and working with our new coach, Chris Ford,\" Smith said."
"\"We would do things like file the birth notice with our employer, or send an email to our social network, or email us via Facebook,\" she added."
"\"The first one that got there, the last one, he was trying to put away his gun,\" Trump told CNN."
"If they are looking at putting a lot more pressure on the opposition, then I think that is part of what we need to do."
"He just wants to find the problem now and I am sure if he was to do that he would never have been elected."
"Mr Corbyn has said the party had failed in its duty to ensure the future was fair, but conceded the fall in membership of the Liberal Democrats had made it impossible to deliver."
"\"When I was in the final two, I think it was a really good loss,\" he said."
"They didn't let us be alone because they had a lot of names in the wall, and they were all from the same people."
"\"It's going to be a fun night in L. A., a great crowd and it's going to be very, very exciting for the whole community,\" he said."
"On Wednesday, the billionaire businessman told Fox Business Network that he wants to run for president as a Democrat."
"But a final final decision could not come from the court because the California Supreme Court had not yet ordered a hearing."
"But when the fire's impact starts to make people think more, the reality becomes less attractive to them."
"I feel like the players are really positive and I think they can really make a positive statement and hopefully get a positive response from the NRL."
"The region is a key driver for energy, as it's used to supply electricity to about 200, 000 homes."
"'I'm so frustrated that it's not working for me but I'm not able to work,' he says."
"According to the Labour party conference, this is a Labour Party with a very strong focus on the economy, public services, infrastructure and the working of the parliament."
"As a result, under the rules, delegates are bound to vote for a winner when the winner of each party's primary is selected by a majority of the delegates who vote for the nominee."
"\"It's tough for me to think of him as someone who has to be really good at something,\" Roberts said."
"The actor was one of eight athletes who were arrested on Wednesday in Rio for doping violations, and was one of the first athletes to be released after losing a competition."
"An employee at a restaurant says her staff have been hit by a car but the driver doesn't seem to be involved in the crash."
"He became the country's first male president in a country that doesn't have a leader of its own."
"The Prime Minister will be particularly proud to confirm that he has met with Theresa May and John Major to discuss his plans for Britain's departure from the EU."
"It was a great way to get the ball into your hands, and I think the guys did a great job of that."
"Of the refugees who crossed into the UK between 2004 and 2014, 90% were children, while 62% were from outside Syria."
"The men, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, had been traveling on a domestic partnership agreement that requires them to live together on their own."
"As far as I'm concerned, I'm just happy that we were able to pull this off."
"The researchers, from the University of Missouri School of Medicine, found that in the exercise group, the body didn't respond as it should."
"The family home is currently being moved to a more affordable location, where it will be easily available to those in need."
"The couple's marriage broke down and the couple didn't want to come back to him in any way."
"When I met him on the set of his music, I told him that I'd watch him perform a song on his album."
"To be fair to him, it seems clear that, even if Mr Trump can't win the presidency, he will be a natural choice to succeed Mr Obama in his failed attempt to secure a comprehensive immigration reform bill."
"The first question is, why does someone with a background in the real world need to learn what they want to do, rather than what is presented in their mind?"
"We all know the issues with this trade deal- one of the big ones- but we're all equally concerned about the impact that the agreement will have on other issues."
"There are some strong arguments for and against this but I would like to suggest that for some people a couple of months ago they said'we don't want the EU and we want the UK ', so now that's the point."
"I'll go to the gym and get used to it, but I think I'll never be as fit as I am now."
"'She wouldn't let me sit down and not even look at her and have some kind of conversation,' she said."
"Trump also won big among white working- and middle- class voters- who are less likely to be Republican- than other groups."
"The practice is already an issue for the Dodgers, who have struggled to win an average of five games in a row."
"\"I'm not too old for that,\" he said, as though he still hadn't decided where he wanted to go next."
"In June 2015, local authorities reported that more than 40 per cent of those who had been found with serious injuries were believed to be still alive."
"\"He is so rich he can get away with it,\" said a source, who said the group was still paying him for his service."
"She didn't want to go back to school, she said, but to come back to school for something she had never done before."
"But in the end, what really caught my eye was the amount of tweets I could get my hands on, how many people could read it."
"We've made a decision now, but it's going to be a difficult decision to make, because he has the desire to play all the way to the end."
"The first time I looked into the head of the victim, she gave me the old white shirt."
"We have to be the best we can be, we have to be the best we can play and we can't do that in a game like this."
"While Mrs May was campaigning in the UK on Thursday for Brexit, she also was in London where she shared a \u00a3 500 note with President Barack Obama."
"It's a matter of when we're going to be able to say that the results were the wrong ones."
"We haven't had the chance to go to England and we have not seen the games where we played a good game for two weeks and we felt we had enough to play."
"We've got a great squad, we've got some exciting names, and I'm very pleased to be able to say I'm getting the chance to go into the team again."
"A spokesman for the university said:'We are in close contact with all of the students involved and are in contact with all of them."
"You just need to give yourself a chance to play and try to get better every week, but right now I think we can keep our games."
"The leaders met again in the US- Canada joint- use zone, which would be controlled by the US."
"\"I'm optimistic I can handle the challenge, but I've got to be careful with that,\" he said."
"In the study's findings, a person's awareness and response to a new word or a new experience were also linked to the higher odds of starting a new relationship."
"The company plans to open stores in Las Vegas in the second half of 2017, with the first one planned in the fall."
"His suspension came just hours after the suspension was officially announced by the union, and a day after it was announced by the NFL."
"It's probably not the sort of deal you'd expect from the company, which is why this announcement is not going to be made public."
"That's something I've always thought of when I'm watching a basketball game, because it's like, you can always get inspired."
"\"To go from two men and five women to four women and two men and four women and one man who will be the President, that's something that the American people deserve,\" Sanders said."
"Now that the economic damage has been done, they can work harder to get to the left side."
"And the process, though it might be bad for you, is actually kind of fun, especially if you don't have any other focus."
"\"When I played I had a little bit of luck and luck didn't really help in terms of results, but it definitely showed me that you can't put everything you've got into one day,\" he said."
"In August, Donald Trump said he would not \"tear up the rules \"by running a \"new style \"of government."
"We want to get this done so we can get our kids to school and move on to their careers in society."
"And the father, who had always been generous to his son, admitted:'I felt a lot better about the situation."
"I know he's one of the most aggressive guys in the state, but he's not too deep in the state."
"I'm not sure how much of that is good news or bad news, but for the most part it's good news."
"A court will likely decide whether the PM is fit to be the prime minister of Britain, the report says, or whether there is a legal case to answer."
"At the last debate, in July, Trump claimed that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were also playing \"fantasy \"targets."
"\"She is the first Muslim woman in this space and I've no doubt she will be selected for the White House in her chosen term,\" Clinton said in the ad."
"\"If I have a second, I'll take it if it's a big threat,\" he said."
"The company will reduce the size of its workforce by 15, 000 over the next three years and 600, 000 over the next four years, it said in a blog post."
"This is the time of the week to see who you feel you have a chance to win the game of football at the top of the division, to get the hang of the season."
"We got it very well for him, but I was surprised he was available for a trade that was very good for him and very cheap."
"All this is to say that the United States should not be doing more to stop the flow of migrants into Europe."
"It's always a great game for us and we'll be playing in a lot of different cities to try and keep up that pace."
"As a teenager I went to London to study in the UK but to my shock I was approached by a gang of men who started attacking me in front of me."
"I think we have a strong and positive team that we can put together on our own and get to the next level."
"The Raiders now have their chance of keeping their two- point lead over the Broncos after taking a two- point deficit in the first round."
"At the moment, all these charities and their staff don't have to do anything- not at all, and certainly not under the current scheme."
"I haven't gone to any games and that's good because I can play at my best and that's what I want to do, that's what I want to do."
"That trend is only expected to continue, but it may not last long, if at all, and researchers say their findings don't necessarily represent the best solution."
"\"We need to have the same conversations, and we need the same ideas, and we need the same ideas to move the party forward,\" he said."
"A few years later, when I was in the U. S. Army, I discovered that I could win a competition with a phone."
"They're moving into what would have been their last game of the season, and that's a fight they'll have to win."
"We also want to make sure that we give you access to our most essential apps, so you can be the best travel app."
"The paper warned that EU membership could be impossible without full access to the single market- but \"it is entirely possible \"with an agreement on free movement."
"It was to be a game that was far more personal and than you could possibly expect from a manager."
"In the first four years of the program, the \"state of care,\" which covers all of the student body, was estimated to cost $ 17. 5 billion."
"She says that when she found out about the attack, it caused her so much pain she couldn't sleep."
"But that doesn't mean it's impossible, nor does it mean you can't do it with your life."
"He will take the first stage of the race on the second leg of the Tour de Yorkshire, but he will take the first stage on the British Tour and finish second."
"The suicide of the man who was reportedly stabbed to death in a shop in the heart of the capital, has sparked outrage across the world."
"It's the opposite of the same for these couples- only they can be offered the same amount, regardless of whether they were married or not."
"But after that, the vast majority of people in every country (except Sweden) are still shocked by the answer they receive."
"You can see the guys around me that maybe wasn't given the chance to be of help in this situation."
"Police said there was \"no obvious cause of death \"for the accident and the search for a second suspect will continue."
"A further four people were rescued by helicopter on the day of the accident, who all died from their injuries."
"\"She's a very hard worker, she makes the right decision for her family, she'll make the best decision for her country,\" Obama said."
"However, he was sentenced to three years in prison and ordered to pay a $ 20 fine and a $ 250 fine for five counts of child sex abuse."
"While he has done well in the polls in Iowa and Nevada, it is hard to imagine how this will change his campaign."
"I'm going to tell you, as you know, we are going to come out with some much- needed cuts and we're going to help people more."
"The second, he said, is in the air, where he spoke of \"the problems that America faces on its border with Mexico,\" before he added: \"There is an urgent need for a better border."
"He had a lot of experience in the operation and would have to get the veterans out at the beginning of the month."
"That's what happens when you do something like this in the history of rugby, and there's been other places along that line where there have been times where we've had a lot of terrible results."
"That decision was a fairly obvious one- it is the agency's duty to provide strong leadership in the form of a general manager."
"You can't give the government the power to stop you from taking a piece of your country and using it for business."
"The initiative was launched following a call from the Scottish Greens to allow companies to sell shares in Scottish firms where their profits were earned."
"I don't think I'm going to go on, like, \"The president, I am not going to be on the show."
"On Sunday, the Guardian newspaper reported that while the Chinese government had warned the group that it would face pressure to \"work together,\" the group was only concerned for security."
"The only issue that I really have is the level of criticism that the media has been receiving of me, my band, my whole music."
"A former Labour minister, Mr Hammond was minister for immigration and international trade for the Department for International Trade and the Foreign Office when David Cameron was prime minister in 2007."
"I am worried about how we go about doing that, but I know I'll have some options."
"It doesn't matter how old you are, you don't have the right to be saying bad things about someone in an interview, because he is going to make you less- informed."
"He's certainly got more experience than I had, which is a nice bonus because it gives him a bit more room to develop."
"Because, I think, I just think a little bit of that (death) experience made it really difficult for him and he was a little bit scared."
"\"I just don't know what he was thinking at the time but he had to drive out of town and be there for my parents,\" she said."
"I think you could be watching as well that we might see an increase in production and it might just happen."
"These recommendations will be rolled out to consumers, but at the same time they will apply to their apps as well."
"I'd like to find the man who put me in there and take care of me, and to make sure that I don't get into trouble again."
"Just a few months ago, there was a study showing that the presence of a high- fat diet in young children was linked to higher rates of type 2 diabetes."
"\"There's an election cycle that feels like it's quite close, with very few differences,\" he said."
"Just one of the hundreds of thousands of visitors who come to the country each year are getting engaged with the government."
"You can ask a question, you can get a response, and you can make changes based on that process and if there's a better outcome."
"To get the support you need is great, but the longer the treatment goes on, the more it becomes more difficult."
"This week, however, her husband's son returned to Sweden with his mother and took the children to see him play in the park."
"Because the man is found to be aged between 25 and 60, the case was not taken seriously by the police."
"In the next three weeks I will go over it to my doctor and I will see how it is going."
"At the end of this month, if your child is a refugee, you can apply for a EU visa and stay in the UK."
"At least 50 of the state's largest banks were not affected in the 3. 5- to- 6. 5 percent fall in bank loans."
"He had one last game with the team in July, when he was forced to miss a game because of his ankle injury."
"It means they can now walk around the city and have a normal day's work- as long as they work and they don't feel too out of control or under pressure."
"If there is only one country where you are guaranteed a fair and equal treatment from the state then you should be able to visit that country as long as you are not subject to discrimination."
"I was incredibly lucky to have been one of the first athletes, even if there was some development of the other end of the sport."
"He made a catch in the third quarter to tie it at 4- 3 on a first- half shot."
"This first week of November has been a challenge, not just for me but for the Welsh people and I feel I am fighting through it."
"\"I feel that when you are a European citizen, you have to have a voice and to stand up for yourself,\" he said."
"He is preparing to go home after all of this time to take on a more demanding job in the White House."
"\"We also need to look at some measures that can help help our local economy grow,\" he said."
"While Clinton is \"legally the better candidate \"for the White House, her husband is still the top choice for any president- elect."
"The EU's 28 member states are voting on Sunday on the future of Britain's membership, the deal to take in migrants, membership of the European Union and the prospect of a deal that would ensure Britain leaves the bloc."
"The Australian remains at the top end of the production grade list as a name which could be on a Top Ten list for several years."
"The Foreign Office said the couple had been \"getting on with their lives \"and a decision to leave the UK could not have been prevented."
"The rise in the number of asylum seekers coming to Sweden from Syria and Iraq has been widely criticised as a serious human rights problem."
"The Kings have more than doubled their team savings and have the potential to benefit from new investment in the building, he said."
"But she was jailed for ten months and sent to prison, which means she is out of the UK."
"In a statement, she said: \"I have worked very hard to ensure that these measures are put in place, and we are confident that the Government will act on the recommendations in the committee report."
"There were more than 250, 000 patients who were still waiting for treatment, but only about 400 of them would be able to get it today."
"It was the first time an American- born Syrian refugee has faced the prospect of returning to his home country, he said."
"I still don't know why we can't win, but it seems it was an opportunity for us to be more creative."
"And, he says, the plan will be presented to Congress and approved by the U. S. House and Senate."
"\"It's not because that's something we don't want to do but we want to do it,\" she said."
"With his campaign beginning to focus more on the delegates at stake, Rubio has now lost roughly five percent of the delegates that were awarded him by the media on Tuesday."
"We didn't take the opportunity to have an official visit with President Obama, which was a first for our state,\" he said."
"The centre- right government is seeking a majority of 1. 6 percent in the next election in 2020, according to a poll released this month."
"A federal agency with a national role in foreign policy must respond to the changes to American and Canadian policy that occur in the wake of the 9 / 11 attacks."
"They're not alone in this matter ; in 2009 and 2010, there were two cases of the same virus spreading from person to person."
"She added that she is \"incredibly proud \"to have attended the charity, which has funded a number of cancer charities in Britain."
"\"We've made a lot of progress this year and it's really important that we continue that progress,\" Brown said."
"The Rams are one of the teams that haven't won a playoff game since 1995, so we're going to give them the benefit of the doubt."
"After a campaign that is running rough- over her and her family, Trump is out of the race."
"If the UK wins the referendum, it would be a win for the EU and for Europe, but it's also a victory for the European Union."
"We have to think about how we, and our teammates and coaches, can protect and support those athletes and staff members who come forward."
"\"It is a very important race for us and we are very proud of the commitment we have put in over the past few years,\" said the Panthers forward."
"It's no surprise that the media in Israel, which has the same coverage as the U. S., is focused on the alleged bomb threat."
"The service is being expanded to include teams from South America and in the UK, but most of the teams in the group stage will be from the United States."
"There's a lot of people in my organization that I respect, but I don't have to be a part of their organization, so I don't have to be a part of them."
"The Chinese authorities, on the other hand, should take care that the body doesn't damage itself in any way."
"I am delighted to see that his life will now be known in the UK as New York."
"The key thing to note here is that the idea is that people who don't have a mental illness will be less likely to be diagnosed."
"\"But I don't think that is the right move,\" said a source close to the campaign who has not been identified."
"\"I don't think we would have enough energy in the world today for the generation of the 21st century,\" he said."
"The only way to find out for sure is to see whether the tax is being paid or not."
"\"We were lucky enough to get married last year, and then she was trying to get to know our father,\" he says."
"The move will also be welcomed by rights groups who said the regulation could effectively ban Kurdish- led armed groups in Syria."
"It said there had been an increase in the number of incidents, with those that were less serious more likely to be reported."
"That's why I'm going to make sure my brain works at that level, and I'm going to have an impact on the way the team's playing."
"\"Our country is a rich country and I think a lot of the young people and young people who voted for him, the people who've supported him all along, they've voted for him,\" he said."
"The U. N. Security Council last week approved a resolution, which could impose new sanctions over North Korea's latest nuclear test and missile launch, that has prompted a diplomatic row between the U. S. and South Korea."
"\"It's more like there's an absence in the book, as we've had an absence from reality,\" he added."
"The Conservative party is set to launch a formal formal challenge to the prime minister in an attempt to stop her taking the lead in the UK government's battle against immigration."
"We are pleased to see this as a sign that the club can continue to support the new program in a way that the club will not be disappointed."
"But he said that without a public vote of confidence in the British prime minister and the country's new leaders, it's hard to see how Britain could be saved from a Brexit vote."
"But the report warned that up to half the affected regions are still expected to experience a five per cent drop in demand."
"'It is very strange to think that we have ended the story by the end, that no one thought it was that long and we were having another one."
"And it will take a really good effort in the next few weeks to actually give the economy a chance to return to growth again."
"The European Commission is planning a consultation on the draft deal with the Chinese leaders ahead of the 2017 / 18 global financial year, according to a source familiar with the matter."
"A police spokesman said:'A suspect was arrested at the scene and charged with assault and it was revealed the man is now in custody."
"I had to rely on a lot of people, not just the players but the staff and coaches who are behind me on the pitch."
"We know that we have to change the culture of that system so we get some young people in as young as we possibly can."
"As a result, the number of people that really need to come through is probably going to be much smaller."
"In the House, the bill was passed by voice vote ; in the Senate, it was blocked by a simple majority of 49- 37."
"If you want to know the truth, this is the place to go,\" the reporter, who did not want to be identified, said."
"It's our job, to help them play, and hopefully, we have some quality players at our club in their future."
"\"I'm convinced that if a Trump presidency were any other, the country would be in worse shape than it is right now,\" she said."
"They are planning to give her more time, she says, and that's exactly what the woman in the photos has done."
"Although no one has yet claimed responsibility for the truck attack, Russian experts have spoken to the commander of the Russian military forces in Syria, Vladimir Putin."
"All she would want is the prospect of the two of them joining forces and giving their support to the political establishment of Syria."
"He played two games in the regular season last season and was called up to the senior squad on a one- year contract."
"\"We've got a good group of guys who are going to be building on what we've built, and I feel that we can't be too far ahead of what we're doing,\" said the centre."
"That would include setting up a policy to reduce abortion and ensuring women have the right to term- time coverage."
"They have to look at how much they can get away with going out of their way to make the most of it."
"His mother Kim Jones, 57, said: \"They have never been abused in their life and he is proud that he has come to the UK and is one of a number of people who have come to our aid."
"The company has also said it is working with customers in Germany and Italy to find buyers, according to the Associated Press."
"It said there was now a positive trend in countries that have adopted the concept, and the number of Australians who use the practice jumped by 27 per cent in the last three years."
"\"I don't feel I need to make a statement about race because I know when you start talking about race, it's really difficult,\" he told The Daily Mail."
"If that were not bad enough, he claimed, the Fox News hosts who would rise to the top of the Republican field would do so without any Republican leadership."
"In an interview, he also questioned whether Apple's cars had paid attention to such a road test."
"\"I was in the supermarket and asked my mother why she would do it- she wouldn't want to sell a product that I would be worried about,\" he said."
"It's a different way of playing but I think the rule is that you shouldn't play too hard."
"The U. S. House of representatives, at a hearing on Wednesday, were not given specific details on the legislation."
"It's important to say that the bigger the top one, the less likely it is that the poor and the sick will come, and we need to reduce the number of people getting sick."
"There's been lots of talk about how the Chinese don't need to work, but that doesn't mean it's the case."
"But when they are not asked about their retirement plans, they don't tell their customers how much they have spent and what types."
"This is another question for the Prime Minister and he should ask the National Treasury, who the Chancellor has no power to impose."
"He said: \"It was a completely different game- the game was much more technical- you get to the car park when you're a bit more developed."
"In that moment, you could not see the effect because the reaction could not have been anything else."
"After a couple of years, a few private tickets and I went for the second leg, but it was already dark and cold so I decided to come and see myself."
"It's been a difficult couple of weeks for everyone involved and that's just what happens in this case and what happened here last week."
"The poll also found that a majority of British people would not vote for the European Union as they are already worried about it, saying: \"People don't want to leave the EU."
"The four men were arrested on suspicion of drug possession in July 2015 and are expected to appear in court next month."
"The gap between our European and American economies has been increasing in recent years, and in China and India, with consumption growth rates of about 8% each."
"It's a wonderful legacy and one that is an opportunity to see more than a handful of foreign tourists, as they passed through."
"\"It's just a matter of our minds making sure we keep our players in the right place at the right time,\" he said."
"If it's an open competition, you can choose a candidate from the first 100, 000 votes, or the next- to- last candidates list, in case you want to look up the top candidates."
"If they are telling you that there is no public money to pay for this, then I am afraid that is not the case."
"I don't know about you but it's going to take a lot of effort to get the guys going back and we are just going to have to focus on the next game."
"It was true in many ways that Mr. Trump's rise was not particularly large, and that he still has much to prove as a candidate."
"But, according to a report published yesterday, only 30 per cent of the men who die are of a mental health condition."
"\"That's the sort of work that we should all be doing, for good or ill,\" he said."
"The city has opened two new homes in the city's west, and about 500 new apartments are on the market."
"It was a good time for our group to come together, because we've come up against some really good players."
"A number of months ago I wrote a book about the refugees and the mistakes they make in the refugee policy, and now I want to read it again."
"The U. N. is scheduled to hold its annual gathering of world leaders in New York on Wednesday, though it is unclear when it would take place."
"The department has appointed a new chief executive, who will take over at the end of the week, as well as a new general manager."
"If you can't get a 50 per cent pay rise, where are the people who can get a rate cut?"
"It is much harder for women to be considered a part of society today than it was 20 years ago, and while a third of women believe in the idea of equality, more than half of women are less interested in these issues."
