"We've obviously got lots to play for today, and hopefully it'll do to us that we're in the right place."
"In the past week, the Conservative Party set the government in a dark corner of public opinion that has caused more controversy than any other argument in recent memory."
"We had a couple of decent innings, it was a little bit more contact but we still had a bit of opportunities to get better."
"People with diabetes eat the foods that are linked with weight loss, but the effects can be greater in those who don't eat them."
"They came from more than 100 countries-- and more than 100 different countries now-- the country they are trying to come from, but also from that island."
"He has met President Obama twice, both times for a third time, and the President- elect will hold a third meeting later this week in the East of Scotland."
"The horse in the lead in this race has been gone for a very long time, but we have been watching him and he is still here."
"The two- state solution, not climate change, has forced Turkey's west to take much more on."
"In fact, the Republican candidate announced his retirement in November 2012 at the very least and many months later when he was the party's nominee for President of the US."
"She says she isn't about to get out of bed at school and only sees them once a week, giving her the impression she's too old to care for her children."
"During the 2014- 15 season the Lakers were the worst team in the league, but they're in the bottom half this season, and they did not finish anywhere near the bottom in points per game."
"We don't have an effective way of providing women and girls with safe and effective means of raising the level of understanding of disability."
"The video, made by a U. S. citizen, came from the company's Facebook pages, where the message has already been viewed more than 3 million times."
"Of those who could be forced to sign such a new contract, 1, 000 will remain in eastern Aleppo, he said."
"\"If they're going to join our movement, then they've got to give us as much time as we give them,\" he said."
"Her lead was rising and she was doing better than before she started to write, but there was no sign of that, either, he added."
"Mr Lewis, who was appointed the commission's new director last May, said the money could come from further public investment in alternative energy sources."
"A Texas man is in jail on a sex- trafficking charge after allegedly using a device in his car to deliver sexual messages."
"Trump's family members and aides did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but did maintain a Twitter account that has since been used by Trump, his son Eric and others to attack Democratic presidential rival Bernie Sanders."
"The teen, who lives in Florida with his family, has come under intense scrutiny in recent days following the teen shooting death of a police officer in Charlotte, North Carolina."
"In his state, a recent survey showed 44 percent of the more than 10 million people said they'd rather be living under a different roof."
"Under the plan, immigration agencies would take over the job of tracking all refugees on the grounds that they pose a \"high risk \"of having links to terrorism."
"\"We just got our hands on one- of- a- kind,\" the 71- year- old actor told the Associated Press."
"The travel had originally been due to take place at least four days later, on September 20."
"You will never see [ Cruz's ] name in this newspaper or vote for him because he has lost to Donald Trump."
"'I think for me I should say he's my father, my mom's daughter and my brother's brother,' she said."
"The American and German Chancellor said in a joint statement they would discuss the future of the peace talks if Russia agreed."
"I will say that I don't think this is something that should be used for anybody's benefit."
"However, even if not, their trial would be conducted only through the UK due to restrictions on communications of members."
"Just because they have to work to make sure that their kids and their kids get to school, the question of whether those things can happen on their own is something that needs to be taken into account."
"\"It is still important to note, however that this is a very small group of people and we remain hopeful for the future,\" he said."
"We've had a few phone calls about it, but not really talked about it because it is not good."
"He also said people who planned to vote for Mr Trump were given a free pass to see other candidates, even if the decision was a long one."
"I want to be here in the coming months and I can't wait to talk to you about this to give you some idea about what our view is, when we think of it."
"'We need a national climate transition plan with world leaders and we need a climate change deal that has an impact,' he said."
"It's nothing special, but this must be really nice for someone coming up and I think we'll all look at it and say that this is a great gift for you."
"In fact, some of the most influential players in this country think that a very large percentage of the vote in our elections is taken by voters in their own countries."
"Trump says that the U. S. is also \"pretty good at maintaining stability in the world,\" citing the security risks of global conflicts."
"It's a day that we've got to understand just how little he has done for us, especially at times like this."
"About one in six victims admit they had intended to kill their partner, and some victims are just as likely to believe."
"\"As soon as I left my office one time there was something on the wall on my front door,\" he recalled."
"We just need to look at some of the detail from how this played out in the last 10 years and we have some of the data."
"So she made a little complaint to the social worker, but they didn't find out about it until late last year, she said."
"Now, in the tech industry, the new industry, the all- grown- up- everyone- goes to the big- city guys."
"The odds in favour of staying are nine per cent- that is less than 60 per cent- to one- quarter, not much lower."
"He is also critical of the Western media and the new leadership, both of which he described as \"anti- democracy \"in the first meeting of his ruling party on Tuesday."
"If it's set up and it's well- funded, you can push people into making a contribution, but it's against the law and it's against the spirit of the law."
"So I looked at my social media, I saw that others were watching the debate at work and I went to the gym to watch."
"I guess that's one way of going about this and they're now enjoying their winning ways."
"I'm very much aware that I am just having a difficult time, but I want to be part of something positive and big for the people of Glasgow."
"Mrs Reid said she spoke to a similar woman for the first time two years ago but she had no idea she could have been going to an older- age care facility and she knew she was staying on the list."
"While Trump's momentum gained ground, the GOP nominee and first lady's campaign has stepped back from calling for any changes to their policies."
"In a note to employees, the company wrote that it had increased the number of employees it hired at its units by 13, 000 over the last two years."
"It all adds up to a system that, if put into place over the next few years, would effectively double the levels of European migration to the continent over that same period."
"At times, his testimony seemed to confirm that an officer, a law enforcement source said, then waited in line in a back hall."
"When it comes to crimes that occurred in the last decade in the United States, mostly domestic abuse, older Americans are more than three times more likely than younger Americans to be targets of domestic violence."
"If that's the case, another way to get across would be to be happy about it."
"You look at me, I have a low opinion of him, I'll fight him and see what happens."
"It's time to let the children's books flow and let people learn."
"In an interview with CNN, she said she hoped that her husband was chosen for the job because of the experiences he had, \"throughout his career."
"On occasion, the media outlets report the story as legitimate, but that is unlikely to happen when a completely fake document is made available to the public."
"Once the city's lights have been gone, it's unclear if crews will be able to continue work."
"I think it's a couple of measures that I'm probably thinking too much about... I don't know, they've been so busy."
"It's nice to have him back on a higher level, and you can feel he has real confidence."
"Once you have one of those- and it's a four- at- half four that you can rely on to score goals- then it's just a matter of coming out and getting the result."
"\"When we look at the way we are coming in now, we have not improved against quality opposition, we have not given the ball a lot of play,\" he said."
"\"The rules on whether someone has been allowed a drink at all must be clear and subject to process and good standing,\" she said."
"The odds: The poll showed that Bernie Sanders would end up with a 3- point advantage if he kept his lead in the race."
"Police say the footage of the suspect's attack was filmed over several days before he attacked the victims and was put to the internet."
"Now, if I do do this, I will get a bonus of \u00a3 2, 000, and I will then get my 50 per cent tax in the next two years."
"If I had known, I'd have turned on a piece of paper saying that Scotland would vote to stay in the EU."
"I would urge anyone with information about the incident to call police or visit the police station."
"However, if you follow me on Facebook, you can see a fun side to my work."
"I'm at a loss for what to say about this,\" he said, with a point to be made that, even in high school, sometimes you feel you've written something and it's so special to you."
"At a rally in Washington on Saturday, the Florida governor said President Obama has \"some influence \"in helping to shape the agenda of the meeting."
"It took them five weeks to raise the weight, and then they did it in less than six weeks."
"We could be able to, with the level of progress we've made and the progress we have made in a short period of time, recover from an injury that we have."
"He believes that the focus should be on seeking a better future, and he thinks that despite warnings about the scale of the problem, greater investment and education are the things that are going to save the NHS."
"The net worth of a family of four in Sydney has almost doubled to $ 16 million over the last year."
"But once the pain stops, the more the anxiety increases, the more you will eventually be able to be fully healthy."
"I don't have any story to tell about this accident but it was so disappointing to learn that my head was destroyed."
"\"We have called on the criminal justice system and the state to do everything to protect our citizens \"but it would be more efficient to get out the door."
"We want to ensure that the safety and security of British citizens in the countries where they have been given the chance of working in security,\" Mr Hammond said."
"Most of these victims were immigrants and these children are going to their parents, if they want to be parents."
"A court case in France was handed down the same year, however that won't be the end of it."
"We have a lot to do and a lot of other things to work on, but I'm just happy that I'm here."
"There was a pretty good feeling, but I was able to get in some good shots and make some of them."
"We've worked with and shared our interests with as many of you as we can- from local authorities to wealthy donors."
"\"There are a lot of people that have invested in what I'm doing in the past, and they are saying I can't do anything, I can't do this,\" she says."
"Mrs Williams added: \"We don't agree with it, we are working on it, but we see it as a first step on the way forward."
"We came down from Australia and Australia just picked us up and we've just come back on the field to Canberra."
"There's a very special kind of female life that he brings to the show and he makes some of the best female characters in the show."
"We're going to build the stadium and build it up to where we want to be and then let's get a new mayor and we're going to do everything we can to build it."
"The man's arrest comes at a time of tensions after Islamic State militants claimed victory in the country's four- year war."
"He said in a statement that he had only hoped to receive a substantial medical notice of the case before he is released."
"That meant that some women with mixed race families got a 21- year wait- and- see period with a waiting period of six to 12 years."
"The best we can do is allow the party and Labour to work together and to get things done and we can achieve that."
"'I tried to leave her but she had to come and get her place again but then it all ended because of my own bad choices."
"In October, the inquiry was told that at least 5, 000 African Americans, mostly women, had been placed on death row."
"The Prime Minister- who met the parents in their home before deciding to attend on the plane- has made clear he is no longer going to be a politician."
"And he said: \"The changes to the culture and the organisation are very different, but the changes to a young, professional club are very much the same."
"It's about our country and our way of life, and it is an issue that stands for well over 50 years."
"This guy was a real hit that day so I wanted to pass on it to all my friends and people there."
"And her pitch was that \"we don't know who to trust until we find out who it is."
"That's an area where I am concerned, and we've been encouraged by the leadership we've seen in the British Parliament."
"He was accused of being a member of the \"Old Guard \"and was arrested two days before his trial in December last year."
"A spokesperson said a car was being used for business, while a woman on the road was travelling with her five children."
"\"We made decisions to investigate someone with links to the Islamic State and we believe that he should not be allowed to have contact with us,\" he told Reuters."
"\"I don't think he was aware there was going to be a referendum on his Cabinet,\" Mr Cameron said."
"Our colleagues on the peace team are looking forward to seeing them in person at the airport, which is why we are making this review."
"But he used to speak to me as a young player, and I've been on call 10 times now."
"Not necessarily because the rhetoric has become too much for his supporters, but because he's been doing something that no politician in modern times has done for decades, in turn, except Reagan."
"When asked what the best way to deal with the uncertainty surrounding Brexit was, he said:'I think if the UK were to leave the EU, there would be few job opportunities within Europe."
"\"There are about a thousand of us who have got our skin in the game and this is a challenge for everyone who is working on a game,\" he said."
"The former England international is keen to have his sentence handed out before he can be formally challenged in a trial."
"\"The only reason I want to do anything is that I'm going to make a job and I have no idea what it's like,\" he said."
"At this point in the game we need to sit back and wait for a first- half point and not think about the other points."
"Clinton has made at least some comments about Sanders's performance in the months since he accepted the Democratic nomination."
"On Sunday, it said the number of serious cases was about to decline, although more information was expected at a news conference."
"By making the sale online for a fee, we are then able to dramatically increase sales opportunities without requiring a large customer or staff."
"Yet it would appear unlikely that the two- time champion does not like the concept of a single major- the only decent one."
"And if there's some other reason for Mr. Trump to jump on this, he probably has to start by following through on that."
"If the tournament at hand starts to be brutal, it will be too much to bear and the most- successful country on earth will be out- beaten."
"It is an incident of emotional trauma that I had to deal with and that has got to be dealt with on a more regular basis,\" Mr Sanders said."
"If you feel you are entitled to voice your concerns, please do so and we will address our issues in due course."
"\"But if you had brought them with you, I'd have taken them in with me,\" he said."
"But last year nearly 1, 000 more migrants are crossing the Mediterranean from Africa into Europe each year, the European Union said last week."
"President Bashar al Assad's regime has fired back in the name of rebels accused of being allies of Moscow in Syria."
"But even before the Prime Minister is on duty, an unprecedented series of events has brought down the New Zealand economy- and cut demand for public services."
"So with my tax documents, I can tell you I received no payments on my wages, for any significant period of time."
"Mr Cameron, who promised in his last campaign to take steps to protect the UK's borders, argued that Britain needed to have greater control over its borders."
"As is the case on national security, we should not expect a real solution for long, particularly if the Islamic State doesn't really exist."
"We started with a normal four- year cycle in my mum's life, so I've lived with that as well for nine years."
"He's just very talented, he plays well as a forward and he's strong in areas that he has to play in."
"Every Saturday he sat with his son and wife, the three of them as they struggled to keep up."
"We don't have the resources or the resources to be successful in a crisis if we don't have the trust we need to make a big decision."
"He won't pay anything for $ 100, 000 unless he's just lying about his hand speed."
"The Democratic candidates had the last word in Ohio and Florida-- two key states which Clinton also dominated on Tuesday."
"It's up in the air, so be ready and it will be best for us."
"The government argues the case will make people pay and keep their guns at home to keep them safe from criminals."
"Though, she said, though she worked hard and she played the role of leader, she did not do the role just for herself, she said."
"In short, she did enough for her electoral and social standing to ensure that Brexit and Trump's victory will be repeated, perhaps two, over several years."
"No one really believed in the law, because that is how they had been used in the past."
"\"This is not just the changing of the guard that's gone on,\" Fisher said Wednesday before the game."
"But there is a challenge in getting past the possible political cost of Trump's presidential win and back to more fundamental choices."
"'If you're going to do your work, or do your job, if it's your colleagues that are killing people, then you've got to do your job,' he said."
"They will meet the \"big five \"in Europe on 7- 8 September- those who said \"Brexit means Brexit \"at the European Council on 8- 8 September- with a short discussion on 9- 9 September."
"It would be an area to which he could serve his time, but the services were open to only representatives from the parties."
"Though there are reasons for that, the report finds that roughly 20% of children and young people in the UK experience delays due to family holidays, and a third suffer children's holidays as well."
"Because they could be moving or shooting or standing, they were in a position where they could be tested as well as able to get at a man with a gun,\" she said."
"And it's a place where you have the opportunity to improve and feel more comfortable about what you're doing."
"He wanted to make sure the money was used for future events and planning that would be funded by bringing in new jobs and the creation of other tourism links, he said."
"A huge sale of the shares fell on Saturday afternoon after the stock closed at $ 15. 10, up nearly 11 percent since the company's June 2015 stock price increase."
"But you wouldn't be getting that kind [of talent ], wouldn't you?"
"We all need support from others and also community groups in our communities, so we're interested in knowing if it's there."
"The investigation revealed the school lost revenue by millions of pounds and without proper transport planning it will likely have to take on hundreds of thousands of pounds more."
"I've just had a special offer from the F. D. A., and I'm going to run it for a month."
"If this bill is passed and I get a vote on it, I will do what my colleagues want me to do- do something and do it."
"\"To be honest, I'm always looking at how do we add some spending to the balance,\" he said."
"It has been known for some time that he had died of a heart attack at the time of his death."
"If the proportion of EU migrants reaching the UK is not increasing in the longer term, the country's stability will not recover much."
"At one point, when I asked the best question of the day, he told me he couldn't remember."
"We think they've played a couple of good games and they can come in and take control of the game."
"\"If I lose this medal, and you lose it, you have no sense of what your time is like for me,\" she said."
"The students and the special agent said they wanted to look into the actions of the teenagers, but the school was still in the process."
"\"We cannot be responsible for the chaos caused by a live television program that has not been picked up by the world for ten years,\" she said in a statement."
"There are a lot of great changes we need to make now to change the culture around mental health, but not a big change in the numbers of people living with this condition."
"Speaking before the start of the club's pre- season tour, Danny, who played in all 14 games against Sydney, admitted he had started to feel his body moving after the international break."
"It will mean that, by getting involved in sport, all that you want to do is to win and give a massive boost to everyone on the team."
"What does it take to help keep consumers happy in a new generation of online restaurants, and will they be able to please the same generation?"
"The new seven- day strike in August marks the first time in 12 years that Britain's youngest workers are to be offered a pay rise."
"The male soldier is dead and a 34- year- old Afghan suspect is in custody."
"So far, it's the most expensive party in NSW elections, with tickets of $ 17, 000."
"This new community in the south of France, backed by Russian air power and EU partners, could potentially help the struggling city improve its transport network and transport infrastructure."
"\"The last thing I want to do is put my family at risk because of the story I know about,\" Ms Day said."
"The average increase over the past five years is about $ 800, which was nearly 5 percent lower than in 2015, it added."
"We have been campaigning for a very close election, and we are going to win if it is confirmed that we can win the next one."
"When he finished his speech he said: \"My thoughts and my heart are with the families and the loved ones of the victims of yesterday night."
"How can anybody dispute that of my actions with regard to the killings in a very short space of time?\"the Prime Minister responded."
"While there's still plenty of room for Clinton, as a senator she had not demonstrated her strength enough."
"No matter how hard I tried I couldn't bring myself to tell them it wasn't."
"However, at least in some cases they look at trends but look at detail and then they can decide for themselves whether this will be the case or not."
"But that doesn't mean the show has to keep flying ; it's just that everything else in the project is off the scale."
"In May 2013, he was charged with the murder and conspiracy of murder for shooting the mother and daughter in the head, the jury was told."
"\"It's not a deal, but it has to be a deal for a while,\" he told reporters, referring to the Iran nuclear agreement."
"And I think we live in a time where we're so focused on domestic politics, to the degree that we don't really care about our environment and our health care system."
"We're trying to survive in a very odd place: a lot of people who say they'd be friends with me or that."
"The red card left a mark that we all have to look past now to win the game in the first game of the playoffs."
"But he added that her parents had paid for her to attend the school, but she had never had a chance to pay off her student loan."
"And yet what's happening in these places, and I think we're seeing that, is exactly the kind of focus we need to have on the kind of tactics we need to use to stop this from happening to other people."
"Since July, he has been working so hard and he just takes a bit of time off every now and then."
"\"We have good leadership teams, the best leaders in the world, but it's a team sport, you have to go to the officials,\" Walker said."
"Mr Hollande said that because of his military commitment in Libya he would provide money to the committee to help it be more effective."
"The content we sell to consumers is very much controlled by the channels that we create from the content of our business."
"About $ 40 million was committed to free speech and press, and the president himself acknowledged that he had shared \"offensive \"comments with the press in several appearances."
"So it is an important election to watch and I have already spoken to David Cameron, as well as the Scottish National Party."
"These agreements will benefit billions of workers, improve the lives of poor workers, and open up the world's economies to potential competitive entry into the single market."
"And, the year after that, we are still a long way to the term, and the United States seems to be moving in the right direction."
"That time would not be missed, as there would not be the luxury of missing a great pitch in one sitting."
"The university's post- events room and other facilities have been closed to the public as a result of the incident."
"More than 600 people have been arrested in recent weeks and dozens have been suspended or arrested, along with other people suspected of planning an attack."
"The number of deaths was expected to remain \"considerable \"over the next few days as investigators continue to take a closer look."
"We have to show that we have the field, but we have to start to be aggressive, especially in the late game."
"The council decided in March that the school should close at midnight on Monday as the family and friends gathered on Saturday."
"\"If you look at the other countries around the world, we've got nuclear weapons,\" Sanders said."
"But when I was finally in my 20s, and I fell in love with acting, the entertainment was what I was looking for."
"\"There were people who put him on that list to try to push their agenda,\" she says."
"Over all, the total compensation given out was less than $ 1 million, and some experts said the increase was related to Trump's interest in buying up companies with shares in the firm that sold them and selling them off."
"The president- elect has said he is against it, and that he will be seeking to preserve U. S.- Russia relations."
"But on the other hand, if the problem continues until the whole country, or even even a small number of citizens, is on the fence, that will damage the international situation very badly."
"It's very difficult to talk to a fan about what's happening because the fans get so attached to their club and so they don't know what's going on."
"The firm expects output to rise to around 1. 5 per cent this year, with capital spending pushing the US up to 1. 9 per cent in 2016."
"He said he did not take part in the contest and insisted he would rather die on the front lines than re- campaign."
"And what's the deal with the guy whose well he gets thrown in the lot, because he said those things before, we've seen him come back."
"I couldn't believe the manager would even call me up, and on top of that I'd never done it."
"What has traditionally been the path of least resistance has come to be seen as a direct threat, starting with the potential for a long- term survival strategy, of the open nature of international travel."
"All roads are closed and there is no way to access the site to register users to move into the new venue."
"Another is if you get your social life on the line, as it will change over time, you can now clearly see what would happen to your parents- more of a loss of independence."
"\"I am certain you will see that with our new flag,\" he wrote, referring to President- elect Trump."
"This attack is the third time in Russia's recent months of brutal crackdown on the \"opposition \"in opposition- held areas."
"The parent company said the decision is based on the company's \"determination \"that schools are \"least likely to be hit by falling standards and infrastructure costs."
"It has the potential to turn everything into art, but for the stories we're doing, it's still a work of art."
"The school even asked parents to send their kids to see the student, but she said she decided to give it another go in January."
"But, according to the report, after 17 years, Mr. Trump's average net worth is now about $ 8 million."
"He was speaking at the launch event of the state- run Chinese state- owned China News Service, the state- run Global Times."
"It was most- popular last week with 2. 54 million votes to the total amount generated- a 52 percent gain."
"As more and more people try to meet the best condition at home, they've heard a lot about treatments to help them."
"\"It's for show, it's for everyone, but I think the investors are doing a great job, they're confident,\" he said."
"In response, the United Nations Security Council on Tuesday held a two- day meeting and a three- day round table to discuss what has to be done to end the conflict, including the possibility of ending arms sales to Saudi Arabia, according to"
"\"You're going to look at the word mark now,\" he said, while waiting for the question to come up on his mind."
"But when the shots started to fall, the men took notice and asked whether anyone else could help with the rescue."
"He wanted to start training in March, and the main aim is to get him to the village and into the first team."
"The worst thing that you can do is tell your daughter that they're in, and she doesn't know what to do, and she's going to do what's in her brain."
"He thinks this has to do with the show being too popular with kids, but as his job has gone from being to sitting next to Oscar and wife on the TV screen."
"A spokesman for the city, which voted 92 percent in favor of Mr. Kasich, said city staff had contacted Mr. Trump's campaign in hopes of getting a better deal than what they'd received."
"Clinton received almost a quarter of the primary vote but lost ground to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who came third."
"What this result should be does not require the chancellor to put forward any comprehensive economic plan, but merely a set of broad economic tests."
"The two parties will then meet to decide the terms of the deal, which could be extended for two more years if that doesn't work."
"She said she had visited the U. K., and would only speak about the murder of two previous victims, including one under her own name."
"One of the people on the street asked if the woman was wearing her doctor's uniform and if she wanted to go and check in on her."
"More than a quarter of Uber drivers will get a holiday break, compared with just under a quarter of drivers in China, according to the research firm."
"The Lakers (42- 47) would only win a league- leading six games this season if they win an 80- game home winning streak."
"But that should not be a reason for students to start holding their hands up and sitting on the other side of the dance floor."
"The chance of a Labor-- Liberal Coalition election, the election of a Green- National government or the election of a Labor- National party is also incredibly small."
"You might be better off with a house or a car but you're still at risk of being attacked."
"Yet it is a fact that we exist in a world in which you simply cannot leave your children at home without their permission."
"An inquiry is in force- with arrests being made and blood tests being carried out- following the second and third mass shootings."
"The population is 11, 600 and had fallen by 200 people since the 1980s, with a suicide rate 15% higher than previous estimates."
"The demand has been fierce, so every seat will have around 40 people at the first run- down concert, according to the venue."
"A few percent of the estimated 3, 200 jobs would be lost if Brexit were to occur, the authors said."
"I don't know if you've seen them, but there's a number of men in the same situation, who are just waiting for the day they are bought and paid well."
"\"I did not see a political agenda in the government or parliament, nor did I hear anything,\" he said."
"One in eight adults in America has a pre- high blood pressure, according to the government- led research which tested this theory."
"The \"Good Friday Day \"union is urging members to get involved in their town's election battle."
"This has the potential to become the biggest movie in history in a generation because of the direction we are taking with the characters."
"Just like I used to work at McDonald's, I can go to church, and someone can come and see me, and so my friends like to come here."
"If you can't get 100 per cent within six months or you can't even do the surgery, what are you going to do?"
"\"In a sense it was a really good evening, a really good choice of words but it was still a very active night,\" he said."
"But the stuff I wrote was that I got my hearing returned to being normal again, and that I had no other options when it came to things that I didn't feel normal."
"All the programs in existence could have lived in the same cities- having developed decades ago in the absence of a single central hub of finance."
"They say a team can have a heart attack and lose their legs, or their body, will begin to recover."
"We believe that the Prime Minister has good support in Wales for this change to the Welsh party model."
"He won first place in last year's U. S. Open in Melbourne but fell to fourth in the final set."
"Speaking to the Daily Mail, he told the Guardian:'This election is like the last referendum, it's still in its early stages."
"The plan says the US Central Intelligence Agency will gather intelligence on suspects as soon as it suspects them, possibly in weeks or months."
"The UK economy grew by 0. 2 per cent in the third quarter and 0. 7 per cent in the previous three months."
"\"I think we need the people who're there on the ground to stand with us,\" he said."
"For many, he's someone who simply doesn't want to be in front of the camera, but is interested only in seeing a concept emerge in front of him."
"Whether it's just hiring a lot of people but then building a large roster- the more you hire the more opportunities you'll get,\" she said."
"His lawyers argued that he should get married, find a new girlfriend and return to the US, where he has three children."
"Sanders says some of the issues on which he has a stake have been shot down with language like that."
"On the morning of October 7, we had a final conversation in an emergency meeting of the collective health committee."
"After two short years, only about half of Germany's 14 million citizens are eligible for free school meals."
"I don't think anybody ever believed we were going to go to China and nobody wants to have the opportunity to make it into a gold rush, and they're not willing to risk it."
"He also told the jury the women had raped and sexually assaulted him in between episodes of sex during which he denied the offence."
"If they didn't come after them, then they were guilty of something that only a handful of mainstream media outlets have reported on."
"That's something I definitely think can be positive for the players because we're really working in a great way for the club."
"If I could, I would try and do a movie like this with five or six people and have them give a different perspective on it."
"It is unclear how the bank's losses were realized, but it has said that it will work to resolve any claims."
"In response, Mrs. Clinton sought to show just how much she was able to achieve in the primaries, including using a series of interviews on the campaign trail."
"The man has since been arrested and is expected to remain in custody until the outcome of the investigation is known, French media reports said."
"I have worked on a lot of those games and it seems to work out a lot better for me."
"This is the first time we're in a place that it's going to be on in Melbourne."
"A bright 1. 4 per cent in Scotland would be equivalent to 0. 1 per cent in the UK, and 0. 3 per cent in the US, the government says."
"The growth of the Chinese economy in recent years has been the highlight of the global financial crisis, caused in part by the economy's decline."
"A little over two- thirds of those who signed a letter to the editor of the Guardian on October 11, 2015, were paid by the publication."
"A few moments later she told the school she was going home to a friend for dinner that evening and urged them to continue to prepare."
"Here is one of the boys who will once again have to defend their title: The guy who won the past eight and a half weeks."
"The four- part movie is based on a fantasy novel, but there's still no official word on the title."
"Our commitment to the study was to support early intervention of all adults, including those aged 13- 16, who may have a history of substance use."
"With this game and this battle coming together, I think it will be a good night for Liverpool and I look forward to taking a number on the weekend as well."
"And while the U. S. and Russia both claim to have taken the lead against the Islamic State group in Syria, the move by Russia and Iran to turn a blind eye to civilian deaths in the fighting hasn't been announced."
"'All of the horses around the wheel ended up taking off too and he couldn't handle it."
"\"I'm writing this as a complaint about the nature of my cancer, and the delay in its diagnosis,\" he writes in the complaint."
"In both cases it's still up to another NFL coaches to decide whether or not they will add him to their roster."
"In Iowa, which has one of the most conservative states in the country, more than a third of voters said they thought Clinton would make an outstanding first choice on the first ballot."
"The U. S. Attorney's office for the Eastern District of New York said the case is no longer in its early stages."
"The last week of 2017 has been packed with national championship games and the NRL All Australian squad goes through it."
"The unemployment rate fell to a 9. 0 per cent, down from the current 9. 1 per cent and its highest level since the mid- 1990s."
"Obama said he is \"willing to listen \"to all of the various experts on international human rights and said he is doing \"everything I can \"to ensure U. S. democracy is protected."
"What I will say in the Republican debate, we know our world is very different. does it make sense to leave the European Union?"
"Since the introduction of the water regulatory measures in September 2013, residents have been forced to pay more than \u00a3 200 a month for gas and electricity."
"The first round of the 2018 Games in Beijing will be held on a Saturday in May, and officials say they hope to have the second round on a Sunday in June."
"But it is not unusual for foreign government assets to be held by US citizens and to a degree also by American companies."
"You can usually tell a social network when that person is being reported by someone that is trying to get you to review."
"In their own words: \"It was a very tough period and, I think, I would never say it was a very tough period."
"Trump took issue with the National Park Service and media at large for the notion that it was the public's decision."
"\"It might be a little'thanks for helping me ', but I'm so proud,\" she said."
"There are many \"new challenges \"in addition to women becoming prime ministers, particularly women of colour as women make up 12% of the population."
"Ms Sturgeon said: \"We should not accept that Scotland is moving closer to the No campaign, but we have to be clear that we will not make this a referendum for the reasons that have led to it."
"\"We're going to have to go back to a standstill, because everything that we did at the convention ended up in this lawsuit,\" Trump said at a news conference."
"We were told by the hospital that for this to be allowed, patients and staff would have to use social media."
"The Supreme Court ruling is likely to provide momentum for a legal challenge to the decision, with the lead case expected to be heard in July."
"The star then caught wind of the CCTV footage that the van driver had filmed her driving the night shift and was allegedly in contact with the woman, the report added."
"You know, when the label says this is one simple movie, they usually have very detailed statistics, but we've got some really interesting ones."
"But today when I turned up on the street I couldn't wait to go out to find a home."
"But my job is to just look for solutions and I don't care if we lose this game, that's not important."
"On Friday the British Medical Association banned a Cardiff branch of the company without being told its public policies involved in the sick- sleeping scandal."
"He says there is a huge amount of frustration in the Labour party and country, and their leaders seem to expect more than ever from MPs."
"I thought we're going to be in this against Wales, to do what we can to take their life into our hands."
"Even if a majority of that group opposed immigration, the law probably wouldn't help ; the majority of Republicans in the House wouldn't break with the Democrats."
"My guess is the most appropriate comment to have had for the people out there is to get back to the people who make that complaint."
"People are coming in because of the food, and that's not the way it works for a team or a single player."
"In the wake of the Brexit vote the number of global media users is growing as well- increasing from 1. 4 billion in 2014 to more than 20 billion today."
"It follows a sustained bombing of civilian neighborhoods in Syria and a bombing of schools in the city in recent weeks, both in Syria and the west."
"So it was remarkable how much more progress could be made without getting all that way, especially because the rail industry was already well on its way to one of the most successful start- ups of the last generation."
"So let me say this: I never met an economist I was not attracted to so much as dealt with the implications of the consequences."
"There's one less negative reason to stay- safety is just too much to pass up."
"The attack comes ahead of this weekend's fighting in Syria, which has brought the United States into close combat with Russia."
"Most people tell me that if there was a nuclear war, they'd fight it with chemical bombs, too."
"\"I feel like that they make a lot of bad decisions for the fans that are behind them in terms of club,\" he said."
"The British Medical Association has now admitted that two sisters had been born dead in the last few months of the year."
"Despite being a goal for his team, the 28- year- old former Newcastle United player explained:'I just wanted to go away and enjoy myself."
"The first half was much better, from the first set and later in the game the first quarter we could have got momentum back."
"That's the first ever sitting presidential election, with no four- person President, and with the balance of power becoming one man at the top."
"Some of the company's products are currently in need of a replacement, although it is not clear how many will be affected."
"\"I think that's what I've been looking at and I think that maybe it's got to be the way we go for us and the way we were going to do things last year,\" Evans said."
"All the same though, it would be sad if this got to be someone else's game because of it."
"Since 2014, the Bank of Canada has been sending signals to other central banks about the risks posed by increasing the federal cash rate from zero to a range of less than 0. 25 per cent."
"And indeed, after seven years as the world's most influential opinion poll leader, last week the Conservative party confirmed the reform was unlikely to see parliament at the next election."
"She posted photos of herself before, during, and after her illness on her Instagram page to encourage people to spread the word."
"While she said she is \"well aware \"of why the family has been targeted, they had no idea who was behind the terrorist attacks."
"About 20 percent of these migrants in Europe today and the majority of these are in the thousands, with some likely to reach the continent in years to come."
"The strike was brought about by similar strikes that had taken place in Brooklyn and Chicago as well as across the country."
"The refugee crisis has shocked Europe, which has taken in over a million refugees so far this year and has also created a huge security risk."
"\"You know, if you've got some controversy out of it, you're not going to be happy that somebody gets hurt,\" he said."
"He's done well so far this year and we just have to wait and see how he feels and how far he can push himself,\" said Bradley."
"I mean I'm really quite surprised by that and we'd only been able to finish in front of 10, 000 people on Monday night."
"The venue was set to be an all- night event, with adults and children allowed to take advantage."
"In 2015, 2. 5 per cent of patients had heard nothing and 30 per cent had some form of illness."
"No one seems to be aware that this morning the Twitter account of a prominent Iraqi political figure was suspended."
"That's why you should encourage people to invest in their health- the cost of everything is rising, for everyone, including the rich."
"It was unclear if Trump had pushed back and was just referring to social media and media his position."
"Every social network will ask if you have a signed promise to show up if you are going to speak at the party."
"Because they were talking about Russia, and they were showing that he really does have no evidence of it."
"The younger man tried to warn the elderly woman that if she hadn't stopped the two men trying to escape, they would soon be taken into custody."
"He went on to say he would love to help some in the local community but isn't sure that means working with them to bring them justice."
"A spokesman for the aid group says it's looking at ways to reduce the number of people forced into that type of detention."
"But in this instance, they're trying to grab what we're actually into and they need to put the best season of their football history to good use."
"They will be able to see all the trains running- which is ideal if you want to see trains running where the traffic is'on the move ', because they're going in that direction."
"\"It's going to be extremely hard for her, and the president has said he's prepared to go on any terms,\" she said."
"And I hope that parents in Northern Ireland and other parts of the UK will stop looking down at any Irish rock music festival."
"A picture of her riding home from a fast- food restaurant with a man wearing a shirt made of black, where she once again met Anthony's husband in a real life relationship."
"Just because the Labour Party is in coalition with the Liberal Democrats, they are part of the story."
"She was on the ground in front of a car but it was unclear whether she was in good health, or if the victim had been hit."
"And as far as things are concerned, that is what he's doing at this moment."
"Over half of all people in the city of 7. 2 million said they support supporting the Democratic candidate in the upcoming general election."
"It was brilliant looking at the way I was playing, I played well and I think he was doing a really good job."
"Her father said his daughters were children of the First World War- only the second child to have lived in Britain."
"All those things will take time, but they are all possible and possible from that foundation,\" he said."
"As a politician, his focus on this and other national security issues should not go too far, he added."
"\"If I'm told I've done something wrong, I am very upset,\" he said."
"I don't know how he felt when he was fired, but he did feel like this is the right course of action for him."
"I think what everyone can agree is I want to be strong, and I want to get in as many races as possible, be in as many races as possible, the conditions are good for me and those conditions are what I'm really looking"
"In one piece he compared the federal deficit to Berlin's in 2000, and a little over $ 3. 5 billion of it."
"Mrs May said: \"The Prime Minister is right that there will be a democratic process at Westminster, I think the establishment of that process should be open and honest."
"A closer look shows the Earth's atmosphere, air, and water are also heavy in ice and carbon."
"\"A police spokesman said investigators spoke with the brother of the mother who went to the site with the boy,\" he said."
"\"I felt a little bit of heat that it was going to happen but it is not just a one- off,\" he said."
"The way I play is that I need to control my shots and it's not easy to do that for two minutes."
"It's amazing what he can do, he's so calm and measured, and I couldn't be more excited."
"The president- elect tried to stem the flow of migrants from the rest of the EU in April, saying that the US was a \"great source of inspiration \"in the region."
"For example, if you look at the Canadian market, you see 10, 000 more shares sold in 2015 than in 2006."
"The New York Times caught wind of the event on Twitter and called the weather a weather report, but CBS New York wasn't sure of the time of day."
"The person you are most connected to is your inner life, and we want you to focus on that first 30 minutes."
"\"A reporter was going in there that night to cover the game, so we didn't look too much at it,\" Scott said."
"But what I am determined to do is be better than I am and I want to do all I can to help this team as well."
"If Sanders wins that super- state, you'd be able to block New York's move to super- state status by refusing to assist New York or preventing it from joining in."
"So I think the international community will determine how this works, and we've already seen this- that it will not be blocked."
"The Sun reported Saturday that new emails related to the investigation revealed that Clinton's private server was turned over to a private server."
"For almost the rest of the match, we've been the team that has been winning in the last couple of weeks, and that gives us confidence."
"The Duke and Duchess were in the Russian capital for an event to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II."
"A teenage girl, 14, who was found lying on the road next to the car said her body was in fact a phone."
"If all these cases are turned over to the British Medical Association, the hospital is likely to face a fine of up to \u00a3 10, 000."
"I've read more than 20 years of accounts of me walking away from that diagnosis with an extended, difficult existence."
"We have to play as a team and to stay together, it's about developing the team and maintaining the core and core values."
"Those living on the streets are likely to be affected, especially those living with children, because, among other factors, they may be less likely to receive services, say the researchers."
"I don't know how long it's going to take to recover or move from here, but this feels like something you wouldn't believe in."
"The state's House of Commons has been split over whether to trigger a public vote on the bill, which was endorsed by the federal government and was promised by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull."
"But with the amount of work I've done over the last three years, this will definitely be my priority, which is obviously how I am raising my game."
"She got fired back from the sport, and then for the team who hired me as the coach they charged me a lot of money."
"I wanted to get out of here and finish the show in New York, so if that's what you can do for $ 4 million I have you covered."
"Asked whether he has the upper hand with Republicans on climate change, Mr Trump said: \"Of course, I'm very positive."
"It came as the UK Government unveiled an investment package for post- Brexit Britain, aimed at removing any barriers to Britain's participation in the EU's single market."
"\"These countries will have to be aware of those which have been banned by the UN and what is right for them,\" he told ABC radio."
"Her post attracted more than 150 likes and 2, 000 shares on Thursday before she was removed from the site."
"Though the first lady acknowledged that she has a lot of history with the Syrian Civil War and may not have needed to say it."
"\"We were able to put forward a new agreement that made it easier to negotiate our differences,\" she told reporters."
"And we'll look at the broader impact of that on the environment,\" Kerry said at the Treasury Institute in Washington."
"\"It's a shame because, when I got a call back, I looked to see if he'd still be out there,\" Lee told me."
"So we're going to do an assessment of it from a group of people, and they will then come to the governor's office and address it to him."
"So I was part of a college that became a private research university that offered a degree in medicine in 1970."
"The consultation process is due to start in spring 2017 and will be published in April 2018."
"The letter said Corbyn was \"properly living up to \"the promise of a vote to leave the European Union, even though he is sure his critics will simply ignore his promises."
"People would be able to travel back across the river to the right to get to the coast, or from the island to the left to save another day."
"I want to do it as a huge career change that will bring huge pride to the world and people in South Africa."
"'In the new uniform I've given them a new feel, they're learning to go back to what they used to be."
"We have agreed to do that for the same reasons which in turn are likely to get us through to the general election."
"\"Our officers are not searching for violence ; they're searching for justice, and their job is to make sure that happens,\" he said."
"But if he had actually tried, the suggestion that he might not be able to fight the doping game would have been less relevant."
"Since the 1990s, the number of cases has increased by almost 90 percent, at a rate of 45 cases each year."
"The Obama administration has declined to commit to sending equipment or technical support to Saudi Arabia, the country's biggest ally in the war against the Islamic State militant group."
"Some of it was the right thing to do, but to be honest, I really don't know."
"He did not have the heart to read it and he would not want to make the financial investment for the club."
"Now, as far as we know, in Britain the NHS is not a basic right but a lot of people in the UK don't understand the principles."
"\"I've spent a lot of money I can't afford on just not to let anyone else do it,\" he said."
"She also said she had been waiting to see if the children and those in the care would return to their families at the same time."
"The best memory I've had of her was when she, in the final, stuck her head in the ice."
"It also opened up control of what employees can do with their credit card, and allowed them to elect an employer as their employee."
"I wasn't expecting this high- ranking performance, let alone one to go against a Chelsea team who had really no fear in their group defense."
"The goal for this spring is to have one player up and one committed to the program for the first half of the regular season."
"You're going to go to a good win somewhere, so go after it first- I believe you're going to get there."
"In that case, it's not unusual to make a swing at something in life that makes you sad, something that makes you angry."
"But there's more to be done in that regard than meets the eye, and the look and feel of a room with an audience is about as good a job as any of these."
"A friend suggested there was a situation where they could each hold their wedding and learn from it."
"The former senator also took aim at Trump and Sanders, who both endorsed Trump's campaign on Wednesday."
"We were told it's not enough for any type of cancer to be diagnosed and diagnosed and die before it's spread to others."
"I am delighted and grateful to have played many more years, but the pressure at the end of the season was something else."
"The drone surveillance system will be installed within a facility around Sydney, the former Canberra football stadium's city council has confirmed."
"The women, aged 35 to 39, had surgery at the University Hospital, Birmingham on Thursday afternoon."
"I met her once and I came to my mum, who was killed, and she said she'd been stabbed in the back by a migrant."
"The \"mood's \"and the \"strategic value \"of the property are in question- the amount built over the years is, in theory, a fair assessment of the original market value of the property."
"This is part of a nationwide plan that includes 18 states, plus the District of Columbia, that have already implemented online voting."
"There are many ways to get out of the city, but it's not always easy."
"A school- based model of global warming has led to warnings of a collapse of the NHS, nuclear energy and business confidence in the industry."
"You know what, I have been campaigning for a living for this country for nine years now, this time I've got an election."
"U. S. gun sales rose to the highest level in nearly three decades last month, and all but two of the 30 largest private gun manufacturers are making their sales figures public."
"They're just finishing off with this preliminary play- off for the Canadian finals and they're still making it at an amazing level."
"The countries, which included Austria, Denmark and Germany, are locked in a vote in 2017 for the European Union's regulations that will shape Europe for decades."
"\"One of the big events in my life is the second world war,\" she says, in her head."
"If an announcement is made, there are a number of steps we have taken to assist every national agency, particularly local ones and farmers."
"You may not agree with him, but don't forget that as long as you keep things in line with your values and that he doesn't want to hurt you, you don't have to pay much attention to it."
"\"We've been sending money and our office staff are not welcome here,\" one resident told AFP."
"And what I find even more surprising is that even among those who still believe that he is the \"real \"candidate, Clinton is still at 50 percent."
"In other words, they are going through the same process they did when they found themselves on a diet."
"There's a couple of good matches coming up but I'm enjoying it right now because we've got an exciting 10- minute session."
"The officials said their preliminary findings showed more than half of all students had taken less than 15 percent, or less than one hour."
"It means that with this book you won't need to follow his brain operations every day to learn everything he has to know."
"The baby was taken from him after he fell through the floor and was saved only by his mother."
"This is our message to our industry- we need your money, you have all these rights, we need to do better."
"\"These laws don't apply to her, nor do they apply to me,\" she said, describing her reaction to the arrest."
"The European Commission's annual statistics report also showed EU public sector employment grew by 0. 3 percent in the third quarter of 2016, compared with the year before."
"In October, a court ruled that gun retailers can't ban owners from keeping guns with them when they sell to family members."
"We just need to be up there with them, we can't go home in the same shape, we cannot wait for England to come through on Friday night."
"They often start off with a promise of food, supplies, a room to work, or possibly some work- related activities, and then turn around and move on."
"It's too soon to say, though, whether the $ 100- million clean- up will have a huge impact on the state's population."
"During one, he told a man he couldn't pass up a sight to see in New York and tried to become a jet pilot."
"I was determined to build the relationship and was always right up to the end as I did most everything together."
"And so today, I'm asking you to join me on the campaign trail in Wisconsin, as you've done before, and at the Democratic National Convention here in Philadelphia on Tuesday."
"She told ABC that she's heard reports from some of her friends but nothing has changed about what happened the night before."
"Some employees left, others settled their retirement account and left to find jobs at U. S. companies, the analysts said."
"For the purpose of the newly expanded voter registration, we've updated these requirements in the program so that the new version can roll out to everybody who's registered by Election Day."
"That's what we've been trying for this week and that's what I've come to expect from her."
"I know it's an open question, but I have a deep respect for the people who were there, what they had to say and the commitment they made to our cause."
"Despite being one of the major economies, it has had problems with drugs used by drug users and health professionals in recent years."
"You can't stop the writer from making decisions and it's great that he wants to see that as well."
"One suggests that companies should be more concerned about raising tax rates at the moment than they were when they first launched the online economy in 2007."
"That didn't happen in any of the presidential campaigns of either Bush or Obama in the last three and a half decades."
"'As soon as I wake up, I get so crazy thinking about all these things I did with this dog."
"I think that's the most important thing that we can achieve as a country because the economy is so strong in Scotland."
"There's no way that they'd have a change of heart about it anyway- the problem is so big that little girls need change too."
"He said Russia's air force was too far away, while Assad was holding many rebel- held areas, which are heavily under rebel control."
"But when the TV production crew saw footage of her as the colour green, they didn't believe it was possible."
"Obama is currently hosting a press conference in Washington DC, where he's due to meet with reporters and answer questions."
"It is no one thing for a coach to ask players to do to be better when their opponent is better- he was asking players to do the wrong thing and that's why they won that game."
"It's quite a sad day when someone you love takes over a party for no obvious reason."
"But it is as yet unclear how the two firms will benefit from British law allowing them to take more control over who shares our tax affairs."
"There are more European countries that have created the European Union, including the Netherlands, the UK, France, and the EU and I am an ally of them."
"The report concluded that white women made up between 11 and 34 percent of the jury in every state, and an additional 9 percent in Michigan and Pennsylvania."
"I'm happy for these young players to go from playing with Celtic to being around for 20 games a year and there's always something to learn."
"\"If we can't get this thing in Congress, we're going to go on with that,\" he said."
"The big thing for us was what I called a trade that gave me something to hold on to and move around."
"A vote to leave would still trigger the biggest banks, financial services and transportation companies in the UK, and four housing companies."
"As for the single parent side of the story, these sorts of developments are nothing to do with our modern economy."
"This trend is much more common in the tech world than in the sporting world, but it's still rare."
"The Post said Sanders, 66, was now ahead in delegates in more than half of all primaries on March 15- the end of the one- day stretch."
"It's our job to try to bring this band together and try to be as straight as we can be as this next film."
"He added: \"I think the idea of athletes coming to Mars for a holiday or somewhere new would be great and I'm sure we'd love to be in the red."
"On Monday, one of the sisters said she wanted to create a different book for the children because of the pressure it would put on them."
"He has been great and to be playing at the highest level and to be a manager at a club with that type of quality is something I will definitely look to do again."
"The commission's decision, revealed last week, will be widely seen as a turning point in an increasingly competitive global market."
"A review by the American Society of Sport says that rugby teams are no longer being put under the same pressure."
"It is thought to have come from a court case brought by parents and was held on Thursday before a Royal Court judge."
"It would have made me think about my future and the lessons I have learned, about my growth and my work as a journalist."
"The power company bought the county- owned lot in 2007 but said it would not have gone ahead with the acquisition until it could find a property in good condition."
"The person coming from every side of this issue is making them worry about being forgotten as a group of people."
"A spokesman for the bank said it had raised $ 20 million in July, with another $ 1 million from financial services giant Morgan Stanley."
"The bank said in a statement on Friday that its latest staff changes were effective immediately and the business will continue to operate through all its operations."
"The cases of two doctors who later died in hospital, which police said raised the need for extra measures to be taken to prevent such a tragedy."
"It is the only solution that will provide stable markets for American exports and create new employment and employment opportunities for American companies,\" it said."
"It is also with my God that I don't need to worry about my life in the next year."
"If the company was not only full of revenue- but of services and local goods- the challenges are even greater."
"\"I'm determined to help those affected by this tragedy, and this action will help our communities with better services,\" she said."
"Of those, 70 per cent said they were never in or out of the job, while 17 per cent were employed regularly and three per cent were employed on demand."
"The reason behind all of this is we want to go and get from the bottom of this country and from that next piece of our agenda of this country."
"\"We won't be able to agree on anything unless we have some kind of compromise,\" he said."
"\"I wasn't happy with the way I was playing or the way we played, but I'm just pleased with the team here,\" he said."
"At the same time, as a young lady he has every interest and respect for all women, and he knows that it is women, men, and minorities who are killed by the police every day."
"I mean it's cool to have somebody we've known for a long time and they've got a good chance of getting some gold medals or they've got a decent chance of getting some medals."
"Here's a look at the other markets covered by the Cruz campaign, from Trump's perspective, to look where markets have left off."
"No one in the world has ever done this before, the National Museum of Australia confirmed to the Wall Street Journal this week."
"In a culture where in turn we allow ourselves to be sold as horses that aren't actually horses."
"Today's sale highlights how effectively the studio has made it possible for the foundation to open its doors to new students from around the country."
"The list of people who died was drawn up by police departments in England, Wales and Northern Ireland in the past year and included mainly civilians."
"\"There are so many things that are wrong with the way he's playing now, the way he's playing now,\" the German admitted."
"The letter quoted then- Prime Minister David Cameron, saying the Prime Minister would not go, because it was the right thing to do for the United Kingdom."
"Over the course of 18 months of his career, the United States has lost one or more games in three consecutive visits to the new league."
"He later said he made the comment to an older woman he shared his class with, though there is no evidence to support that statement, Reuters reported."
"The news, however, could have been received far more quickly had it been on the same day as the Muslim Women's World Day."
"It was harder than any other strategy he was taking and the feeling it gave me is that he had nothing to lose."
"We're pleased that we saw our first walk and have gained confidence over the last few days of the campaign."
"\"The job the game brings is wonderful but for any team, the game is limited so it's going to be a very difficult one,\" Jones said."
"Then, the next year, we opened in New York at 7 a. m., 2. 7 hours ahead of schedule, although sometimes this took longer than that."
"If I was still there I'd have jumped in and walked straight back- but that's what they're doing."
"This time he was not pleased, with a request for a cease- fire at the U. S.- Russian border."
"\"This is a significant military operation with a huge impact on all sides of the conflict, which is why this military operation is necessary,\" he said."
"We now know that even though we got nearly 80 per cent of the vote, he actually won 53 per cent of the popular vote."
"\"She did quite well at it, but because the lane was such a bit of a, it was the cut that got her back,\" he said."
"'It's really good, and the site makes getting to know each other so much easier when you are in contact with each other."
"\"There is a strong possibility that she has one more arrest or a death sentence, so my focus is on this,\" the governor said in a news conference after the crash."
"On the road though, there are problems with the fence and from the road, I've had problems with the fence in the past."
"I have been living with her since she came here to Scotland and we will continue to support her to stay here."
"'I haven't spoken to my dad since I was 12, but it's been five years since we spoke."
"I have to say the staff aren't the reason why it's so hard to make a difference here."
"He was an off- the- field character who was making himself known in the making of the film."
"Speaking at the news conference, Mr Thomas said: \"We have looked at the details and thought what would happen, at the bottom line, the benefit to Scottish rugby at the end of the year."
"A New Jersey man who crashed his car into the side of a highway after his father stopped it and asked how long it was going to take."
"That's how we find things when we have a bit of anxiety and when we can show the kind of quality we have around ourselves."
"The two days of competition were also the first time Scotland hosted a European competition since 2005, which gave them a massive advantage over countries such as Ireland, who had the greatest ranking."
"It's the same idea if you're a graduate, you'll do the same thing but in your own situation, you've got to work something out."
"'The big thing I would like to avoid, I would like to keep is covered in food so if you have to go off and get it right away or something."
"\"So, here's a question about: Why isn't he involved in any of it?\"the source continued."
"How long it would take for it to change and just move on is unknown,\" the statement read."
"Our group is focused on improving engagement with current, diverse issues in our community, and the impact of conversations and engagement will help to shape changes in behaviour and the way we look at each other and in society."
"U. S. officials said the pair held discussions with Syrian President Bashar Assad and others on how to stop attacks against Aleppo."
"I did get to see the boat from the air, as I always do and I was scared to go out because it had a big fire behind it."
"While older, Trump won among GOP women by 40 points, and several top anti- Trump candidates pointed that out."
"Just like the mothers of the Cubs, their daughters are constantly on the lead- but they can't afford to do it."
"The ads also point to the state's higher rate of drug testing for drivers with a driving record, as well as the fact that many states also require a license plate to be obtained."
"I don't want to go there and then lose a battle and then lose everything I've done since."
"You take all the credit for everything you did but it's not a great game if you just play better."
"The plan is to hear and decide all of the two on how to run it through Parliament on Oct."
"If I am going to spend a day with my children, I'm not going to visit around the clock, either, and I'll spend my time catching up."
"\"I think the whole thing will have had an impact on this debate and that's why it's important,\" said Mr Cameron."
"In many areas of the country the man could face criminal charges as a result of his actions, including assault, breach of trust and battery."
"He said her entire son's life had been destroyed with the latest crime, with him still living with his mother and sister."
"A spokesman for Mr Thomas said in a statement that the panel had no previous appointment with the Crown Office and had an appointment history at the highest level."
"When he came in a couple of weeks ago, the line was 40 players, and after 13 games, it is 40 men."
"He was the one who taught me about the importance of listening to what's going on in your family."
"Donald Trump's speech was hosted by Barack Obama, who made it a point to play host to a historic round of golf, instead of on the golf course."
"It's good to know the results, and getting them after that is certainly a challenge."
"To put the power of our print outlets through, the initial investor had to know the stock market had already risen over the previous 12 months."
"The gun makes it nearly impossible for the Canadian government to make it available on its websites to children- despite a string of previous attempts."
"But then, you know, some more people would like to come and do it with us, so we're really looking forward to that."
"If anyone can point out how Australia could have performed better and should be able to do better, please let me know."
"I asked for him to be a part of that work, so that he could share his experiences."
"It's good to come home at night and you have time to think about the game so you don't feel nervous."
"The idea is that we might both want to cook dinner together in the evening and then finish it off, in the evening."
"\"My old car, which has been around a long time, I still have,\" he says."
"At what point do you even have a conversation about this? He's made very clear that I am his immediate family."
"Although we are worried, we really feel very excited about what the future holds and whether it will be as good as the one we have."
"The firm said if such homes and properties are not put into good standing, the project would \"and ultimately \"be a fraud."
"I think in the rest of the world, the Middle East, the other side, they have a different approach."
"He's a strong, aggressive guy, but he's just the same in all aspects of the game as he is."
"It didn't work out that way because we just had to assume they would pull up in the early morning or mid afternoon and come."
"Instead of doing well at college we go south and stay at home and then quit or get involved in a bad situation."
"Now we know who did this to someone and we're looking at what they are likely to do next."
"His attorney, David Hamilton, told Fox that his client is looking at a criminal investigation to determine what exactly happened on the flight."
"\"I would say you have to always take the picture, not just make sure you are doing it right,\" she said."
"Then, after he gets married, he would take off in a group and talk to everyone there or near him."
"Last year, it was decided he had found it, and, again, that was as it seemed at that time."
"This is a big enough audience that they're paying to do it... maybe a couple of hundred people-- maybe a lot of people would buy it."
"What is clear is that as he was explaining the point in this case I am thinking for myself, I feel he is using violence in an attempt to create some distance between the victim and the person in the immediate aftermath of the attack."
"The child, whose name was not released, had been with a friend at a friend's house on Tuesday morning."
"We need to protect customers, we need to protect the public and the security of the NHS, we need to take extra measures to take care of the NHS."
"And when he couldn't answer his own questions, he offered to help with town hall meetings."
"It was a lot harder to play at home, but he's made the jump to the League One club."
"The San Francisco- born singer told the magazine she wants to be a leader for her music- even if it's a solo album."
"The train driver said the driver had been injured, but that the incident had been preventable and that it was now within the station's security staff's powers."
"If you live in London, New York, or anywhere else near London, you probably won't get to tell his mother."
"You see that on the political journey to some point where you are going to be forced out of your home by the influence of somebody who is a big fish, and it's the power of reason, and you don't know."
"But Trump Jr. went further and said that their request was for Trump Jr., not for a lawyer."
"He did, however, offer another tax- free win- win in his endorsement of Donald Trump's presidential bid."
"It's a wild young American film set in an asylum community where refugees from around the world find their way into one another."
"I'd love to see them win a World Cup, but it's a good way to start a career."
"Of the 16 people killed in the attack, four have serious injuries and two are in a critical but stable condition, police said."
"And while there's nothing to be gained from one year alone, with the ability to move up and down at different times, can it really be considered one?"
"The gap between Trump and Clinton on these questions also took a hit Tuesday, when he held a conference call with aides and reporters in which he said he would have no problems with Clinton's use of a private email server to conduct government business."
"\"I cannot speak for the five guys behind me but I can tell you they are looking at me like the cold, hard truth,\" she said."
"I'm a father, and I make a living by being a father of two daughters, and I'm told by men that they are our leaders."
"But the principal players at the heart of her reputation could not hold back from saying exactly how they would support her."
"\"The question that is put to us and put to the next members of parliament is how we plan to implement this government,\" he said."
"The two teams were sitting in first position, with the Tigers up two to two points with nine games left to play."
"\"I think that they will see my drive to bring for the north, with the opportunities to host the Olympics and build new business interests,\" he said."
"We hope to have further details of this so we can take steps to prevent the state from running into these issues again."
"To make sure they stick to the big 12, Texas will start the week with a defensive effort on offense."
"The deal between the two sides is expected to draw some 11 million euros ($ 11. 8 million), depending on the scale of the fight."
"And if the SNP's policies are successful in Westminster this summer, I'd like to see it succeed with a major new party at Westminster."
"The Canadian prime minister pledged to work with EU leaders next year to form a \"close union \"of the 28 member states."
"I hope we win every time we win, so I will be a happy, happy guy, whether we win in the States or the UK, to win in this race, I will know."
"\"I don't think [ the program ] is going to last long, if at all,\" he said."
"They spend all that money with you, so they can get credit cards with you and even buy stuff at stores."
"If they feel that the link between alcohol and depression can help them manage the problem, they may be better off with a good sleep."
"She was on paid leave for nearly six months before finally giving up and walking away with her first double world title."
"In France, where Merkel has held the most conservative election ever, a national poll shows that 44% of voters support her."
"I think he'll be in the mix in the following weeks or a few days, but I've just got to keep up the pace."
"The terrorists also killed four police officers and injured three others before going on to attack a truck attacked and shot in a nearby neighborhood."
"It's a chance for people to see if they've got it under control and we'll be happy to move it forward."
"\"In life, they don't always tell you exactly what happened, but we had just won a gold medal at the Beijing Olympics and it was just like it ever was,\" he said."
"It's certainly the case that everything from Monday's presidential debate to Tuesday's job ads could increase the chances of more of the same."
"It would be very difficult for us to take a card off this morning but it's a positive sign."
"She feels the city is far more important to her than ever before, thanks to her experiences with her father."
"They also prefer voters in rural areas to voters in urban areas, he argues, making it easier for them to draw their votes from the general electorate."
"The benefit of getting to that point is it's a sort of fantasy: We are around for seven days, and that's how it feels."
"'For us, we have to be really careful what we say, we have to tell the truth,' he said."
"And so, at my age, I feel like I have to go home and do something more, even if it's in a more non- violent way than I do now."
"It said it could do so only if there was a likely international opposition from China, where border control is a serious issue."
"Trump cited the fact that the annual temperature increased 2. 3 degrees over the past 24 hours."
"The federal commission which will make its findings public can be expected to change as soon as next year because of the budget delay."
"The poll also shows that 44 percent of Americans trust the government's ability to help them if they choose to stay in the United States."
"But he remained in the race for other business roles, including chief executive of the estate company managed by his brother, Mr Trump."
"But it is clear that most business owners can't afford to put that money aside for years, especially in the Middle East."
"We've both lived here in the last few years, and I think his mum said he was born on his dad's farm."
"\"In other words, the GOP establishment doesn't even care about what Donald Trump's policies are,\" he added."
"Having had a chance to work with him earlier this week, this is a big boost for him."
"Most couples are happy with their home- though we find it difficult to tell if the home will ever change for the better."
"We've been sitting there for years and years, and the best we can do is focus on the community and we're more than happy to help."
"In the wake of that, experts say increasing public awareness will drive cost down and help with business decision- making."
"We don't want to just waste money and not be able to have confidence in what we are doing."
"It will put us on track to reach my goal at the World Cup and now I've just got to make sure I finish that off with the right start."
"It was a tough finish and a lot of hard work for both of us but it was a great finish to play in and we won the championship."
"In the short run, there's no way I'd watch these episodes because of the television."
"And it's clear to anyone who's worked with me and who's experienced what it's like to be on that side."
"In an interview with the Telegraph last night, Ms May said she hoped Theresa May will actually be able to hold a referendum on the Government's departure from the European Union."
"The company confirmed that its core services such as TV and music had declined, although services such as streaming TV had been growing."
"For him to be able to find one goal here, you've got to understand he's not looking very far ahead."
"\"This work is a joint venture, not only between the Washington State police, but also with other countries,\" the government said."
"'I just want to let people know that there are women out there who love my music and that's why I started listening to it."
"People should be shocked and act now to make sure that the government isn't making a big mistake."
"This is where we stand with the right man and right way and right times and we are going to make sure that every employee is doing the right job."
"The Sanders campaign declined to confirm or deny if the action of a woman whose mental health was being examined had been done on her behalf."
"But I see this as an important opportunity for us to learn and make progress in the overall economy, and we will in the coming months."
"They can see it as positive, because we've learned more about ourselves and the opportunities that we have and how we can take advantage of them."
"For many years, it was, though once it became clear what might or should have happened, it was a fatal mistake for the business- a fatal one that led to two of Britain's former chancellor George Osborne's three sons leaving the business"
"While some, such as them, expect Clinton to win the nomination, most are not ready to take that position."
"It was the largest price increase in more than two decades, with some analysts pointing to the big drop in its $ 130 million in cash and notes sales that came from holding on to the company's most popular credit cards and auto loans."
"\"Now that my journey has finally arrived I am able to focus on what's in front of me,\" he said."
"You will need to use the tournament prize money to cover your living expenses- a'hotel rental and accommodation fees'or pay your rent."
"The council said the business would be \"pulled apart \"after owners entered into a police raid last night."
"I will leave the club and go into the preparation for the World Cup in Japan next year with all my best for the club."
"Last week, she left Mexico in the event of a conviction for child sex trafficking and headed to the U. S. in search of a job."
"The retail executive has one of the most positive ratings for a person he's known, despite the fact he's still not much liked."
"However it would be unlikely the name would be the same as that used by the ACT government to describe many of its laws."
"He is also concerned about the age of many of his staff- which has now been reduced to just 21."
"I am afraid you have to read a dozen books, and I don't mind, because this is my family."
"Mr Cook said he had no concerns about refugees being removed to safer parts of Europe but said it was clear it was better to deal with those who did not fit the system."
"The students held out for a little more than five minutes as they waited for their transport, in an attempt to prevent a rapid re- re- recall."
"We now work with all seven teams to work out a return date for the pre- season and a new stadium for the autumn transfer window."
"He will have a chance to win the race next week in New Hampshire with five more victories before then, and he might never quite put it through the horse."
"Of the remaining 11, five people have been killed by the bombings, while three others have sustained no injuries."
"He said he wanted to help the families of the dead or to make them fit in, and so he started running."
"\"Our base is the greatest culture in the world, and I'm looking forward to working with them to create an economy that works for everyone,\" he said."
"Donald Trump has said the US should consider building a wall on the U. S.- Mexico border if he wins the US election."
"By that, he means that that which is within our territory of parliamentary democracy, which is not free."
"There will be no mass leave because we're facing a situation where immigration is already our problem, and our future in Europe as a whole is."
"Russia is behind a nuclear test by a US- backed Syrian opposition fighter in September that left over 150 people dead."
"She explained that her time in jail was 10 years and that she wanted to escape the spell and help her family."
"This plan has been in the works for some time and even if it were complete it would be impossible to avoid the social safety net, would require businesses to act in a private, profit- making way, and would, among other things,"
"The spokeswoman said the company didn't \"want to talk about personal issues, which will mean much less attention for employees."
"About 11 million refugees or \"refugees \"have arrived in Europe over the past year, many fleeing war and poverty in their home countries."
"We are confident that the industry will be motivated to protect the interests and skills of the high- performance workforce that we all expect to be welcomed into our highly effective digital services businesses."
"We are yet to see a single CCTV image from the plane, so there is really no way of knowing which plane was involved."
"Mr Clarke's defence team have defended him saying they did not think he acted as an agent or student of the system."
"The Syrian war has killed more than 100, 000 and displaced 4. 8 million people since 2011."
"She explained how she went to her father's home in Florida to take care of her mother before rushing to the hospital in New York."
"I didn't enjoy it at all and I really don't know if I want to be an American soldier, but I definitely wouldn't do it if it wasn't for Hillary."
"\"All the city is doing is bringing a wall, a wall that stops people from entering and doesn't protect the sea,\" he told me."
"And that's what, you know, what my concept is, you know, we're going to create."
"\"We have a much larger political consensus than many people think and some people wonder why it's not getting better,\" he said."
"I asked them what they do in the evening and they told me they don't have a family in India."
"He also argued that he should have been given a \"red card \"or faced extra scrutiny for misconduct."
"I wouldn't think that an athlete can achieve those kind of results- those kind of great goals- in a season like this, and it's not going to happen on a regular basis."
"A Republican who was elected as a senator in 2014 did not \"work hard enough \"to defeat Hillary Clinton for president, the Post reported."
"'I don't feel like I'm a bad person or guilty person, I just don't feel like I could really carry on if I was,' she says."
"On the other hand, I am not looking to use in- game funds- it will be up to the regulators."
"\"Now the university has released what the university has said it is working to recover from and I think that's to be expected,\" she said."
"The findings are likely to further impact Labour's electoral prospects in the winter months, which could deliver a difference of about six percentage points."
"Then, she was moved on and informed in May 2015 that she would soon be playing at a stage other than the six who've missed it."
"It's going to take a different sort of person to get the job done and he's going to be on the campaign trail."
"I'm in love with my dress, I love the idea of it and I really believe in it and I really want to change it but I know there are a few things people don't know."
"It would allow me to work without fear or anxiety and that is very exciting for me."
"Over the first five years, the average family earning just over \u00a3 60, 000 would have a tax bill of more than \u00a3 6, 000."
"If we can finish it off and play at home in the league we can have a good chance of finishing the season pretty well and making the top four."
"What else could a Syrian leader and his partner, also carrying only a short- range satellite phone, bring about in Libya?"
"Now, some people are scared to come up with an idea, because it's only a good idea."
"He can go up the mountain, he can go up the mountain and then he can go down it and that is only natural, you know, if you were just learning to climb it a lot."
"That was harder for me, because I felt I was there for someone, not just the community, and it was not because I was trying to be an ally."
"\"It is my daily task to respond to the needs of the families affected by this tragedy,\" he said."
"Before the battle between President Barack Obama and Syrian President Bashar al- Assad of Syria began, Mr. Kerry stressed that \"Syrian troops are fighting an active campaign against IS militants \"in Iraq and Syria."
"The amount of time these households spend working is similar, though nearly 4% of households in the U. S. have fewer than 50% hours of community time."
"The Sun reports Trump's fund manager, who did not want to be named, said Trump is looking to return home next week, then take advantage of the bonus."
"\"I've got a very sharp knife to fight back, and I'm going to be talking to you guys about all of this,\" she told the crowd."
"\"That's a good thing, because sometimes you have to tell the truth with your car,\" the driver added."
"Mr Hamilton had been driving through the streets in the days leading up to Sunday's death, although the road was blocked as police work to clear it."
"To be sure, the speed of her mind as a result of these experiences could have been that of a child as well as a man."
"She says she was living with a man who might have turned on her, and asked her to go along with him."
"He decided to get rid of it, as he's so busy here in the office that he can't leave them alone,\" he said."
"He had a lot of bad experiences from playing at England and if I can understand it that's the reason why he did the right thing."
"It said that only 13. 6 percent of the high value homes made the step up from $ 20, 000 to $ 50, 000, and 11. 1 percent made the lower $ 30, 000."
"As she prepared to return to the family home, she said: \"I just came back from a country trip where I was brought up on what you were allowed to do and not allowed to do."
"\"If you're going to be a star, we want you to get to know us and see the other side of the ticket,\" he said."
"And because the new site will open its doors to public access, women are not entitled to travel to the expense of having their legs removed, because at the time of their birth, legs don't feel the same."
"Police said their investigations were focusing on the suspect who was not known to them as a suspect in the murder of 42 people."
"And we have a complicated relationship with the public- we know who to trust, where to trust, and how we deal with them."
"However, if that time is and continues to exist and continues to come and be a winner, I am going to keep asking myself and that is really not going to change."
"Before the race, it would be possible to identify each state's voter registration offices, but the open- door race was going to take a significant amount longer."
"We've known each other for years- no more then for a decade- but now we have that second chance."
"The women's pride causes pride among the men, which makes it very hard to be proud of it and again I would say men are just as guilty."
"He and Clinton, at a debate on Monday, said the news was the GOP's first mistake in spending money on ads in recent days in the race."
"The girl's death has led to renewed concern in Australia, and speculation about the events that led to her death."
"They will often agree that the message is the same, but there are differences of opinion about when that message should be dropped, and should not be a message at all."
"Our brothers- among them these Polish doctors and workers- must bring their country back in the modern sense of the word, and support our strong European Union."
"He met me a couple weeks ago and he loved me so much- even at a young age, he really liked being home with me."
"There is the potential for a major decline in sales, and some economists believe growth could be negative for the United States economy."
"My husband was worried about me because he didn't want to spend money on health insurance for the doctors."
"The business would create 700 jobs, it said, adding that it was in \"tance \"with the company's target of hiring more than 15 million a year in the next 10 years."
"When you score an eight, it's not like every football match that's going to happen."
"The 26- year- old Sydney woman turned HIV positive when she was aged 26 and has the infection until she is 54."
"They find the substance could be developed in- person or under the skin as a treatment to reduce stress, obesity and related conditions."
"\"We're not concerned about this because we just have an innocent customer coming forward and we just don't know what's going on,\" she said."
"Donald Trump is going to win the popular vote and be president of the United States,\" Christie said in a video released by his campaign."
"I have to take the offense and work hard for him because I knew I had to make a big play there and we'll see what happens."
"\"But it doesn't have to be what you want from your father,\" he said when contacted by The Hollywood Reporter."
"Donald Trump is setting up a massive debate tour in Iowa on Wednesday and Thursday to give him a chance to win over the Republican establishment and prepare for the election in November."
"I'm not sure what these decisions are all about ; whether they affect people's lives or not."
"Some 47 percent of adults said that the future was \"very \"or \"scary \"when they heard the new Donald Trump comment."
"\"This war is neither safe nor in the best interests of Iraq and is not worth the risk,\" he said in a statement."
"\"There are plenty of great players in Europe but not so much here,\" he said in a talk with the BBC."
"To take advantage of this, we decided to design and implement a means of communication in which we could, on our own, build houses and send emails."
"\"For years, the only place she knew of Kim was in New York, and people there would tell her stories of the great art form, and then she would stay at her hotel,\" Scott said."
"So, according to more recent research, a poor lifestyle is a long- term condition that can't be overcome if things don't change."
"But to be honest, the drop out rate from all of the high school jobs, mostly digital, doesn't look like it will go away."
"At the moment, I'm at a place where I feel safe but there is a huge problem on my mind."
"There's no longer the thought of friends being asked to leave our house if they have to wait all night to show up."
"The only thing I can do, I'm not allowed to say, is I will deny it, but maybe that's what it is."
"There was no guarantee that a taxi would be a ticket- and even if it had a driver on board, it was not secure and protected against abuse."
"The addition of the flat- screen TV in a Home is a marketing hit because it's so easy to use."
"However, a Facebook poll last week suggested that 42% of Americans are now less concerned about terrorism than they were when Barack Obama was elected president."
"There were strong signs that in the future perhaps most votes in EU elections could be expected to come from the conservative party."
"There have been quite a few of them over the years, but we now have a leader who is taking on the whole group."
"Some 40, 000 people have been killed since the ceasefire began at midnight on Wednesday, while more than 100, 000 people have been killed in the conflict- a strike killed more than 10, 000 civilians, according to UN figures."
"The Scottish Government will review its proposals to close the cut in employment above the limit, with Westminster expected to make its own changes in the coming days."
"These two show you one of their real faces when they pass by the place and the other when they don't, which doesn't occur often."
"The Dallas Police Department says it received the complaint in mid- February and charged Johnson in the death of a 9- year- old boy in September."
"\"I think everybody-- women, African- American, male-- all have to recognize that their behavior has had consequences for thousands of years,\" she added."
"It's my way of saying thank you because for us to fail is a beautiful thing, but I also don't know if I'd survive it."
"On August 13, two days after the probe began, Pope Francis made a surprise visit to St. Peter's Square in central Rome to open an early- morning mass."
"And it doesn't even reflect our views on the strength of a financial system-- not in this instance, but in the recent past, and in this case, as in many other countries around the world."
"This is a big opportunity for Scotland, because I feel that Scotland's place is in the European Union, but my view is that there is much more at stake, particularly in the global south."
"We expect him to be back in on his feet, if you can get him in on his feet."
"You have to pay your taxes to get out, and you've got to actually go to a bank to get your money, and that's when I came up against the road."
"And he will help the government change the law to ensure that immigrants are given rights of first class status, so that they can get a green card every three years."
"We were playing well in front of the defence- and we'd already lost two in a row to us so it was a great decision."
"Meanwhile, the Welsh Government is pushing for the UK Government to tell the BBC what it knows about a United Nations report that doesn't seem to exist yet."
"Last year, 1. 4 million foreign visitors, an increase of 15% on last year's 1. 6 million, were in the country."
"But if Clinton is the nominee, she will need to prove that she's capable of running the White House."
"I think he had a very good year, and hopefully the tournament would be more impressive for the players."
"It added: \"You will never have a life of your own without security and have secure homes and- sometimes that's great, but sometimes that's not."
"This month, he pleaded guilty to seven counts of sexual activity with a child and four counts of sexual activity with a child."
"So many people were upset about this that there are now so many who are happy, despite the fact they have family members or friends who have been killed."
"And that's how our country's standing in the world is so important to us,\" Trump said at the time."
"All things have their turns and certain players are going to win but we're not sure if we're going to do that."
"However, when police later spoke with the woman, she was never found safe, with a number of injuries, including her nose."
"It does feel good to have the return of a child that didn't want to come home because of an accident and that she had to go on a normal road."
"'We've always put a lot of efforts into making sure that people aren't using our services,' he said."
"Over the course of 2016, government- led renewable energy development projects scored in the 20. 2- percent range."
"The reported sexual harassment, though, was first reported by the Clinton campaign, and the campaign immediately called for an investigation."
"Since Donald Trump's nomination as President, more than 40, 000 people have signed a petition calling for the immediate removal of both candidates from the US presidency."
"As such, they are prepared to spend years working for the intelligence community, to assist the public in understanding the potential threats and potential uses of our nation's intelligence agencies."
"It is possible to have a serious conversation without looking at the bed, but it is much less reliable than looking at a bottle of wine."
"\"This is a big sell in Britain, it has to be,\" he said of the pound."
"This doesn't mean that we can just stand up and say, you know what, you know, we're not going to give that up."
"He still had the back of his shoulder... it seemed that he was able to hold on to his legs and find his own body."
"We have a lot of big boys on the team now, but you haven't had the opportunity to see them all play over the past three years."
"He is not, and never has been, interested in trading, but he will be made aware if that action is allowed to go ahead."
"\"Our credit ratings have always been of a poor quality,\" a spokesperson said in response to an inquiry into the reviews."
"The survey found more than a quarter of Australians, 54 per cent, are worried about foreign travel by children under the age of six and a similar share say the same about school spending."
"'I've been thinking about that for a while and now I know my grandmother should be at ease with me when she goes out, she will laugh when she sees me."
"It was the biggest question mark since \"Hamilton \"took over the top of the ratings for the November 24, 2012 episode."
"\"I would definitely prefer to get people out of [ fighting ], but they are all fighting for their lives, and they are all fighting for their lives for the safety and security of the country,\" he said."
"'Some of us are into music ; the majority of us are into visual art, but I'm not someone who is necessarily into television."
"His last challenge before the end of the year was won when a few days into the season he was hit in the face with a bottle."
"\"It's so hard to learn to use things in a way that you don't already know you need to use them,\" says Luke."
"But it's not simply the success of the campaign that has allowed Mr. Trump to gain ground in the delegate count, though most of the Democrats on both sides have done the same."
"I am the latest in a growing number of Chinese businesses and agencies to begin to take advantage of this offshore- bound relationship."
"If we go out and throw a throw that was too low, I'm not saying they're going to throw another throwing a third throwing a fourth throwing a fifth throwing a sixth, I don't think that's the way they can do it"
"The department also has a toll system which the soldier says is used to track people down by using the information they give them."
"With no good links between those two operations, the doctor said, it is impossible to know whether the relationship continued or not."
"\"It is such a dream job, but if I wanted to go to Hollywood I would do that, I think,\" he said."
"I wasn't sure I was going to get it but he knew exactly how much I needed and he really just let me know how he felt and I was happy and encouraged."
"'But what I felt about Chris was that he was very personal and that wasn't what most people could hear,' she said."
"As with most health- care issues, the season of Zika could be a cycle of rapid health improvement."
"After much speculation, it appears as if Trump may have chosen to put this information to use in a public debate."
"You could get up, say a couple of minutes before you got there, but it was really quite a long day."
"There will be an urgent, cutting- edge investigation into these very serious and extremely high- profile cases and our previous investigation has provided a very detailed picture of what happened there."
"Despite his impressive wins in New Hampshire and South Carolina, Rubio still faces four issues in New Hampshire where he has the potential to win."
"It took me 11 years and another seven years to find a good place to settle in Australia and I think it's time to turn that around."
"The action took place just over two months before the Brexit vote, as the bank and other firms were closed down."
"He felt like his form would be of little use now, for he was hitting a long ball over the line."
"I thought all of the pictures from the election, how difficult it is to take a picture of how happy we are in the world, I thought that was a very important part of what we did."
"I believe in the idea that we should help people like you, if you don't already have a good program."
"As a former, I was told by the British military to assume the role of the highest military officer in the Republic of Ireland."
"It is clear that the politicians are determined to get a degree of cooperation with the government that they are, in effect, accusing Russia."
"We have hundreds of millions of dollars in stock and it's been there for a couple of years and it's just happened."
"What's more, the more I struggle with the anxiety I'm in, the more I feel that I need to speak up."
"Of those with legitimate cause of death, approximately 3% of those who die in the hospital are in the immediate immediate care unit or in hospital for a long period of time."
"We always want to do well and have a plan for it and we are absolutely committed to doing that."
"\"I am pleased that we have a dedicated team that will be able to create the decision- making that we want to have,\" he said."
"The girls had spent most of the day at the car park but the driver who had been arrested turned himself in on Thursday evening."
"But a video showing the footage of the first strike at the facility, which killed 28 prisoners in 2011, has been shared widely on social media."
"It feels that, as at least some of us predicted, there was a time and a place for Stephen into our lives and careers."
"To win the NBA title, you have to win every game and whatever other competition you have got that day, you're pretty tough."
"The President- elect also spoke of Mr. Trump's ability to influence the political climate in both parties."
"However, the Trust has warned that other factors could be making the Reserve Bank's money decision much more difficult, including inflation."
"It was a terrible time to be sitting in a room with a dead animal, and I knew that those of you in the emergency room should have been in there."
"\"For the first time, at least I have seen my son grow up in a world in which we live,\" he said, according to AFP."
"According to the Obama administration's estimates for 2015, that number would total about $ 1. 7 billion."
"I don't want to write it off, so please let me have that in my face."
"In Scotland, the cash rate has dropped from around 8 per cent to just under 3 per cent and it is reported to be running about 5 per cent lower than it was a year ago."
"He insisted that's not true, but \"when we tell you about it, our religious leaders tell us this."
"Only 5% said they had a good experience with online advertising, although 85% said they had a good experience using digital advertising."
"The research, funded by the Australian National University, showed 14 percent of men and 11 percent of women indicated they were open to it."
"I'm not too worried about things like this being a one- off issue, but I know for sure this is something that may be on the cards."
"If you cannot find it or understand it, maybe you should find something better than this writing, because what is contained in it is usually something even more interesting than this."
"But I think in part it was because it was so different than what people were used to hearing about after the war."
"It doesn't matter how much we're angry or how much we want to get down, we're always going to do whatever we can to get away with it."
"It seems the child had little to do with the abuse of the family, or her future- and likely none at all."
"Most of those studies are conducted with large, focused crowds, so the average crowd size is very small, she said."
"Many supporters are holding a series of rallies outside the stadium, but officials said they are going to hold rallies in the city as well."
"The deal would also open new bank accounts, put more banks in touch with customers and open up the country's capital markets to foreign investors."
"We really, really wanted to be able to win this year but, of course, there was a chance that we'd get it so we did."
"I think he's disappointed that he couldn't make it in five games after the surgery he did last year."
"The player was happy to play for us, and was always going to have a challenge, but in the end it was our job to see if we could give him another opportunity."
"\"You know what, I understand what I had to deal with, I understand the policy,\" Obama said."
"But it's not a real way to vote, but it's a way to make life- and our planet- easier for you."
"\"The sales pressure will also take a considerable toll on our mobile data plans for the first quarter of 2017,\" he said."
"This is why we have a different culture, it's why we like to work together, it's why we have a lot of respect for each other."
"I'm up next to them tonight, and will put them into his wheelhouse and stick to the story, hoping for a couple of spin on tomorrow."
"When I got to the hospital, you would hear something to me in my room from the other end of the phone."
"My priority at present is the same for my squad as for the club, the performance has been fine, I was happy with that performance and so far as I am in the squad I feel the same."
"In a spokesman for the prime minister, the Home Secretary, the First Minister and others, Mr May denied Mr Smith had called for an inquiry."
"There will be some people who think the election is too close for comfort, but we need to find common ground."
"\"I've been hearing from people that when they buy their first home it's all these young guys,\" said Adam."
"It is not known how much of his earnings will be returned in the fund, which offers a mixed user profile."
"With Netflix both investing heavily in digital content and its own TV show, working with their talent pool will certainly be an addition to their portfolio."
"As per a report by the United Nations Committee for the Rights of the Children, 32 children in Nigeria were held by Islamic State militants in 2015 alone, the country's defense and foreign ministers said."
"If that is how you think about the future, if you have the option, let me know what you think."
"All this means that to some extent, you know, making a movie like this is part and parcel of what the film is all about- being just."
"During the same meeting, a top adviser was asked to rate the new woman at a five- star rating."
"The delegates are the most prominent symbol of the party's growing power as it keeps up its seven- year war against the media and political opposition."
"On Wednesday, the court said that those convicted and sentenced on the charges would not face any further action."
"The decision has brought about some tension at the African Union summit, which is held in Atlanta in March."
"Yet this past week we saw more public opposition than even the most progressive media are willing to bear."
"\"The state of emergency has been introduced following the February 14 coup and will remain there through Sunday, with the intended end in sight,\" she said."
"Whether or not the rest of the family makes the decision to move home, it's no use to miss their chance to watch it."
"On the other hand, in a world of free trade and free access to the internet, those two things become slightly more important than ever."
"But, I mean, that's, like, people who come to America because they want to be part of a better world."
"When I was growing up, I was able to get along with all these things because I knew how much I could make."
"\"I don't care how many thousands of soldiers and officers come into the hospital, they are not serving our country and their loved one,\" she said."
"There will be talks in the off- season, and then in the World Cup I will meet with a committee, and at the final."
"\"What I have witnessed, and I don't think it's at all normal, is women trying to change what they see and hear,\" she told Channel 4 News."
"We're going to learn how to do it better, and I'm confident in that."
"By late 2013, Williams was struggling to find a steady job and was about to return to work when she was diagnosed."
"It is difficult to tell when a horse can come out on the lower limit, or even be measured against last year's record- pace in the same race."
"There's no guarantee that the next changes in the council will bring it back into this focus of what it is and what it is not."
"The figure is at least 2, 500, a 65 percent increase in a year, before tax and consultation had started."
"And I think the problem with that sort of thinking is that it's so wrong-- the reason we've got this level of executive function is because it isn't."
"There are a couple of things to do and decisions to make and I believe I've done that, though."
"I think it has to do with mental illness but that's a topic for future research,\" he added."
"We're on top of the world, we can talk, we can do these things, but we need to think about the full picture."
"I don't know why and it doesn't seem like it's been going on too long, but the reality is it is."
"More than a quarter of Belgian migrants from the EU have never travelled to Europe, leading to the country's second highest unemployment rate in the world."
"But the prize in hospital for Wednesday was provided by Russia to a man he knew as Tom, a 3- month- old Brazilian child and the mother of a 5- year- old son."
"The time to be alive has now come, but you're not ready to make the journey yet."
"It's an unfair system, but it doesn't end in the very close result or then anything happens."
"More than 130 people have been detained in connection with the investigation, while 38 people have been held for questioning by the Met."
"As many as 40 per cent of women work for overseas companies or services, a number of which have representatives from Russia and China."
"What you see at home in a great team is sometimes more like a second chance for those guys who give you a second chance."
"Both had been ordered by the judge to pay him the county $ 5. 75 per day in fines, and both were also expected to agree to their monthly payments, according to the newspaper."
"But the report said that it is still too early to tell how many people have a heart attack and how quickly a heart attack can develop."
"There is more to it than that and the top two teams in the world are still to get as a result of this tournament."
"She said a week ago that she was going to release a report after she wins a second term in next year's election, but that's not the case."
"Trump said during a Fox Business Media interview that only \"a few \"investment opportunities have come his way in his entire career, including construction of Trump Tower."
"Since both candidates won state primaries, we can expect the current CNN system to reverse itself in these states, depending on how Trump is picked."
"But there's a way to keep people coming back and the Lord has shown us what that means."
"But it's something you want to keep in mind as you're getting older, so that's what I do."
"When someone told me that I might be at the door for a couple of weeks I felt so good about it,\" she says."
"\"There was no compensation given for any of our victims, so it's tough to have them,\" he said."
"Our research has shown that people respond in the same way to black and white images as they do to white ones- they're just different people."
"The problem of privacy is getting worse, even for tech companies, and many people are concerned about whether we really know what we are spending our data on."
"In my children's lives, they're always all high school educated, so it's a different challenge for them to run a big country in an African American community."
"That's always going to be a big challenge for us and a major challenge for him because he's obviously experienced some problems."
"The size of the British economy now remains very different to the past and the decline in exports is a huge factor in the British economy's direction."
"In addition, taking sales tax off of the original sales tax revenue bill for services payments would be a cost- cutting measure, he said, as it would cover the cost of providing that service."
"Meanwhile, the population of Germany has fallen, and population estimates in the country were sharply increased from 16, 600 to 20, 000."
"If I know what I'm supposed to do, then maybe it's too much of an opportunity to me."
"If you don't see the traffic coming from the bus, which it is now, that has been most of the problem."
"The report said people in the group who reported experiencing drug use for the first time and who had suffered an addiction were more likely to have been diagnosed."
"It's true the war has become more about keeping Assad alive, and less about protecting our people."
"I was living on the streets, in Paris, in another part of the world where I met many decent people."
"He said it was \"too early \"to rule out a potential attack in the city, and it was \"not clear \"whether an attack was possible."
"The only way to save as many points and stay ahead of the game is to get going and push on."
"\"It's a wonderful game and I'm very happy to take my foot off the gas,\" he said."
"But the 36- year- old's career will also be ended after the 27- year- old struck him in the face in a last- minute try against Italy in October."
"To me, it's pretty simple: from a distance, I can see the line of fire that's coming from those attacks, and I know what they're doing."
"She went on: \"We want every child to have access to the education and opportunities that they need to learn and grow into the best possible world."
"As a young girl, I didn't know that I could be an athlete, to be honest with you, at any age."
"You want to teach them to keep their head up- that's what all of us need to do in the class."
"However, Mrs May said that the UK would not get a second referendum, even if the EU is free of violence, once full access was secured."
"I don't know if I've changed, or if I even want to, but I have given them a nice surprise."
"I think it's a very sad idea that that's exactly how he'd work."
"He was the front runner as our president, we don't want any change in the direction of the party and we don't want any change in any direction."
"When he puts out a good stream he makes people want to be involved and to be part of it, to do something for a festival."
"The other major US bank, Commonwealth Bank, said its UK branch is no longer available, while McDonald's said it is now \"not a preferred market \"for its retail customers."
"The former Star Wars actor said his mum's family was \"vastly damaged \"after the death of their son."
"He added:'We couldn't possibly allow people to be left in the street without a bed and a roof over their heads."
"When a parent finds that you've been successful in life, it can have a huge impact on their kid's life as well."
"That was not the answer, not for me, of course- to secure control of the centre- but to defend it from external forces."
"I want to listen to others and look for a conversation that's just not going to end, and a dialogue that feels positive."
"\"As for the park,\" he added, \"I'll wait and see."
"The family are raising \u00a3 4, 000 to help pay for funeral costs in Scotland, following the death of his girlfriend."
"They said she was injured and had to be treated for injuries to her face, neck and shoulder."
"A middle- aged man pulled over by police on the morning of October 5 thought the children to be on their way back to their school."
"That means my youngest has been diagnosed with cancer, and the cancer has reduced her chances to fly to France."
"\"If the name that got us wins, will also win the French Open, it will have to stay here,\" he said."
"We made it so quick the boys would be at the club and then we were going to work on it a lot."
"\"He's stuck in prison because he knows how much pressure and control that he has over the situation,\" she said."
"People who live on the east side do so on average four times more miles a year than people who live on the north side of the city."
"The entire world is on edge as Donald Trump makes his first grand entrance to the White House, where he will stand down as president."
"With a million connections he could have easily raised over $ 3 million, without all the travel expenses, but he always focused on the people who inspired him."
"I don't want to share it, but I can tell the truth, it's nice to come here."
"\"I wanted to have the opportunity to win and see the impact that my game has had in the sport,\" he said."
"He also attended school for years as a teenager, and because of that background had a deep and strong connection to the company."
"There are several things they should know and it doesn't matter which one you pick- that is the point."
"For me it's more of a challenge than anything, because of the frustration,\" he said."
"Those who had failed for two years on appeal have now been let go and the three remaining members of the commission are being allowed to go home."
"They didn't, with the Christmas break on their minds and the sight of people to blame after the new year."
"\"The Department will be working with the state attorney's office and the Texas attorney general's office to look into this matter,\" he said."
"The U. N. agency says over 3, 500 people have been killed, wounded or trapped in the conflict- torn Middle East since last July."
"I've made real progress in my career and believe I can still do it when I'm not in the spotlight."
"\"If they have no conviction, I will be in jail for two years, and with half of my supporters,\" he said."
"Despite the choice he makes, the Democrat nominated Pence to be his vice president on the first full day of campaigning in the state."
"\"It was definitely in my blood,\" he told the Daily Mail, \"because I knew I'd found a way to make it work."
"There have been plenty of speeches this year in support of independence and Labour's Jeremy Corbyn himself has made these very arguments."
"A 26- year- old woman, also from the capital, was charged with \"out of character conduct \"during the attack."
"If you've been asked what you think about him, say something big about him and he'll share your opinion."
"The president- elect has made inroads as well, raising the country's debt- and deficit- spending by $ 300 billion this year, more than two- thirds of it from the federal government."
"I can't say enough good things about her, and also I am proud to be from her community, so there are a lot of people here, it is very special."
"The special team brought him in but if they could have a combination that worked, then why didn't they try it?"
"His official version of events was described by media reports as being completely at odds with reality, as one senior US military official said he was surprised to learn of the data."
"The league has led the league in arrests in the last six years in North Carolina, including arrests of 36 people in 2015, the most of any state for which there was data."
"\"The really critical thing is that he has established the kind of team that he has,\" said Craig Robinson, an economic adviser to Clinton and one of the campaign's most effective leaders."
"It's a great spot to go with families, to go and take people out of their comfort zone when they come out."
"Because as long as the content continues to stay within the writing, it doesn't have to be quite as dramatic as a movie."
"She won the French Open 3- 2, but, having grown up in Europe, found that she didn't have time to record a game for the Williams squad."
"So the question is, what we're going to say, is we'll make sure that every little detail is tested to ensure they will be safe?"
"Just this month, I found out why fans of the show- one of the first of its kind in a major country- voted for not one, but two."
"He told BBC Wales the next stage of negotiations on leaving the EU would be at the UK's June 23 referendum, when UK voters will be asked whether they would back Britain staying in the EU or leaving."
"But they see a change in their leader as a sign of just how much the country has changed since she left."
"Trump said a Republican Party that is split between traditional Republicans and moderate conservatives could take power and guide its future."
"There are lots of people out there who are listening to what I've been saying about the need for affordable housing."
"\"It's much easier for me to get a top European team to get three, four and five points,\" he says."
"\"I think he can go from one of the better, tested kids, and that's not to say that he won't come back,\" he said."
"The Chicago police department has filed the lawsuit, which has helped it fight the lawsuit, saying its investigation has given it a better understanding of why an officer shot and killed an African- American man in September 2015."
"It's why some tech companies are in favor of more direct competition, but say they'll pay a fee to keep their devices free."
"But the officials said they don't have an answer to a mystery why more than 100 children in the area disappeared on Tuesday."
"Even if you don't get to play in a Super Bowl, then they will recognize it, they will understand what you've gone through and give you a chance to go to the Super Bowl, too."
"There are plenty of reasons that Republican Congress may not support Trump and wouldn't be in favour of his nomination."
"When a baby girl is born it is the first time she has crossed the line on legal abortion."
"Despite having the better team, it was important that the players trust the coaches to make sure they get their changes right."
