"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure we'll see a lot of growth,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the public in the event of a terror attack."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask them to take me to the police station."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 1 billion in tax returns from the Trump Organization."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get my son back and I was very worried about him."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company said it would not be able to provide any more details about the incident until the investigation was complete."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers across all of our stores,\" and that it was working with the customer service team to ensure that customers are able to use their phones safely."
"The first thing I did was to get a good look at the video and see if I could make a comment."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the UK was not left behind in the EU."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, which will be rolled out across the country."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are denied benefits."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working with the government and private sector to develop the technology."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI to determine the cause of the crash and was working with the state of emergency authorities in Florida to determine the appropriate response."
"\"I think we're going to have a lot of good things happen in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's going to be a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site safer, but it was unclear if the project would be completed by the end of the year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect its customers."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but it had not yet decided whether to pursue the project."
"The company said it had received \"a number of complaints \"about the incident and was working to resolve the issue."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the United States is not the only country that has a problem with the Zika virus,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a lot of people who are willing to do that."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to bring the project to life."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me, and I was so happy."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the government has been in power for a long time,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 12. 30, their lowest level in more than two years."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a good relationship with Russia,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 1. 30 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong team and a strong team that can win games and that can win the game,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this,\" he said, adding that the company is working on a plan to make it easier for customers to get their mail delivered."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll see a lot of growth,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it provided to the government was accurate."
"The first thing you have to do is to get the right balance of the two, and that's what we've done."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission about a possible settlement, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the new rules would apply to other countries."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company has also been criticised for not taking into account the fact that the UK is a member of the European Union."
"The government has also said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the UK's nuclear industry."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing it now,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the results."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised when I saw the video,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better and to get to know each other better,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to go through this again,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the data was used."
"The company has also said it will continue to invest in its core business, which includes its mobile and video services."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to secure the site, which is about 30 miles south of the city."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal the decision."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up to the establishment,\" he said."
"I think the most important thing is to be able to get the ball in the right place and get the ball in the right place and get the ball in the right place."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a blood test to see if I was infected."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety of our customers \"and the safety of their vehicles."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing the best possible service \"to customers and was \"committed to delivering the best possible service to customers and shareholders \"and was \"committed to continuing to invest in our business and operating results"
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up to the president,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and was looking to raise $ 2 billion more in the next two years."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has launched an investigation into the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation, according to a Justice Department official."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, for $ 1. 5 million."
"The company's shares have fallen nearly 40 percent since the company's announcement on Wednesday."
"The government is also seeking to make it easier for businesses to hire and fire people who are not in the workforce."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and get a copy of the police report."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who has a plan to deal with this,\" he said."
"The government's new strategy to tackle the problem is to make it easier for people to get help."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 33. 30 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 percent."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve customer service, but it was not clear how much of that was due to the new rules."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract, which is due to be announced in the coming weeks."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 24. 40 in after- hours trading."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 8 billion."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask them to check on me."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do,\" he said, adding that he had been in touch with the president."
"The first thing you need to do is to get yourself in the right frame of mind and to get the right balance of the two."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including the Chinese government, and that it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but had not yet received a response."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 6 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 14. 50 on Thursday after the company said it would cut its workforce by about half."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the data was used."
"The company said it was working to improve the security of its network and to improve the security of its customers'information."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll see a lot of growth,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to go through that again,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a letter from the US Department of Justice, which said it would not comment on the case."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were followed and that the new rules would not be implemented."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors in the previous quarter."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience \"and that it was working to improve customer service."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if I can say that I'm the only one who's been affected by this,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to build a new airport in the city."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife, and I was told that I had to go to the hospital."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the documents could be used."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the UK remains a global leader in the digital economy \"and that it was committed to making the UK a \"global leader in innovation \"and that it was committed to making the UK a"
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 6 billion Series B loan from the Chinese government."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the quality of its products, but that it had not yet decided on a price."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and are down more than 2 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but had not yet been able to get a deal."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was obtained."
"I'm not sure if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to do it."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 3. 30, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 1 percent."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department to determine whether the company had acted in good faith."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to take on the challenges that we face,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president will be people who have been in office for a long time,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a good dad, but I'm not going to be a good dad to my son."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but was not ready to reveal the details."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial of the service to customers in the UK and Ireland."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it had received was correct."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal."
"The company said it had received a \"significant \"amount of customer complaints about the service, and that it was working to improve its customer experience."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is expected to cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 10 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's first public offering in September."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading after the announcement, but they recovered after the news."
"The company said it had raised its share price by more than 20 per cent in the past year."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government to sell the property, but the deal has not been approved."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to increase the number of people who could benefit from the scheme."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI's investigation of Clinton's use of a private email server was politically motivated."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year, but had not yet been given a final decision."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to be detained without charge if they are suspected of a crime."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter of 2015."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 2 billion in compensation from the U. S. government in the fiscal year ending March 31."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process and would be \"fully engaged \"in the process of the investigation, which is expected to take several months."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place and that the company would be able to continue to operate."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that the company was committed to ensuring that customers are able to access the best possible online experience."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm going to say what I think is the best thing for the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will take action to ensure that the law is followed and that the public is not left out."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of the public and the environment."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in a Series B round from investors including the New York- based venture capital firm Capital One Capital."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in the UK, but said it would not be investing in the US."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that we have a new president, and we have a new Congress,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from private investors, including a $ 1. 1 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese investors."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a job."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of community and a strong sense of community that you can't have if you don't have a strong sense of community,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what was going on, and she said she was having a baby."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was wrong with my leg."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for what's right,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its products."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract until the new contract is up and running."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to a quarter of the population by 2020."
"\"I think it's a very good idea, and I think it's a very good idea for the United States to be able to have a dialogue with Russia,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to impose a new contract on the company, which has been operating for more than a decade."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 35. 50 on Thursday, and were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 30 on Thursday."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the fourth quarter."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion Series B loan."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in"
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 14. 40 in after- market trading."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last three years, but that it was not ready to launch."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about a possible deal, but the government had not yet agreed on a deal."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the incident was a factor in his decision to leave the club."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 25 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 percent."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the country and I think it's a very important issue for the world,\" he said."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your life back on track, and that's what I did."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors and had a $ 1. 5 billion goal in the first quarter."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and its stock has fallen by more than 30 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was confident it would be able to secure a deal."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that no information was lost or stolen."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 14. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had secured a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the U. S. government."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the hackers."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in debt."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would lay off more than 1, 000 workers."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The government has said it will take action to address the problem, but has yet to make a decision."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but it was unclear if the agreement would be approved by the U. S. Supreme Court."
"The company said it had been working with the government to improve the safety of the system and that it was working with the police to ensure the safety of the public."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last three years, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone other than the owner and that it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone else."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but it was not clear when it would be ready."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for all employees \"and that the company was committed to continuing to provide a safe and secure environment for all employees."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll see a lot of growth,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get my son to the hospital and see if I could help him."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the ones who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has been down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and that it had agreed to pay the government $ 1. 5 million."
"The company said in a statement that it had been \"fully engaged \"with the government and that it would continue to work with the government on the issue."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it would continue to work with the government to improve its services."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, adding that it was \"working closely with the government \"to ensure the results are reflected in the company's business."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 15. 57 on Thursday, and are down 2. 3 percent at $ 16. 15."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to know that the government is doing everything it can to help the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 percent."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about that,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past two years, and was expecting to raise $ 2. 5 billion this year."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 50 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors in 2015, and was expected to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working to raise $ 2 billion in capital."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, who has been working on the site for more than a year."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the UK remains a global leader in the digital economy \"and that it was committed to delivering \"significant \"economic benefits to the UK."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in September."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year and is expected to announce its plans in the coming months."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not the people who are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and are down more than 1 percent in the last three weeks."
"The first thing I did was to get a good look at the car and then I went back to the shop and bought the new car."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but it was not clear whether the government would take the project forward."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was going on, and I was told it was a heart attack."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of the debate,\" he said, adding that he would not be supporting Trump."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years, but was not ready to reveal details."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process, and that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process of the new contract."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and the safety of their equipment."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company said it was \"actively considering \"the possibility of a new deal with the government, but it would not comment on the details."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, but they were down more than 3 percent in the past week."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from a friend who had been in touch with me."
"The government has said it will not take any action until the new law is in place, and that it will not take any action until the new law is in place."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but that it would not be making any further comment."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of people who have been killed in the conflict."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 1. 16, while the S & P 500 index gained as much as 2. 5 percent."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to stand up for what's best for the country,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a blood test to see if I was infected."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to determine the cause of the fire."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come over and talk to me about the situation."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was confident it would be ready for the end of the year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who"
"The company's shares were down 1 percent at $ 30. 30 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the outcome."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to a third of the population by 2020."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good team, and I think that's what we're going to have,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a good look at the video and see if I could help."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was looking to raise $ 2 billion in the next two years."
"The company said it would be able to offer the service in the UK by the end of 2017."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of its investigation and that it was working with the FBI to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company said it was working to improve the quality of its products and said it was working to improve its customer service."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the company's first public offering in 2014."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and are trading at about $ 40."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them to take me to the police station."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not alone in this,\" he said, adding that the United States is a \"bigger and stronger \"partner in the region."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and was working with the FBI to determine the best way to resolve the matter."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it was \"working closely with the government \"on the matter."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 3. 30 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter earnings report in September."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI to determine the cause of the fire, but that it would not be releasing any information until it had been determined."
"The U. S. has been in the race to become the world's largest oil producer, but it is unclear how much of that will be in the pipeline."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it would continue to work with the government to improve the service."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to one million by 2020."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to bring the project to life."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for him, but I'm sure he'll be fine."
"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation and we're going to get the right people to do it."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law that would make it easier for people to buy a home."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the previous quarter."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private equity firms."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 2. 14 on Wednesday, their lowest level in more than two years."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to stay in the country for up to six months."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who will be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would not be making any further comment."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to listen to the concerns of the American people,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a strong team and a strong team that can win games,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said had been driven by the company's strong performance in the UK."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of its investigation and that it was \"working closely with the police \"to identify those responsible."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project and would be working with the government on the project."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be the first person to do something like that."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for what's right,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to force the closure of the school, which is run by the Catholic Church."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 14. 30 on Thursday, and were down 1. 1 percent at $ 14. 30 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down 1. 1 percent at $ 14."
"\"I think the best way to look at it is that it's a very, very small number,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee,\" Trump said in a statement."
"The company has been in talks with the government about the possibility of a new contract for the next two years."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the UK remains a global leader in the digital economy \"and that it was committed to delivering the services it provides."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but it would not comment further."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer experience and was working to"
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for all employees \"and said it would continue to do so."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we're going to get it done,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but that it had not yet received a final decision."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 30. 14 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last two years and was looking for a new investor."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company announced plans to cut its workforce by about half."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI to determine the cause of the crash, but that it was too early to say if it was caused by the plane."
"The company's shares were down more than 2 percent at $ 3. 30 on Wednesday, while the S & P 500 index was down 2. 5 percent at $ 1. 50."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next few years."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action against the company."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and I was told that I had a heart attack and I had to be put on life support."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to the private sector unless it is sold to the public sector."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year and has been in talks with the European Commission for more than a year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors in the last three months of the year, and it had raised $ 1. 4 billion in the first quarter of 2016."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about half."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, and they have fallen more than 5 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country, and I think it's a very good thing for the country for the country to have a president who is willing to do that,\" he said."
"\"We have to make sure that we have a plan in place to deal with the situation,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy to support the company's growth."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it would be able to continue to operate."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about a possible sale of the assets, but that it had not yet received a response."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in the UK and will continue to invest in the country, with a focus on the UK and Europe."
"I think it's a good idea, but I'm not sure it's the right time to do it."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which will be completed in the next few years."
"The company has been under pressure to cut costs and improve customer service, but has been unable to do so."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and that it was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The company has been in talks with the government about the future of its operations in the UK, but has not yet been able to secure a licence."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 3. 14, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 21."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had secured a $ 1. 6 billion loan from the U. S. government."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, and that it was confident it would raise more money in the future."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 percent at $ 30. 14 in after- hours trading."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get my blood pressure checked and I was told I was fine."
"The company said it had been working on a new system to ensure the safety of its customers, but that it would not be able to guarantee the safety of its customers."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 2 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company said it had received a \"significant \"amount of customer complaints about the service, which it said had been in place for more than a year."
"The first thing I did was to get the ball out of the way and then I got the ball back and I was able to get the ball back."
"The U. S. has been the world's leading provider of medical marijuana since it was approved in 2014."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay the bill until the end of the year, but it is understood to be in the range of \u00a3 1, 000 to \u00a3 2, 000."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to be detained for up to six months without charge."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and said it was \"working closely with the government \"to improve the process."
"The company's shares have lost more than 20 percent of value since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 2. 5 billion in debt in the first quarter."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and then I went to the hospital."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 2. 3 billion in government funding for the project, which will be completed by the end of the year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The government has also said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"\"I think it's a good idea for people to have a little bit of fun and to have a little bit of fun,\" he said."
"The company said in a statement that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the investigation and would provide \"more detail \"as it becomes available."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it would continue to work with the police and other agencies to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company's shares were down 1. 9 per cent at $ 1. 21 on Thursday, and were down 1. 3 per cent at $ 1. 21 on Thursday."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department and other federal agencies to determine how the company could be held responsible for the breach."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of checks and balances, which would allow people to avoid the risk of being caught."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers, and that it would be able to continue to operate."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not the people who are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in July."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be able to vote,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract until the contract is up and running."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent to $ 4. 57 on Wednesday, their lowest price in more than a year."
"\"I think we've got to make sure that we're not just going to be a one- off,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new strategy for dealing with the refugee crisis, which is expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in funding from the U. S. government in the last year."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to a third of its population by 2020."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not just talking about the economy,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to have a little bit of diversity in the sport,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, and were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and had been told it would be completed by the end of the year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to pay for the construction of new homes or to pay for the construction of new schools."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a good president,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site more attractive for development."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it again,\" he said in an interview."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year, but had not yet received a response."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in September that it would lay off 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are followed and that the new rules are implemented."
"\"I don't think there's a single person who doesn't have a sense of what it's like to be a woman in this country,\" she said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost more than $ 1 billion in the last three years."
"The company's shares were down more than 10 percent at $ 1. 56 on Wednesday, while the S & P 500 index was down more than 10 percent at $ 1. 28."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the security of the internet and to improve the security of its customers."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the system more efficient and more secure."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in donations from the public since the election, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 million in the first quarter of this year."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 1. 30, their highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure the safety of customers."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer service and had been in contact with the customer's representatives."
"The company said it had been working on a new system for the new iPhone, which will be unveiled in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to say that we're going to do something about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, but they are still up more than 20 percent this year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them to take me to the police station."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government to develop a plan to help the industry."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 2 percent in the past week."
"The government has also said it will not be able to guarantee access to the single market for EU citizens living in the UK."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the election of Donald Trump as the next president of the United States."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it because I don't want to get into the details,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would not comment further."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The company said it was \"actively looking \"at ways to improve its customer experience and said it would continue to work with the company to improve customer experience."
"The first thing I want to do is to get the ball in the right place and get it in the right place and get it into the right place and get it into the right place and get it into the right place and get it into"
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and that it would continue to work with law enforcement."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that I'm not going to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government on a deal to sell the assets to a private equity firm, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to talk about the issues that matter to the American people,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good team, and we're going to have a very good team,\" he said."
"I think it's a great way to get a little bit of inspiration and to get a little bit of inspiration for the next game."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, which killed more than 100 people."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese investors."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll be able to get a good deal,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the middle of the pack,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on the news, and have fallen more than 20 percent since the company's announcement."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a lot of people who are willing to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a deal for a year, but it had not yet been agreed."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 40 percent."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said had helped it to grow its business."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract, which will be announced in the coming weeks."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my son, and I was so shocked."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was considering a new contract, but it was not clear if the deal would be extended."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 11. 50 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down more than 1 percent."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has already spent on the project, which has been in the works for more than a decade."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it would also be able to offer a free trial of the app on a monthly basis."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, led by private equity firms."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and the country's to have a leader who is willing to listen to the people,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to see that we're not going to be a country that's going to be a country that's going to be a country that's going to be a country that's going to be"
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"It's a very, very important thing for us to get the right balance between the two,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to give the public more information about the health of the elderly."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next couple of months,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the search for a new CEO and that it was \"optimistic \"about its prospects."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 2 million payment from the U. S. government in connection with the investigation."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell its stake in the company, but that it was not yet ready to sell its stake."
"\"I think the only way to make sure that we're not going to be in a situation where we're going to be in a situation where we're not going to be able to do what we're doing is to make sure that we"
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to try to do it."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 20 percent."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to pay for the construction of a new stadium for the World Cup."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project and that it was \"fully committed \"to the UK's position in the EU."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer service and that it would be working with the police to investigate the incident."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to come back and play again,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors in the first quarter, including $ 1. 1 billion from private equity firms."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a good conversation about it, because it's a very important topic,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 7 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about half."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news that the company had agreed to pay $ 1. 5 billion in back taxes to the U. S. government."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government to sell the shares, but the deal fell through last year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was in talks with investors about a possible deal."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 3 billion in funding from investors, and that it was confident it would be able to raise $ 5 billion in the next two years."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it was cutting its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The U. S. has been a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and has been involved in the coalition against the Islamic State in Afghanistan."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 percent at $ 1. 50 on Tuesday after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to have a female president,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we're going to get it done,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for the country to know that we are not alone,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new contract until the new contract is up and running."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and he said that I should have a blood test."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the deal, but it is unlikely to be a final agreement."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president will be people who have been in office for a long time,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my son, and I was told that my son was in a serious condition."
"\"We have to be careful not to let the people of this country down,\" he said in a statement."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The company's shares were down more than 2 percent at $ 1. 25 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, but that it would not be making any changes."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 14. 50 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose any new rules on the industry, which is already struggling to cope with the huge number of migrants arriving in the country each year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the US government, the FBI and the Department of Justice, and that it would not be making any further comment."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced a $ 1 billion settlement with the U. S. government."
"The U. S. State Department said on Wednesday that it had received a request from the Russian government to provide information about the incident."
"The U. S. has been the world's most powerful economy for the past 50 years, but it's not the only one."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 2. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask for a ticket for a traffic offence."
"The government is also expected to announce a new law to allow the government to hire more judges, a move that will be welcomed by some conservatives."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission about a possible settlement, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had received a \"significant number \"of calls from customers who had been affected by the breach."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide the money to the charity until the end of the year."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year and was working on a new product for the next year."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but that it would not comment further."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the practice, which is illegal in the UK."
"The company said it was \"committed \"to the fight against the virus, and that it would continue to work with the government to help it."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that it was working to improve customer experience."
"The company has also been accused of failing to protect its customers from cyber attacks, which it has blamed on Russia."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the public."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of \"pay- to- play \"pay- to- play for all employees, regardless of their age."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about half."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. government to ensure that the U. S. government would not use its money to support the project."
"The government has said it will not take any action until the UK leaves the EU, but it is understood the government is considering a new deal with the EU."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project for a year, but had not yet decided whether to go ahead with the project."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to have a female president,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and I was told that I had a heart attack and that I would be taken to hospital."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was working with the government to develop a pilot program."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in capital from investors."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including the Chinese government, and was working on a new strategy."
"The company said it had received a letter from the government in the last few days, and that it was looking into the matter."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"time trial in the UK and Ireland, with a price of \u00a3 1, 500."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a new contract for a year, but had not yet decided whether to sell."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the middle of the pack,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including the investment bank Morgan Stanley."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow women to be elected to the Supreme Court."
"The government is also expected to announce a new scheme to help people who have lost their homes to buy a new home."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"I think it's a very important thing to be able to say that you're not going to be able to do that."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Wednesday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 8 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 14. 50 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had secured a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the U. S. government."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of EU citizens living in the UK."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure we'll find a way to get it done,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and I said I'm sorry but I don't know what's going to happen."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 percent to $ 14. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's first- quarter results in September."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to pay for the new school, which is due to open in 2017."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 50 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and I was told that I had a heart attack and that I would not be able to go home."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do this,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticised for its failure to provide the required information to the public about the company's operations."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next three years, and that it will not be able to provide the money for the next five years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 percent to $ 17. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it was not clear whether it would be able to agree to the deal."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a deal to sell its stake in the company, but it has yet to receive a response."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was obtained."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a great president,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to have a perfect world,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are denied benefits."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 10 percent since the start of the year, and are down by more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the security of its network."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but it has not yet been decided."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 16, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 1 per cent."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get checked out and I was told that I was not allowed to have any contact with the children."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to improve its practices and to make its products more competitive with rivals."
"The company said it had received a letter from the U. S. Department of Justice in January, and that it was looking into the matter."
"\"I don't know if I'll ever be able to do it again,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but declined to comment further."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience \"and that it was committed to providing the best possible service."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from private investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 2 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said on Wednesday that it had received a letter from the U. S. government in response to the inquiry."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the operation, which will cost \u00a3 1. 5 billion."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the quality of its products and that it would continue to work with the government on its plans."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the past two years, and was working with investors to develop a strategy for the future."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to private developers until the land is sold to the public."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and he said that I was going to have to go to the hospital."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last three months of the year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new contract until the new contract is up and running."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 1 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and I was told that I was going to be taken to the hospital."
"The company's shares were down 2. 4 percent at $ 3. 16, while the S & P 500 index was up 2. 1 percent at $ 3. 16."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm not going to say anything about the future,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, adding that it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the service."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the new year."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. government on a plan to bring the drone to market."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion from investors in the last quarter, including $ 1. 3 billion from the Chinese government."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm not sure I'll be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 10 percent at $ 15. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet its target of spending $ 2. 5 billion a year on defence."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow women to vote in the upcoming referendum, which is due to be held on 23 June."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would close its doors."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a job."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that we're going to have a very, very tough fight."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been the world's most important trading partner for more than a decade, but it has been a little less stable than it has been in the past."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company said it was working to improve its customer experience and to improve its customer service, but said it was working to improve its customer service and to improve its customer service."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department to determine the best way to handle the case."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 14. 60 on Wednesday, their lowest price since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"We're going to have to do something about it,\" he said, \"and I'm going to be the first to say it."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I said, \"I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to tell you what's going on."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action to protect its interests."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who is going to be able to get things done,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it would continue to provide support to the company."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would close a deal with the government."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 2. 8 billion in funding from the Chinese government."
"The government has also said it will not be able to take action against the company for the breach, which is being investigated by the FBI."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the past two years and was on track to raise $ 3. 5 billion in the fourth quarter."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of workers who are not employed by the company."
"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation, and I think it's a good thing for the players and the club."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said were \"significantly improved \"over the previous quarter."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 percent at $ 1. 28, and the stock has lost more than 20 percent of its value in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing it now, because we're in a good position,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good thing for the fans,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but that it was not yet ready to announce the terms of the deal."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government and other countries, but has not yet made a decision."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and that it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in the first quarter."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 40. 60 on Thursday, after the company announced plans to close its plant in China."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to a foreign company, but the government has also said it will not allow the sale of the property to a foreign company."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares were up 2. 8 percent to $ 3. 16 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president of the United States will be people who have been in office for a long time,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we're doing it, because it's a good thing that we're doing something that's going to be a long time."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its workers."
"The government has also said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract until the new contract is completed."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and that it was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my brother, and I was told that my brother had been shot."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter of 2015, and that it expects to raise $ 3 billion in the next three years."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year and was working on a new product for the next year."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced it would lay off 1, 000 workers."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 1 billion Series B loan."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to talk about the issues that matter to the American people,\" she said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it was too slow."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 16. 30 on Thursday, and are down 1. 8 percent at $ 16. 30."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was considering a new contract for the new year."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to private developers, but the government is seeking permission to build the site."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 2 billion payment from the government for the work, which was completed in 2014."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Russia on a cease- fire for Syria, but the talks have been delayed because of the ongoing civil war in Syria."
"The company has been in talks with the government since the start of the year, but has not yet agreed a deal."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company's shares have lost more than half of their value since the scandal broke in July."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to be a woman,\" she said, adding that she was \"very proud \"of her appearance."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it was cutting its workforce."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 11. 50 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 23. 60 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 2. 5 percent."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project and that it would be ready to go."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and was in talks with investors to raise $ 2. 5 billion."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was looking at a range of options, including a licence to operate."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is owned by the family of a former soldier."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in May that it was closing in on a $ 1. 5 billion deal with Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are here,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about this and we can make sure that we have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to the private sector unless it is sold to a public company."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of the public and the environment."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent to $ 3. 16, after the company's shares fell more than 3 percent in the past week."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year, but had not yet been able to get the product off the market."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for the people of this country,\" he said."
"The government has said it wants to make the system more efficient, but critics say it is not working."
"The company said it had received a \"significant number \"of calls from customers in the UK, and that it had received more than \u00a3 1 million in customer complaints."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the quality of care for patients."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement with the company."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares have lost more than half of their value since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the last 12 months."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the middle of the season,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had a net loss of $ 1. 6 billion."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years, but that it was not ready for prime time."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the system more efficient."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in July."
"The first is that the UK is not a member of the European Union, but a member of the single market, and that the UK is not a member of the single market."
"\"We are going to be working with the government to make sure that we are able to get the right people to come in and help us,\" he said."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue, but it was unclear how many customers were affected."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and that it was working to improve customer service."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are able to access the best possible online experience \"and that it would continue to work with the authorities."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has already spent on the project, which is expected to cost about $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a woman president,\" Trump said in a Fox News interview."
"The U. S. has said it will not participate in the talks, but it has also said it will not take sides in the talks."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue and that it would be making a decision on the next steps in the investigation."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year, but was not ready to announce it."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 2, 000."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and was looking at a possible sale, but did not say when."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect its customers."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but that it would not be taking any action until the government had given its approval."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be able to vote,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1 million, for a total of $ 5. 5 million."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and was working on a new design for the building."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has not done a good job of keeping the public informed,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president of the United States are going to be the people who will be in charge of the next president of the United States,\" he said"
"\"I think it's important for the people of the United States to know that we are not going to allow this to happen again,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the police investigation and was \"fully aware \"of the incident."
"The company has also said it will not be able to offer a free trial of the app for the first time."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the public in the event of a terror attack."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in work by 2020."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government to secure the necessary funding."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, adding that it was \"working closely with the government to ensure the best possible outcome \"for customers."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 14. 30, after the company said it was closing in on a deal to buy the company."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is currently owned by the family, for a total of \u00a3 1. 5 million."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was looking to sell its stake in the company."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the iPhone since last year, but it was not clear whether it would be ready for the new model."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was working with the government to develop a pilot program."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the UK remained in the EU, but that it would not be able to do so without the consent of the European Parliament."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last two years and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors in the last three years."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to identify the source of the information."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30, while the broader S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 percent."
"\"I'm not sure what the outcome of this is going to be, but I'm sure it's going to be a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it gives the players a chance to get back to the top of the league,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers, and that it would continue to provide support to the affected customers."
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in the White House are the people who are going to make the decisions that are going to affect the people who are in the White House."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to identify the people who were responsible for the breach."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is provided to our customers \"and that it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is provided to our customers \"and that it was committed to ensuring"
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which will be completed in 2017."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to see a \"significant \"rise in sales in the second half of the year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act on the issue, and that it would not be able to continue to operate."
"The first thing I did was to go and see my dad, and I said, \"I'm going to go and see my dad."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 30 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks, but it has been criticised for not taking a more active role in the negotiations."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the source of the information."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing emissions by 20 percent by 2020."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from private investors and had secured $ 1. 6 billion in capital."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to get out of the house,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for a year, but had not yet been given a final decision."
"The company's shares were down 1. 4 percent at $ 2. 20 on Thursday, after the company announced it was closing its doors."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 2 billion in debt from investors."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is offered to our customers and that we are able to provide the best possible service to our customers."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is not a member of the European Union,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the people behind the attacks."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer experience and that it was working to improve its customer experience and that it was working to improve its customer experience and that it was working to improve its customer experience and that it was working to"
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the same boat as the rest of the world,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new school, which will be built in the next two years."
"The company said it had been working with the government to improve the safety of the vehicles, but that it was not yet ready to release the results of its tests."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the crash."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of the work the team has done."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing emissions by 80 percent by 2020."
"The U. S. State Department said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the death of a U. S. citizen in the southern Philippines."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 30. 30 on Thursday, and are down 2. 3 percent at $ 30. 30."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of the vehicles, but that the project was still in its early stages."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say I'm not excited about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent on Wednesday, and are down more than 4 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year, but was not ready to reveal the final product."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process, adding that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process of the new contract."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in this position,\" he said, adding that he would like to see the U. S. and Russia work together to fight terrorism."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to be a woman in the first place,\" she said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its products."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that are important to us,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that we get to a point where we can actually do something about it,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the cuts on the economy and the cost of living."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and venture capital firms."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to talk about the issues that matter to him,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a blood test to see if I was infected."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he could help me."
"The company has also been criticised for not paying its employees enough to cover the cost of its new headquarters."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by at least 20 percent."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the middle of the pack,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action to protect the rights of its employees."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a doctor's opinion, and I was told that I would have to go to the hospital for a blood test."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to a third of the population by 2020."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce."
"The company has also been criticised for its lack of transparency about its tax affairs, which have been reported by the Guardian."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol, which would be introduced in the first year of the new law."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are not eligible for free school meals."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company has been in talks with the government to set up a new headquarters in the city, but has not yet been approved."
"The U. S. has been the world's leading provider of advanced cancer drugs for more than a decade."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the problem, with some of the most senior officials saying they were not aware of the problem."
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the incident and that it would provide \"a full explanation \"as soon as possible."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could continue to operate in the country."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a woman president,\" Trump said at a rally in South Carolina."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are able to enjoy the benefits of the internet \"and that it was working to improve its customer experience."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and had been told it would be able to take the case to the Supreme Court."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue, but it was unclear how long the company would be able to keep the money."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working with investors to develop a strategy."
"The company said it was \"committed \"to the UK and would continue to work with the authorities to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and that it was working on a similar product for the same time period."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action on the issue."
"The company said it was \"actively working with the authorities \"to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced plans to close its plant in China."
"The first thing I did was to get the ball in my hands and I was able to get it back in my hands."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue for more than a year and that it had been in talks with the government on the issue for more than a year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act on the issue, and that it would not be able to continue to operate."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The government has also said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 2, 000."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it was investigating the case and that it would not comment further."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it had received was accurate."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow the public to vote on the issue in the next parliament."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS, the people who are in charge of the NHS, are the people who have the power to decide what is right for the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the matter and that it would provide a statement when it was made public."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost more than $ 1 billion in the last year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, and that it was working with investors to develop a new product."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a job."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who are going to be very upset,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of its investigation and that it would continue to work with the police."
"The company said it had received a \"significant \"amount of customer complaints about the service, which it said was \"well- received \"by its customers."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a good president,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new system for the new system, but it was not clear how it would work."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience \"and that it was working to improve customer service."
"\"I think the most important thing is to get the right balance between the two,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to determine how the information was used."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would lay off more than 1, 000 workers."
"\"I don't want to say too much, but I think it's important to talk about the issues that we face,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for all employees \"and that it would continue to do so."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the system more efficient and secure."
"The company has been under pressure from shareholders to cut costs and improve its customer experience, but it has been struggling to keep up with demand."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 18. 33, after the company announced plans to cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it was \"actively working with the authorities \"to ensure the safety of its customers and staff."
"\"I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to be able to do that \"in the future."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last two years, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last two years."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up to the establishment,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement with the company."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 1. 60 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 per cent."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the best way to handle the issue."
"The company has said it will continue to work with the U. S. government to help it develop its technology."
"\"I'm not sure that I'll be able to do that in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, and the government has also been criticised for failing to take action on the issue of the death penalty."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the project, but it had not yet decided on the date."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last three years and was in discussions with investors."
"The first thing I did was to go and see my dad, and I was like, \"I'm not going to do that."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible for the breach."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that because of the fact that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to develop a new contract for the company, which would allow it to continue operating."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country by 2. 5 million by 2020."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are able to enjoy the best possible experience \"and that it would continue to work with the police and other authorities to ensure the safety of our customers."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for its employees \"and to ensuring that all employees are treated fairly."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth around $ 1. 5 million, for a total of $ 3. 5 million."
"The company's shares were down 2. 9 percent at $ 30. 28 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of EU citizens."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for more than a year and that it had been in talks with the government on the project for more than a year."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place and that the new rules were in place for the first time in more than a decade."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience and the best possible service \"at all times."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the sport to have a lot of young players coming in,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 11. 50 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not the people who are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 40. 40 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter earnings report in July."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the new contract, which will be announced in the coming weeks."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it was committed to continuing to improve its customer experience."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year and a half, but was not ready to release a new product until the end of the year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and public services."
"The company has been in talks with the government about the future of the site, but has yet to receive a response."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent to $ 14. 40 on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The first thing you have to do is to get the ball in your hands and get the ball in your hands well."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers \"and that it was committed to providing \"a great experience for customers \"and that it was committed to delivering a great service."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 11. 50, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 50 percent."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it was \"working closely with the government \"to ensure the results are accurate."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks, which are due to start in the coming weeks."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent at $ 30. 55 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 3 billion in the first quarter."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it because I don't want to get into the details,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been in the fight against ISIS since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011."
"The company said it would be \"very hard to get the right balance \"of services for its customers."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it had been given the green light to operate."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent at $ 28. 50 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down nearly 20 percent at $ 30."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 6 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract, which will be announced on Monday."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to fund the construction of new schools, but the opposition has said it will use it to fund the construction of a new school."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best experience possible \"and that it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure the safety of customers."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, but that it had not yet secured a deal."
"The company said it had been in talks with the US government and that it would be willing to work with the US government on a deal."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI to determine the cause of the fire and that it was investigating the incident."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and the country's to have a president who is willing to talk about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it again,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government to develop a plan to help the industry."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come to the house and I was told that they would not be able to do that."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard and try to win the next election,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place and that it would be able to continue to operate."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information could be used to help the FBI."
"The U. S. has been on a bombing mission against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since mid- 2014."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said, adding that he was \"not sure \"if the new rules would be applied to him."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it's going to be a good one."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who understands the importance of the American people,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best experience possible \"and that it would continue to provide support to customers."
"The first thing I want to do is to get my head around it and get my body around it and get it back to normal."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors and had raised $ 3. 5 billion in cash."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff and that it had no plans to change its business model."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get my blood pressure checked, and I was told that I was not going to have any more."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 percent at $ 30. 27 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 9 billion in the first quarter."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 20, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we have a problem with the way we're doing things,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 35. 99 on Thursday, and were down 1. 3 percent at $ 35. 30."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone other than the owner, and that it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone else."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and I was told that my son was in a serious condition."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working to raise $ 2 billion in additional funding."
"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the club and the players."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, adding that it was \"working closely with the government \"on the matter."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are denied asylum."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and that it had \"remained committed \"to the company's business."
"The company has also said it will not be able to offer a service that would allow customers to pay for their own flights."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get him to come back."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to improve the security of its network and that it was working to improve its customer experience."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be a little bit more open,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government about a possible sale of the aircraft, but that it was not clear if the deal would be completed before the end of the year."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision."
"The company said it was working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the process and that it would be working with the government to ensure the project is completed."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new contract, which will be announced in the coming weeks."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but was not ready to announce it."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares are down by more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about a possible sale of the property, but it has not yet been granted permission to do so."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 6 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get back to the level we've been at for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff and that it was \"committed to continuing to provide the best possible service \"to customers and staff."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as the next US president."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not alone in this,\" he said, adding that the United States is also a part of the solution."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal the ruling."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 3 percent in the past week."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are in charge of the country are the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are in charge of the country,\" he"
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial of the app in the future, but would not be able to offer a free trial for a year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and was in talks with investors to raise $ 2. 5 billion."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a lot of people who are not necessarily going to be in the room,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that the government has been very clear about the need for a strong relationship with the EU,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country, and for the world,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a fix for the problem for more than a year, but it had not been able to get the fix to the market."
"The government has said it is committed to making sure that the UK remains a member of the single market and that the rules of the market are respected."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from the private sector."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll see a lot of growth,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the deadline, which is set to be extended by another two weeks."
"\"I'm not saying that I'm going to be a great president, but I'm not going to be a great president,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about half."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the government."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for what's right,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks, but has said it will not take part in any negotiations with the opposition."
"The company said it would not be able to provide any more details about the incident, but it said it was investigating."
