"In the past, he has been accused of using the name of a police officer who has been killed in the line of duty."
"But that's not the only reason, it's the reason that we're at this point in our history where we can't turn the clock back."
"\"I don't know how I'm going to get through this,\" he said, noting that his wife is in a stable condition in hospital."
"But the advantage of a pair of hands is that you can simply take the hand and push it up and down as you go."
"As a result, the first- time driver must be in the best shape to make the most of their car's potential."
"The total is more than twice what it cost in 2015, when it was $ 4. 1 million."
"The city is not only a major centre for cultural and sporting events but also a major hub for the economy."
"The results of the study, published in the British Medical Journal, could be used in future trials to determine whether the treatment is effective."
"If you're going to get something for free, you're going to pay for it with your credit card."
"It's a shame that he hasn't been able to keep up with his father and his mum and sister, who are all in their late teens."
"She said:'I think the family would have been shocked if they found out that the father had been dead for 30 years."
"It's hard to imagine a better way to end the season than the one we're in now."
"We are working with the police and the fire department to bring the fire department and the fire service to a safe and secure location,\" the statement said."
"\"We have a couple of other people who have been in the field, they're not being treated that way,\" he said."
"\"I'm a leader, and I'm going to tell the truth,\" Clinton said during a meeting with Republican leaders."
"The court heard he was in a relationship with a man he met on a dating website and had been watching the same videos on a regular basis."
"The average household in the U. S. was earning $ 76, 500 a year in 2014, according to the latest data from the U. S. Department of Labor."
"\"We don't want to let them play games like that, we want to play the best game possible and we want to win the Super Rugby tournament,\" he said."
"The attacks took place in the early hours of Wednesday morning, and the victims were not believed to be the staff who had been working there."
"We can't rely on the government, we have to rely on the people, and that's what we've got to do."
"The Raiders have made a similar decision to their rivals, but with a different approach to the way they approach their players."
"This is not the first time that a major American company has fallen on hard times, and many other countries have fallen in the past."
"They have a strong sense of duty to their fellow citizens, and they have taken a very high priority in protecting them."
"The company was forced to reveal the full impact of the decision on Tuesday, with shareholders voting against the decision in a parliamentary committee meeting."
"I think we have to look at it more carefully now because we don't know if it's going to work."
"The way he's playing, it doesn't matter how much he's playing, how much he's playing, he's a great player."
"The police are trying to establish whether there was a cover- up, a cover- up of a crime that had been committed in the name of a terrorist group."
"I think that's what they're going to have to look at at the end of the season."
"In the last two years, we've seen a massive increase in the number of arrests and the number of deaths."
"It is also likely that the possibility of a vote for Trump is a sign that the Republican establishment is willing to look beyond the party's core."
"If you're one of those people that's just lost the love of your life and you're trying to get back, this is your chance."
"\"I think it's a great thing to be able to get out and get out and get to know someone and know what they are like,\" he said."
"But I think if you look at the numbers, it's just a fact, and it's just not true,\" he said."
"But they are still far from the most popular option for passengers and they are not the only option available on the train."
"It's a fantastic achievement for the club and I'm sure it will be a great occasion for all of the fans."
"She said: \"I've been really lucky in the past few years and I think that has helped me to get a bit of confidence back."
"A new report suggests that the number of people with mental health problems has risen in the last decade, and that the number of people with substance abuse issues has also risen."
"I'm not saying that's bad, but you can't get a better horse than that."
"The company's stock has fallen nearly 20 percent this year, and it has lost more than a fifth of its value in the past three years."
"He's got the same potential as anybody in this draft, and he's got the potential to be a big player."
"We're in the middle of a massive, massive process of creating a football team that's going to be a very successful."
"The idea is to make sure that the movie is a success, not just the original movie, and that it's one of the first movies to be released on the internet."
"The paper says theresa May, the Home Secretary, has promised to hold a referendum to allow Britain to leave the European Union."
"They have to be able to deal with people, because they are not always able to do so with their own hands."
"But he says he'll still be a part of the team, and that he hopes to continue the struggles he's already been through."
"The government has now committed to funding the operation by 2020, and the NHS has already spent more than \u00a3 3 billion on this."
"I have also heard people say that if you can't have a good time, you should have a better job."
"\"The American people have spoken,\" Mr. Trump said, and they are \"making a choice."
"If you're a big fan of the New York Giants, you know what they're capable of."
"There is a long- term trend towards people being more confident about their health and therefore more likely to stay healthy, the study found."
"When the food is ready, the person who gets it to the table will be the one who has to eat it."
"I think it's pretty easy to see how we're going to be able to get out of the hole in a couple of weeks."
"But there's no doubt that this is an important issue and one that needs to be addressed."
"The social media platform is the most popular of its kind, and has attracted a growing population of people who are interested in it."
"\"We need to focus on making sure that our people are able to work, to have a safe job, to have a decent education,\" he said."
"The way I was introduced to her is she had a lot of friends and family and she was always telling me what to do."
"I think the best thing to do is just do the best you can with what you have, and then make the best decision for you."
"The ruling was widely condemned by human rights groups and the government, which said it had no choice but to consider the case."
"It was a tough couple of days, and I'm really looking forward to the week ahead."
"He has made clear that he will not be making any further comments until the results of the EU referendum are known."
"It's a big game, so you just have to keep working hard and be ready for anything."
"There are people who want to be the President of the United States, and they don't like it."
"We've got a lot of work to do, and we have to learn from it and not try to be a master of the last three weeks."
"\"I will not be voting for Donald Trump, but I am voting for Bernie Sanders,\" he said."
"I just feel like it's a little bit of a dream come true for him because he's been there and done that."
"If we get a better deal, it's going to be a much better deal for the American people."
"In a statement released later in the case, the state attorney's office said it had been seeking \"all the necessary information \"to determine whether the children were guilty of the crimes."
"A statement from the Scottish government said: \"We are committed to working closely with the Scottish Government to support Scotland's economic development."
"It is not clear how many of those who died were people who were believed to have fled to Syria or Iraq."
"The paper also revealed that it had been given a new name by a British court in 2014, which is still in effect."
"It's a big game for us and we need to do it in the right way because we're a team that's playing at home."
"The event is free to attend, and you can register to attend as many times as you like, though you'll need to pay to attend."
"The man is said to be a 23- year- old Chinese national with an estimated net worth of $ 12 billion."
"The second test is when you are younger and you have to make the most of the opportunities that come with the sport."
"You have to be able to get up and go out and play, but you have to be able to be able to be in the back of the net."
"It's not a full- time job, it's more like a part- time job, and you are getting paid in the region of \u00a3 4, 000 a week."
"If he were to lose, he would be a bit of an unknown for the first time in his life, which is a bit of a relief."
"I don't think it's fair for the government to have to explain why they're having to do this."
"A \u00a3 5, 000 payment is due for the care of one of the victims of the attack, who was later found dead."
"\"If I was in charge, I'd do it now, but I don't know how I would do it,\" he said."
"\"There's a whole lot of work that's going on,\" he says, as he tries to explain to me how he managed to win a championship in the first place."
"We were all so scared, it was like someone was going to kill us, we didn't know what to do."
"I'd be lying if I said I didn't think it would be a real issue with the first debate."
"The club's appeal is being heard by the courts, but it is not clear whether that would be possible without the help of the public interest."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 81, or 4. 3 percent, to $ 12. 30 on Wednesday."
"\"The issue of Zika has got to be front and center in our conversation,\" he said."
"I don't think he understands the nature of the work and the importance of the work and the quality of the work and the desire to do it."
"That's not a bad thing, and it's not even a bad thing if you're a girl, but there's a lot more to it than that."
"We have an opportunity to make a difference in the lives of people in these communities and, hopefully, we can do that in the next two years."
"The contract, which will be offered to junior doctors at the end of the week, will see junior doctors get the right to choose from a range of options."
"The article states that in order to be considered for a trial, a jury must be able to see the video footage."
"A British MP has been named as a judge in the US, according to reports."
"He's not just a great leader, he's also a great coach, and I'm looking forward to seeing him with the rest of the guys."
"The stock's gain is the largest since August, when it was 0. 6 percent, down from a year earlier."
"\"It's a story that is being told across the country and around the world,\" he said."
"It is also a chance for a group of young men to meet up with each other and get to know each other better."
"\"You have to learn to accept that you can't have the whole world, you have to accept that you can't do everything,\" he said."
"\"I've never seen a job that's this bad, and it's been a dream come true for me,\" she says."
"The group has also been criticised for the way it has responded to the explosion, with several members of staff telling the BBC the fire was not a threat to their staff."
"The guy who's been in the team for the last five years, and who is now in the second year, has been very good."
"In the past two years, the number of private- sector jobs added to the economy has grown at an annual rate of nearly 7 percent, according to the Labor Department."
"But the most important thing is to get to the end of the year and do well in the race to win the election."
"\"They are more than capable of being taken out of the country, and I hope they will be taken out of our country,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get a taste of what's to come and see what we can do."
"And if you look at the other places that are in the US, and some of them are quite wealthy, there are very few women in them."
"\"I don't want to take it away from you guys,\" he said of the $ 50, 000 he's paid since leaving the game."
"A statement on the company's website said the sales were down 20% from a year earlier, but more than double the 0. 7% decline seen in the same period last year."
"There are also a number of smaller firms that are not part of the club but are keen to offer the product to their customers."
"We have been on the road a lot, but I know I can play a big role in the team and we have to be ready to take that next step."
"In the last few years, I have been involved in discussions with the Obama administration, including the Russian president."
"'I've been a mother for as long as I can remember, and I'm so grateful that I got to do it."
"The plan is to take the city's road toll from more than 20, 000 in 2015- 16 to less than 10, 000 by 2020."
"But for those who want to go there, the group says they'll wait until the weekend before heading there."
"\"I think it's very important to get the ball rolling and work hard, especially when you're playing in the Premier League,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a matter of whether you want to be a doctor or a politician, but rather what sort of person you are."
"It's not as if they're having a conversation about the world, but it's certainly something that they're going to be able to share with the world."
"He said:'I have been told that the council has been told to make a decision by the next general election."
"\"I would like to think that I'm a good role model, but I'm not,\" she told the audience."
"The maximum sentence for this offence is five years in jail, while the maximum sentence for the other two offences is six months."
"The country's parliament, which had previously passed a law that would have forced the state to pay for the replacement of the nuclear plant, passed a law in May to do so on Wednesday."
"The government has said it will not be making changes to the existing rules to make it harder for companies to keep their jobs."
"\"There are lots of other issues that could be addressed if there is a better deal,\" she said."
"\"I don't want to be the guy who gets the most votes, but I do have a lot of respect for the process,\" he said."
"I don't know what the outcome of the election is going to be, but I know that I'm going to have a good life."
"We're trying to find the right balance between the two of them, and we're trying to find the right balance in terms of what we're trying to do."
"But the fact that we're seeing the kind of changes that we need to see is encouraging,\" she said."
"We have had to do a lot of good things and good things in the last few months and it is time to get on with it."
"\"There is no doubt that we have to be very careful about what we say and do,\" he said."
"It's a pretty big difference for them to have to go through that, because it's a huge difference for them to go through what he's going through."
"It's a big opportunity, I'm not going to get involved in any other club's decision."
"\"They are in the final year of their contract so it's a tough thing to deal with,\" he said."
"The paper says the claims are a \"step in the right direction \"but the numbers are still too low to be true."
"We have now made a commitment to the UK Government to take the necessary steps to ensure that we have a new deal with the European Union."
"The new deal, announced in July, will be worth about \u00a3 7 million a year, up from \u00a3 3. 5 million last year."
"She's only 18 years old and, as with so many young women, she's not ready for a career."
"The idea is to have a little extra space and a bit of space to fit everything into a tiny space and have a little bit of space to have a little bit of fun."
"He had been a fan of the game and it is now a brand new one- of- a- kind event."
"\"We want to make sure that the right person is elected, and that's what we're trying to do,\" he added."
"In fact, the company's main customers are some of the most important players in the market: the U. S., Europe, Japan, China and elsewhere."
"I'm a big fan of the music scene and I think the best way to make music is through the public service."
"And that's what we're doing, we're making sure that our customers get the best deal possible."
"The number of people using mobile phones in the UK is expected to be at an all- time high this year, with more than 7, 000 people using mobile phones."
"The pound fell more than 2 per cent against the dollar after the Brexit vote, and was down 4 per cent on the day after the vote."
"The US had its own version of this, and it was a really good movie, and it was a really good movie, but it was also a really bad movie."
"\"I am so proud of what we achieved this year, I'm proud of what we did last year, I'm proud of how we fought for it,\" he said."
"In other words, what we're seeing in New York City is not the same thing as it was in Washington DC."
"I think we need to go out and try to win this game and we're going to play well and we're going to be in a good position."
"And the New York Times reported that Clinton was asked about the investigation by reporters in a CNN interview in October."
"The announcement came after the company said it will spend $ 9. 5 billion on its software business in the first quarter."
"The private sector is a key driver of the economy, and it has a role to play to help the economy grow."
"The event, which is being held in the capital, has been a popular event for more than a decade."
"I'm in the third season, so I'll be able to work out a bit more of a schedule."
"If you look at the teams in the league, I think it's a lot better than last year."
"\"The first couple of weeks we were a little bit nervous because we hadn't played a lot of football,\" he said."
"I'm still on top of the world, I'm still the best athlete in the world, and I still believe that."
"The US had been trying to get Iran to stop building nuclear weapons for years, but has failed."
"It is unclear if the arrest was related to the probe into Clinton's use of a private email server for official business."
"He said: \"We're not going to be able to say that it is a collapse of the pound but we're not going to be able to say that it's a collapse of the pound and we are not going to be able to"
"\"I don't think it's the right way to do it, and that's why I'm so upset,\" she said."
"It's a story that has become a central theme in the Republican primary season, with the party's presidential candidates in particular facing a renewed scrutiny."
"The singer told People magazine in 2012: \"I'm not going to be in a band that I'm not going to be in."
"The BBC has released a new video which shows how the pair have managed to get their way in the UK."
"The news is in the final stages of development and is being worked on by the city's planning department, he said."
"But when I got there, I was disappointed because I had the opportunity to go out and play for a team and to be in the first team."
"A. The best way to handle the American election is to not engage in any kind of negotiations with anybody."
"He was also the only man in the last couple of years who had ever been the number one."
"\"The president has been clear that he is not interested in a war in Syria,\" he told reporters."
"The bottom line is that our industry is too big to be left alone- and too big to be left behind."
"It's not that we have to think about what we're going to do, it's just that we have to think about it."
"\"I've been in the water for almost 20 years and I've never had any problems,\" he says."
"The first phase of the project will cost around \u00a3 2 million, with the second phase expected to cost around \u00a3 5 million."
"If we don't have a plan and we have no money to make it happen, then we will be in trouble."
"It's not just about how you're going to play on the field ; it's how you're going to be around the field."
"\"I don't think I can do that,\" the star said in an interview with People magazine."
"The club's ticket sales have been falling, but this is a big club, and we want to keep it going."
"The report said the average UK customer had spent \u00a3 12, 000 on their first \u00a3 8, 000 purchase and \u00a3 14, 000 for the next three years."
"The Brumbies have been a consistent winner over a number of years, but this year, they will be challenged to win their first Test series series in more than a decade."
"The British economy is doing well, but what's happening in the US is very different."
"We know that he's not going to change the course of his career, and we're not going to let him."
"She was also one of the first women to be elected to the U. S. Senate in the South Carolina Republican primary."
"A Facebook spokesperson said: \"We are aware of the incident and we are aware of the circumstances surrounding the incident and are looking into the circumstances surrounding the death of a 22- year- old man."
"A. I think that when we're looking at what we're going to do in the next couple of years, we're going to be looking at a lot of different things."
"The timing of the trip, which will be a year apart, is in line with the direction that the U. S. and China are headed."
"But I was looking at my dad and he was saying to me,' This isn't going to work."
"I feel like I've been doing this for a long time and I'm really enjoying it."
"They were also told that the patient had not been in the car at the time and was not at risk of harm."
"\"We've had a really strong start to the season and we've got to play better than we've played in the first half of the season,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much this is going to cost, but I'm not sure it's going to cost me anything."
"The fight for survival was on the cards for the first time on Sunday as the Scottish National Party's (SNP) leadership campaign was put on hold due to a row over the funding of the party's Scottish Affairs campaign."
"The NHS is still struggling to cope with the number of people who need to be admitted to hospital every day."
"They don't believe that there is a political solution to the refugee crisis, that they can get out of the country without having to pay a huge price."
"There's no better time to be a father than when you're pregnant, and if you want to take your child to term, it's going to be pretty hard."
"He is the only coach I've ever known who's ever been able to get a point out of his players."
"I have been involved in a lot of research and research shows that there's a significant increase in obesity and diabetes in the UK."
"The key to this is that there is a minimum of 100 people, and there are a lot of people in the world who are like me."
"If the government had decided to go for the NHS as a priority, it would have been a huge problem."
"I think the important thing is the team can play at a high level, but you can't have a team with a lot of injuries."
"I'd been on the road all summer and I'd just been to the studio and just been working on something else."
"She has since come to the defence of her decision to stay and even calls out the fact that she does not want to make a huge amount of money."
"It's about the players getting on with it and hopefully that will help them get a bit of confidence back and hopefully the team can move forward."
"The striker has yet to feature for the Blues this season, scoring a total of seven goals in his six appearances."
"The bottom line: There is no one single answer for why the United States is winning the race to the White House."
"It's a little bit different than what we've seen in other parts of the world, where the people are more involved."
"He said: \"If I were to say that my friend and I were in a relationship, I wouldn't have said that."
"\"You know, I'm trying to look out for the people in my neighborhood,\" she said."
"It's a bit different for me to play in the Premier League, but I'm going to be playing in the Premier League for the next four to six years."
"I had a little bit of a feeling that I could get a little bit of a taste of it in the future and I think it's pretty good."
"The last thing a team needs is to have the ball on the ground, so if they can't get it on the ground, they're going to have to make a tackle."
"I want to thank the fans for their support over the past few weeks and I'm looking forward to getting back on the court and being on the court with them again."
"The test is to determine if the damage is the result of a car accident, a police officer or a criminal act."
"The court heard that the pair, who were married in the 1990s, had been together for more than 20 years."
"We also have to be careful about how we take care of our children, because they will be very vulnerable."
"\"I am not a bad person, I am not a bad person, and I am not a bad person, I don't think,\" she said."
"Theresa May has warned that Britain could not afford to lose out on the EU if it leaves, warning that the UK could lose out on the EU if it leaves the European Union."
"The government has also said it would step up security at airports and rail stations in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris and Brussels that left 130 dead."
"I think it's one of the most interesting, beautiful things that has ever happened to us, and we're very proud of it."
"He added that he would like to see the minimum wage raised to $ 10 per hour, but it's a step in the wrong direction."
"It's a lot of work but I've got to keep playing and keep getting better at it."
"I feel like that's where we're going to be the best, and that's what I'm going to be trying to do."
"I'm not sure that is the best way to go about it but I'm very proud of what we achieved."
"In fact, it's even more important to remember that when you're a lawyer, you're not representing all the people."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to say it, but I think it's a good idea."
"If you're trying to get a good deal, then you need to be able to get the best deal you can."
"The win would allow the Rams to move into their second consecutive season with a win, and set up a Week 17 game against the Carolina Panthers."
"He said: \"I believe the key to the success of the campaign is the success of the facts and the facts of the case."
"When we started looking at the game, we didn't really have much confidence going into the game, but I think we are improving on that."
"The real question is: What is the best way to get women into the military, and how does it work?"
"\"I am a proud member of the Conservative Party and I am proud to be a Conservative MP,\" she said."
"We can also see that the two groups of people who are in the highest and lowest levels of poverty are very different."
"He is likely to be offered a deal for a third season, but there is a sense that it could be a long time before that happens."
"When I was doing my graduate work in London I was working on the building site so I had to get a bit of experience."
"He was sentenced to five years in prison, but was released in 2013 and has been in custody since."
"\"I have been in touch with my wife, who is also in the hospital with serious injuries, but is in a very stable condition,\" he told the BBC."
"\"I just think that there are so many people that are not in this field and I'm not going to let that happen,\" he said."
"The company was one of the first to launch the iPhone in China, and has since expanded to other markets."
"\"We don't want to play it down,\" he said, \"but we want to be in the tournament."
"\"I want to be able to focus on my work and not on the world I am in, where I am living,\" he said."
"\"I've been a mother for most of my life and I have no idea what's happened to her,\" he said."
"If he is found guilty, he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 1. 5 million fine."
"The thing is, there are other players out there who have been successful in their first two years and they've not had a lot of success in their second."
"\"The one thing that I have learned is that the public should be able to do whatever they want,\" he said."
"\"I'm sure it's going to be a lot of fun,\" he said, adding that he hopes to be part of the team next season."
"The police said they had received a report that a man was shot at about 11: 30 p. m."
"\"It's an exciting time to be involved with the country, to be in the country and to have an opportunity to play a part in it,\" he said."
"The FBI said in a statement that it had received \"no new information \"about the shooting, which occurred on Saturday."
"I'm trying to keep a healthy weight but it's going to be a tough game for us."
"I was the one who took it in and I was really pleased with the result and I think I'll be looking for more of them in the coming years."
"But what I find really interesting is that the study wasn't even done on the people who were most likely to have suffered in the accident."
"In many ways, the new president has the power to make it work, but it's not the one that he's expected to give it."
"He is not a character actor- he is a character actor, and that is the way he is... he is not a character actor and he is not a character actor, he is not a person, he is an actor."
"It was the first time in two decades that a non- Western player had played in the top flight for England."
"'If you've been in the wrong place for too long, you're more likely to end up in jail."
"A separate poll by the British Medical Association last month showed that 65 per cent of people said they were concerned about the NHS's finances."
"And he could, for instance, imagine a world where every day he walked down the street he saw more people than he knew."
"A lot of people in the field have said to me, \"I think it's a good idea for you to be in this position."
"\"It's a very complicated situation, but the idea is that if we can make this work, then we can make this work for all of us,\" he said."
"It's a very different type of country, I don't think there is anything like it."
"I knew I wanted to be there for my son and I could only do that by the end of the day."
"I'm very pleased that I've been able to do that and hopefully the fans will be able to enjoy the game."
"\"It's very important that we don't just protect our own people, but our own communities,\" he said."
"The last time the UK voted to leave the European Union was in 2014, when the country voted in favour of a deal with the EU."
"It was all done to get the latest in technology but I can see why it's such a big deal to be able to do it now."
"I'd been to a lot of events, but I wasn't going to be there with him."
"It was his first time at a club, and he was already close to being sacked by the club, but he was the type of player who was a big part of the team."
"It's a big decision for us, but we're not looking to go for the finals, because we know we have a good chance."
"We're going to be able to do a lot more than just get into the Champions League, and we're going to be able to do a lot more than just win the league."
"I think we've got a pretty good squad and we've got to make sure we keep going."
"If you look at the video, it's not the first time the two have been fighting over a prize."
"I was in the middle of the war, and I was telling the story of how it all came to be, and I said, \"You know, I don't know, I'm not going to tell it."
"\"We are in a situation where the government has to take responsibility for what happened and make sure that we don't repeat what happened,\" he added."
"And we have to deal with this issue of what to do with the people who are not in the best interests of the United States."
"The news comes as the Chinese government announced it would build a second underground rail line to carry people to work in the country."
"She said: \"We have got to make sure we do everything we can to get the best possible result for everyone."
"It is a key part of the UK economy and one that is critical to our long- term growth and to the long- term security of our country."
"We can't do this without you, we can't do this without you, but we have to do it together and we have to do it together because we have a very special bond."
"\"I have a feeling that the other one is going to do the same,\" he said, adding that he would have to accept the conditions if he was to be allowed to return to Italy."
"I think that he has an impact on the game and the way we play and how we approach the game and that's going to be a big factor."
"\"The day after I was elected, I went to a press conference in New York and said I would never vote for someone who had nothing to do with my campaign,\" Trump said."
"\"It's a bit different than when I started, but I'm still very excited about it,\" she said."
"\"We want to be a part of the solution to this problem, but we also want to be part of the solution,\" he told reporters after the meeting."
"It's been a long time coming, and I'm just going to continue to work hard to get better."
"\"The guys on the left are really good, so it's going to be tough for them to go out and play well,\" he said."
"We're just going to wait and see what happens, but we've got to be patient, and we've got to take care of our players and our coaches."
"When you see the things we have to do, we are willing to go there and do something."
"He also said he was \"deeply disappointed \"that the German government has failed to act on the threat of terrorism."
"The company said its mobile phone sales were down in the second quarter of 2016, but it was still well ahead of Apple."
"The company says the two- week trial will take place in early 2018, but the details of the trial and the dates are yet to be determined."
"You can't stay in a job for too long and that's not good for your health."
"You will see this as the first time that a woman has been elected to a US Senate, and the first time that a woman has been elected to a US Senate."
"And we're still working out what the rules are, what they're supposed to be, and how they're supposed to be used."
"\"They are going to be able to get an additional $ 1. 5 million in revenue in the first year,\" he said."
"I think it's a very interesting question and one that's going to take time to answer, because it's very, very hard to answer."
"It's one of those things that you don't get to do for a living, but you do get to do."
"I don't think I've ever seen a person that had a life other than how they lived it."
"\"We've been doing this for a long time, and we're going to do it again,\" he said."
"It's not the first time the Panthers have played the Broncos on the road, but they've been a dominant team."
"But it's not just the three points in the final game that's important to the performance."
"\"There's a lot of people in this room who want to see me on the ballot,\" she said."
"The price of oil has fallen by about 20 percent since the end of the oil price shock in mid- 2014."
"\"It's a big step to get to the level of the Champions League and to win the title,\" he said."
"This will help to ensure that women are given the support they need and not denied the opportunities they have been given."
"It's not about the money, it's about making sure that people who are sick, who are at risk, don't get in trouble."
"You have to have the right people in the right places to do this, but also people who are ready to take on the challenge of climate change."
"We don't want to leave a country that is not the one we want to be in, but we want to be in the one we want to be in."
"The report said there was no evidence that the UK Government had not been aware of the risk to public health posed by the practice."
"\"I know there are other guys who have been through it and I don't know if it's the best way to go about it,\" he said."
"There are a lot of players who are under contract at the end of the season, and the situation is not good."
"It's not just the fact that I have a job, I'm a business owner. I'm a co- owner."
"We have a lot of young players in this group and I'm sure that we can bring in the best players in the world."
"\"He was always a hard worker, a man of integrity and he would never let anybody down,\" she said."
"I think if you don't have a strong community, you're not going to be able to protect the community."
"He was a good player, he was a good horse and he was in the best shape of his life and he's still here."
"A witness who was watching the moment the plane made the impact said the man was able to jump out of the plane and then crash- land."
"We're going to be talking about it more in the next few weeks, because it's important."
"He has said he will not raise taxes, and he has made it clear that he will not support the Republican nominee."
"The Lakers are still in the thick of things, but they're more than ready to put together a championship."
"The former New York mayor, who is seeking re- election in 2018, was widely expected to win the nomination."
"The last time we were there, we did get a little bit of help, and we were a little bit down in the end, but we were a little bit better than the first one."
"'It's a huge project and it's something that I've been really excited about for a while."
"\"We're not going to get him any way, shape or form in the league,\" he said."
"A report by the Transport Safety Bureau said the pilot had been flying a drone on the ground since January."
"I think it's important to say something about the way we play and the way we play, but I think we have to look at that more closely, and see how we can better support those who have lost hope and how we can better"
"He is a fantastic coach and I am looking forward to working with him over the next few months."
"The council said it will be working with the Government to find a solution to the problem and will give us the best possible opportunity to do so."
"The two sides are facing off in the opening round of the Champions League on Thursday night, but the winner of the group stage will play in the final of the competition on Sunday."
"\"I've been very clear that if there's any thing we can do about it, I will do it,\" he said."
"\"I don't know why the government is saying it's not going to happen,\" he said."
"The poll also shows the former secretary of state with a 15- point lead over Trump among likely voters."
"\"I think it's just like anyone else and I don't think it's fair for anyone else to be held to account,\" she said."
"\"It's not the first time I've had to deal with this kind of situation,\" he said."
"I have worked with him for many years and he has been a great friend to me and my family."
"The new poll shows that just 17 percent of voters say they are more likely to vote for Trump if the election were held today, compared to 32 percent who say they are more likely to vote for Clinton."
"But there are people out there who think we should do more to support the people who are most in need of help."
"The firm has raised $ 2 million from investors who are interested in buying a stake in the company."
"The car was taken into police custody on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and possession of a dangerous weapon."
"\"I was just a little bit concerned,\" she said, adding that she hoped the children would be able to go to school."
"We didn't do anything wrong, we were in the right place at the right time and we just wanted to play our game."
"They have to take a different approach, and that's what we need to do,\" he said, referring to the debate over immigration."
"\"I am a very positive person and I hope the Prime Minister will be a positive person in the future as well,\" he said."
"There's a lot of good players in the Premier League and I've seen some of those players perform really well."
"The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed at least 31 people, including several journalists."
"They were back at the club in December and were sent off in January, but when they got back to training in February, they had a chance to play again."
"The fire department said the man was in a stable condition in a local hospital and that he was expected to survive."
"She said she is \"very upset \"and \"totally shocked \"that a 19- year- old student could have done this to her."
"The party's biggest supporter, the party's biggest supporter, and the party's biggest supporter in Florida, the most- likely winner in the primary, has been on the defensive."
"The most important thing to remember about Trump is that he is an independent, not a businessman."
"\"I don't think that's a good idea to have a system where you don't know what you're getting into,\" he said."
"In his speech, Obama urged Americans to focus on the issues that matter to them: the economy, the war on drugs, and the economy's ability to handle the threat of terrorism."
"The other two children are said to be in the care of their parents, and have been living in the country for more than three years."
"\"I had a lot of fun doing it, but it just got to be a lot of fun,\" she said."
"The Chinese government has taken a more active role in the Middle East, where the country's economy is much stronger than it was a decade ago."
"\"I don't think there was any question of the possibility of him being sent back to Turkey,\" he said."
"She was a very positive mother, but she wasn't the only one who had this problem."
"I think it's a shame that the Premier League is putting so many players who are very good at the game at a point in their careers where they are not playing."
"I can't believe that he's still here, and I think he's the best candidate for the job."
"The app has been around for a long time and has been a huge part of my life for the last five years."
"\"It's a very difficult situation to be in, especially when you have been in such a great position for so long,\" the former player said."
"\"There's a lot of time to come, and you're never going to see me play,\" he said."
"We're always going to be trying to get better and better and better and better and better, and hopefully we'll be a lot better next year."
"The yield on the 10- year Treasury note rose to 2. 25 percent from 1. 25 percent a day earlier."
"\"I just think it's time to wake up and start acting,\" he said, adding that he has already been contacted by several clubs in the area."
"The bus driver who was killed in the crash, who was standing next to the driver when the truck crashed, said he was afraid that it would be his last."
"And yet, they will have to wait until after they win, because they have to win just three games to get there."
"The reality is that there are a lot of people who don't like me, and that's not a good thing."
"She added that she was \"shocked \"by the death of her sister, who died on July 10, but has been \"very lucky \"in her recovery."
"It's unclear if the test will be completed at the current time, but the company has said it plans to test the device in a small group of patients."
"It was not immediately clear how the incident could be linked to the deadly bombing of a Christmas market in Berlin in November last year."
"A man who was shot dead in his home state of Indiana was shot and killed while trying to leave the scene of an armed robbery, authorities said on Tuesday."
"You can't imagine that I would have to change a few things, but I've just got to keep going."
"He said he was still being treated for a serious injury and was expected to be released from the hospital on Wednesday."
"But when it comes to people who don't have a job, they can't afford to pay for their own healthcare."
"\"I don't know how it was possible for him to do that, and he didn't,\" she said."
"The Prime Minister's office declined to comment on the BBC's legal argument, but the court has been playing a key role in the proceedings."
"She added: \"It is important to note that the EU's commitment to open access to the single market remains a commitment of the British government."
"The state's overall unemployment rate stood at 5. 8 percent, down from 6. 2 percent in July."
"The federal government has announced a plan to build a new housing project on the site of the former Central Station."
"The story goes that a young woman named Charlotte, who was born in the U. S. but has lived in the country for decades, came to the U. S. in 2004."
"The primary is a very close one, so you need to be prepared to be a little bit in the thick of things."
"But I think it's a different kind of violence, because the women who are involved are really innocent, and it's not just about women."
"The Rams were 2- for- 4 (4 yards, 1 carry) in the first quarter and scored four times."
"But we have a lot of people who are in the military and feel that the military is not the solution to this problem."
"In the early stages of the presidential election, many Americans are worried about the impact of the election on their lives."
"And now, in the middle of the season, it's a matter of whether it's going to be a little bit better or it's going to be a little bit worse."
"\"It's not a question of \"I'm going to go and do something,\" it's a question of how long it will take to get there,\" she said."
"\"I'm so proud of my teammates, they're all so proud of me,\" he said."
"But the commission said it was not yet ready to take action, saying it could take a year or longer to decide on the appropriate measures."
"It is believed that there are at least 40 people in the town who were detained and who will be questioned by police."
"And the higher the cost, the more likely it is that you'll pay a premium to get a better deal."
"But I think we've got to be able to be able to win games, and that's what we're going to be able to do."
"\"If you're going to play at a high level, you have to play on the same team and if you don't play on the same team then it's not going to work,\" he said."
"I would say that when it comes to gender politics, the United States has a very, very strong position."
"\"I have to say I'm not going to give up on him, I'm not going to give up on him,\" he said."
"It's not something I've had to do with, but it's something I have to deal with and I've got to deal with."
"The government is working with other civil society organisations and social movements in the UK to address these concerns."
"The former prime minister has been in Brussels for meetings with EU leaders and will travel to the UK on Monday for a three- day visit."
"It's a very good thing, and it's one I think we should do in the future, because it will give us a good idea of how the world is going to work."
"It is a case of being caught between two different parties, but as long as you don't get caught then you're fine."
"I don't know where he got his ideas, but it's hard to find a place where he's got them."
"He has been suspended from the NSW Police Service for a total of eight months after being charged with assault, dangerous driving and dangerous driving while drunk."
"But the court heard that he was also \"in the business of getting people to pay for the goods they were buying and selling,\" and that he had also bought some of the weapons used in the attacks."
"We're not going to stop doing what we're doing, we're going to continue to do what we're doing and we're going to make sure we're doing everything we can to support our communities and our children."
"The baby was born at 12: 42 on Sunday, February 19, 2014, but the baby was taken away from him after he was found to have severe head trauma."
"The BBC has contacted the victims for comment and will update this article if we hear back."
"The total number of prisoners being held in the prison system, which is now at 2. 5 million, is at a record high."
"I don't know why they would do that, but you have to have a great group of people in there to help us."
"\"I think the only way that we can do that is to change the way that we are trained and that we are a part of the global game,\" he said."
"The woman, who is not being named, said the woman had not asked for permission for the police to take the child away."
"In his statement, Mr. Trump said he would not \"totally destroy \"the United States, but he would do so at a time when the country was suffering from the worst economic crisis since World War II."
"It's hard to imagine that Trump is going to take this up as a serious campaign issue- and it may not be for some time."
"\"It's not that there's a lack of talent, it's that there's a lack of understanding,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that's a good idea,\" Trump said at the rally in Wisconsin."
"The post had been shared by thousands of other people, and many of them had been posting about the incident on social media."
"The impact of the decision on the island's tourism industry is still being examined, the spokesman added."
"The Prime Minister has said that if he were to become leader, the UK would have a role in the EU."
"It is a long way from home, and it is not clear where the money will go, and the question is how much it will go for."
"The United States is the only major country to have been in the same position for two years, after a period of economic uncertainty."
"It is now a matter of months until the government has a clear idea of how it will respond to the SNP Government's consultation."
"She said she was having \"a very good day,\" but said she was \"very scared \"because she was \"not sure what to do \"with her life."
"This is a young team, and it's a young squad, and I'm sure they'll be disappointed."
"The decision to cut the number of councils that are not in the top 10 is not a one- off."
"We've got a lot of young players, and I've got to give credit to the younger guys who have done so well."
"They are the same people who would have been the only ones to lead the United States in World War II."
"\"If you're running for president, I'm going to put a dollar amount on it,\" Trump said at the Republican convention."
"If you have the right to vote and you want to put your life and your own body at risk, then you should be able to do it."
"\"They're trying to prove that I'm not a bad person, that I'm not a bad person who wants to hurt people,\" she said."
"But we have to take the chance and I think that's what we're doing and we can't afford to do that."
"In a press release, the Trump campaign said the businessman would be \"fully engaged \"in the Democratic primary, adding that the campaign would be \"fully engaged \"in the November race."
"I think that's a bit of a shame because I am in a great place but I'm not going to be able to do the things I want to do."
"They are going to have to do something to change the way we think about how we treat people who are homeless."
"\"I think we can be more optimistic about the future than we are today,\" he said, adding that he is \"very optimistic \"about the direction of the region."
"And in the final, we don't know how long he'll last, and the jury is still out on whether he'll be able to be the centre of the match."
"In the past, the man's brother, a British citizen, had been given asylum in the country and his passport had been seized."
"\"It's a little bit like how the four- way war works, in which four nations take on the same task,\" he said."
"\"I will be a long- term partner, and I'll be doing what I can to make sure that we have a successful marriage,\" she said."
"If you're not really into that, you can spend a little bit of time reading up on what it's like to be a kid."
"\"I just wanted to make sure that people understood that this was the right thing to do and that we had to be careful,\" she said."
"I was sitting on the bench and he hit me with a ball, and I got off the ground and I was like, I'm so lucky!"
"\"We are committed to working with all parties to address this issue and we will work with the government to find a solution,\" he said."
"It's just a matter of what happens with the show and the characters, and I'm really excited about it."
"The six- year- old, who has been in a long- term relationship, said:'I'm so scared that I will lose my baby."
"A US- led coalition of more than 40 countries has been bombing Islamic State (IS) targets in Iraq and Syria for more than a year."
"\"If you want to be in the top flight of soccer, you have to have a good team,\" he said."
"If you're not sure, ask your doctor or health care professional about the symptoms you're experiencing and discuss them with them."
"In a phone call with reporters, the leader of the anti- government opposition party, he said the government had not promised any new spending and that he would not be speaking to reporters."
"The family of a man who has died in a car crash has called for the driver of the other car to be arrested."
"\"You're not going to have the same pressure on the left, or the right, or even the center of the field,\" he said."
"The president- elect has previously expressed support for the nuclear deal, and has called for a delay in the process of leaving the EU."
"They are only allowed to bring up to six children into the home, but they can bring up to two children into the home at any time."
"The company is now looking at other ways to cut costs and give it a competitive advantage, it said."
"He said: \"There is a clear trend in the UK economy since the financial crisis that is towards the economy of the bottom."
"\"We are disappointed that the company did not take action to protect the privacy and security of our customers,\" he said."
"\"It is not my intention to make any statement, but I will make it clear that this is a very serious matter and I will not be taking any further action,\" the source told the paper."
"The first case of Zika virus that has been reported in the US was in January, but it is unclear if the infection is spreading to other parts of the world."
"He has spoken about the need for a \"one world government \"that would give people the chance to be themselves in the EU."
"The rules on refugees are different, but they are all about helping people who need help and not just those who need help."
"But, as I said, we're all looking forward to seeing what's next for the team."
"He's a great player and I'm sure he'll be a great player for the next few years."
"It's not just about me being the best player in the world, but I'm also the best coach in the world and I want to help other players."
"The fact that we have been in this position, it's not like we're going to sit around and wait."
"The media and the police are not interested in the truth, and it's a disaster for the country."
"The group said it was monitoring the situation in the area, which it said was among the worst in the region."
"He said the two men had been fighting in Syria for a year and had been living in the same apartment."
"The ACT government has also said the study will show that it is better to cut carbon emissions than to invest in a new energy infrastructure."
"\"We're not going to be able to compete with the best teams in the world,\" he added."
"\"I can't say that I can't have a good time with my family,\" he said."
"It was a good night for us, we are a big club and we are confident we can get through to the semi- finals."
"In his post, he wrote: \"There is no doubt that we must do more to reduce the burden on children and families."
"He told reporters:'The most important thing is that we can get a ceasefire in place and then we can get a peace deal in the country."
"I have no idea if it is the woman who has been raped, or whether she is in the house, or the man who was in the house."
"I would never have given up my faith, but I know that I will have to live with it for a long time."
"The former president's wife, who was also on the show, did not appear in the episode, and the pair did not return messages left by The Post seeking comment."
"You know, you think I'm going to get that call and they're going to send me out to go get a lawyer."
"The teenager was last seen in the early hours of the morning on Friday, the day before she was reported missing."
"\"I think we have got to be able to focus on the problems, the problems that we're facing,\" he said."
"He said:'It's really important to me that people understand that the organisation has given me this opportunity."
"The pair were pictured together in their bedroom, and she told the jury that she thought about him for a long time."
"\"The fact is that this is the biggest single issue that I've raised with the police,\" he said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times."
"In a statement, the company said it was \"optimistic \"about the outlook for the year ahead and would be \"fully engaged and focused \"in the coming months."
"He was also spotted driving the car that was seen in the video, which has been viewed more than 700, 000 times."
"I would like to think I can play in the Champions League next season, but I can't."
"He was one of the few people who could have played it, and I am sure he would have loved it."
"The man was taken to the hospital and later died of his injuries, the district attorney's office said."
"I'm the only one who can tell you that the people who are fighting for the peace and justice for all of us, are fighting for you."
"The new guidelines will include a list of the three essential things to do if you are feeling particularly stressed."
"In September, the government agreed to fund a pilot project to test the technology in rural areas."
"And I think that's what we're going to see in the next couple of years."
"When they say the deal's a tough sell, it's because the US is willing to pay for it."
"\"We've been very clear that the United States is not going to let Russia go to war,\" he said."
"We are here to say that we are here for people and that if we don't get the support, we will be defeated."
"If you're going to take a risk, you've got to take the risks and you've got to take the risks, and I think that's what we've got to do."
"If you're like me, you're not sure where to start- and I think that's something that I'm very proud of."
"But for us, we're just getting to know each other and have fun,\" she said."
"There is no question that the challenges and challenges we face today, we will continue to face in the years to come."
"\"I'm not sure why he would do that, but he was working for a company that was very successful,\" he said."
"The only way to get the best deal is to put the money in the right places- and that includes the minimum wage."
"The long- term trend is that the UK will be the UK, not the US, and that is what we are going to do."
"It is a big game, it is a big team, and I don't think we have got the right mix for it."
"I was having dinner with a friend and we had a drink in the evening, so I had a few drinks with the guys."
"The first thing that I did was to make sure that it was a good event and I'm very grateful to have been able to get that."
"If there's a character who needs a lot of work, he should have a great story that he can tell."
"The amount of money that he has left over to fund his plans is going to be crucial to the outcome."
"But I think we're a really good team and we have the ability to do a lot of things in the short term."
"The campaign is still very much a long way away, but we're getting closer, and we're excited to get on the trail with Hillary Clinton and the rest of the Democratic Party."
"The mother- of- one is believed to be in the UK and the baby is believed to be in Australia."
"But, in the long run, it's important that we get this right- and we will."
"That's a big difference in the way I approach the game and the way I approach the coaching staff and the players."
"A spokesman for the commission said it was investigating allegations that the programme was not properly implemented and that it was not safe."
"The report also said the number of people who have been treated for cancer in the UK rose from 11. 2 million in 2010 to 13. 3 million in 2015, a rise of 14 per cent."
"The move has not been formally announced, but the company is expected to announce it on Wednesday."
"It's not that you can't get a job, it's that the job is so important that you can't take it."
"I am sure it is not the best way to deal with this problem and it is not the way to deal with any other issue."
"We have to get rid of him because he is the first to go but we have to get rid of him because he is the best player on the team."
"She had given her husband a phone number that he could call and he called her from the hospital, and told her she was in trouble."
"I don't think I can be proud of what I did- it was a big achievement and a big part of my life."
"\"I think it's a great example of what can happen when you start out with a lot of cash,\" he said."
"I don't think it's fair to say that the way he's treated people has changed in any way that is, I think, of any concern."
"\"I'm a big fan of the idea that you can't just put a flag on the ground and say you've got a problem,\" he said."
"\"It's a very, very difficult decision, but I think it's a good decision,\" he said."
"\"He has been my friend for the last 10 years and I have had a great relationship with him,\" he said."
"I've been in and out of the U. K. for the past couple of years, so I know the language well."
"We're at a stage now where we need to get back on track, and if we do that we're at a stage where we can do something to get back into the game."
"But in the run- up to the Olympics, some athletes have been allowed to leave the country to go to the United States."
"They are also the most popular route for migrants arriving from the Middle East, with a daily rate of 1, 000 euros."
"When you're a coach you can't just do that, you have to be a part of it and help others."
"As I have said before, I am not a fan of the current leader of the party, Jeremy Corbyn."
"The main reason I think I'm a better player than I was last year is that I'm playing a lot better than I did last year, which is probably the reason I'm in this position."
"The same is true of people who have been in the business for a number of years, or who have been in the business for a number of years, and they have a very good sense of the business."
"It is thought that the boys were told that if they put in a bit of work, they could be selected for selection into the squad."
"\"I don't think it's something we've been thinking about,\" he said of the Clinton campaign."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 1 million penalty and that the company would pay $ 1. 5 million in back taxes."
"But I've come to appreciate that you can't really get too attached to your time with a movie."
"The report also found that many of those who don't use their phones regularly are simply not aware of the problem."
"I am not a politician, and I am not running for president, but I am a very conservative, very conservative person."
"He said he had been \"extremely concerned \"about the \"low level \"of weapons that he had received from his home."
"As you may have noticed, we have a couple of new polls out on Tuesday that are more positive than we anticipated."
"But it's a story that can be told, and that's a good thing,\" said the actor in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter."
"\"I think it's a great idea to talk about the future of the club, the future of our football club and the future of the club,\" she said."
"I think it's going to be a very, very difficult game to win, but it's going to be a very tough game to win."
"It's hard to be a star player in the Premier League and not be a part of it, so it's just a good opportunity to come back and play in the Premier League again."
"It's an exciting time of year and we are looking forward to getting started this weekend."
"We had an opportunity to go to the Olympics and I had to go to the Games but I was not going."
"\"I think that's what it's about: We want to make sure that everyone has access to the same resources,\" he said."
"The City Council had already approved the move in January, but that will now be delayed until February."
"'It's a great idea, but there's a lot of people who are not in the business,' he said."
"We are determined to ensure that these children are treated the same as all other children in the care system, including our own."
"The Prime Minister's office said he would be a member of the next government in the UK and would be supported by his wife."
"It's great to be in a team with them and we're just happy to be in a group."
"But the number of people who've made the switch is much smaller than it would be if they had to pay for the initial cost of the new system."
"But for some people, that's a sign they aren't ready to get out of bed."
"The most important thing is that we have a good relationship with the European Union, and we have an agreement with the European Union that we are going to respect it."
"The top one- year- olds were given a five- year term to run, while the bottom one- year- olds were given a three- year term to run."
"The government said it would support the opposition in a May 23 referendum, but it has yet to confirm whether it will vote to leave the EU."
"The billionaire businessman has been at the center of a controversy over his ties to Russian officials and ties to President Vladimir Putin."
"\"I've never felt more confident in my ability to protect my children,\" she said, adding that she was also pleased by the fact that she had reached the age of 14."
"But the task of ensuring that the market is going in a direction that's healthy for the industry is the responsibility of the government."
"The 29- year- old, who works as a digital marketing manager, said she had \"a lot of respect \"for Mr Cameron."
"\"I think they're the best players in the world, and I think they're the best players in the world to go up against,\" he said."
"I've never been to a game before and it's just nice to be back home with the same crowd that was behind us."
"I think it is a little bit different to what it is in the U. S. but it's still a very strong market."
"The best way to look at this is that it's not the money- making that matters, it's the performance."
"The idea is to give your baby the right environment and the right food and water, and then you can start to do your own research."
"It's the first time we've been back for a game since we got back in the league in October and we played a lot of football there."
"But it's a matter of how we go about that, and I don't think that's going to change in the long term."
"I thought I was going to be beaten by the crowd, and then I got a bit of a break and we were able to get the win."
"\"The police officers that I've met, they don't know how to protect themselves,\" she said."
"If you do what I do and you don't make a deal, I'm not going to do it."
"\"He said to the police that he wanted to kill her, and they told him to get out of the car,\" she said."
"The San Francisco police chief's office said Friday it has received the report of the shooting but would not provide details."
"\"I don't know if I can speak for the players, but I feel that we can compete with the best in Europe,\" he said."
"\"We're trying to do the right thing, but we're not going to be perfect,\" he told reporters at the White House."
"The world's most popular e- cigarettes, sold in the US and UK, will go on sale in Australia and New Zealand."
"It's just a matter of time until we see the outcome of the primaries, but I think the voters want to see it in a more positive way."
"If we can't get a deal done we're not going to have the kind of support we need to get the economy moving again."
"There's no question that the Government's budget will be worse than the Coalition's- but this is not a problem for Labor."
"But it's a good thing that, in the end, I have a bit of luck in this race."
"\"We've been at this for a long time now and I think it is the right time for us to be doing that,\" he said."
"\"I've got a lot of friends and family who are homeless, and they don't like my music,\" he said."
"The Government has offered to set the date, but there is a problem: no one is willing to pay up front."
"\"I've been in the office and I've done things, and I've got to do them,\" he says."
"But the message is clear: don't let politics take you out of your life- and that's exactly what we're here to do."
"\"I think the only reason why we're in this position is because we're the best team in the league,\" said the captain."
"He said:'The safety of the public has been our number one priority and we are working closely with the police and other agencies."
"When I first came into the country, I didn't know what I was doing and it was difficult to talk to anybody."
"\"We have to find a way to make the biggest deal we can for the British people,\" he said."
"In its first quarter of 2016, the company reported revenue of $ 13. 1 billion, up from $ 9. 1 billion the year before."
"The company is expected to report the results by the end of the second half of 2016."
"It's not just about me, it's about all the people who are trying to do the right thing."
"I don't know if that's a good thing or not, but it's good to have some new guys in the team."
"\"If they are not going to take care of their own, they should take care of their own, and they should have their own health care,\" he said."
"\"He's a young man who's been playing for the country for 10 years and has always had a passion for the game,\" she said."
"The group's latest survey showed that 39 percent said they had been exposed to some kind of illegal drug or alcohol in the past year."
"I think it's more important to look at the diversity of our country's government and how it can help us."
"This will be the first time that the UK Government has officially expressed its views on the referendum on the independence of the Scottish Parliament."
"The 33- year- old had been a captain of the side for 13 years and had been manager for seven, having been sacked as manager of Manchester City in 2010."
"The first time I heard about it was when I was in the news, and I was like, \"What a wonderful thing to happen."
"We have to be very careful with the level of corruption we're seeing in this country and we have to be very careful with the level of corruption we're seeing in this country."
"It has been one of the most significant days of the year and I'm very pleased with the way it has turned out."
"He said:'We have seen a lot of pressure on the government to do what it is doing in the last two years."
"The senator, who has been one of Trump's most consistent supporters, made the remarks on ABC's \"This Week \"in a series of tweets on Monday night."
"It is, of course, a shame, as the post- Brexit world is full of people who think they are doing things for the benefit of the EU."
"We will continue to work closely with the local communities and support staff who work in this area to ensure the safety and security of our residents."
"The referendum campaign will focus on how the British people vote on 23 June, with the campaign to remain in the EU due to run for another two weeks."
"If the Government's plans to increase the cost of housing and education are to succeed, it is vital that the public sector provides the support and support that is needed to make this happen."
"I'm not sure that there's a person out there who would feel the same way about Donald Trump."
"They have the capacity, the knowledge to create and they are ready to go to the next level."
"He's a big part of the team and it's great for us to have him on board, but he's still got a long way to go."
"The Government has to make sure the people of the UK have the choice to choose their own future."
"The agency's review of the agency's work in the past year shows that there is no clear cut approach to what is required to be done in the wake of the Paris attacks."
"\"I'm not sure how much of it I'm getting at, but it's definitely a very positive thing,\" she said."
"\"We're still going to have to make sure we keep moving forward with the plan,\" he said."
"\"It's a lot of fun to go to and a lot of fun to be part of, and to be able to be a part of something that's going to be so great,\" he said."
"'We will talk about this at the next meeting and I think it's fair to say that we have had a very good experience."
"But if I was to find out that the man had died and I had a great opportunity to help him, I would never have been able to say no."
"As far as I'm concerned, it was a great experience, a great team effort and a great opportunity for me to play."
"I don't think that's a very good thing, but if I was in the room and I saw that, I'd be like, I'm not going to do it."
"\"We are not going to be able to say what we have been saying for a long time,\" he said."
"The announcement of the funding comes after the Scottish Government announced a \u00a3 1 million- a- year grant for the city's health service."
"\"I was always really concerned about what would happen if I didn't win the championship,\" he said."
"The amount of money that we spend on housing is more than we spend on education or food or transport."
"The court heard that he had gone to his mother's house on the night of the attack to find the girl dead."
"The arrest came as the Turkish army and Kurdish militants attacked Kurdish forces in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo on Friday."
"A spokeswoman for the city said she could not comment on the report because the investigation was ongoing."
"We have been able to get the phone numbers of people who have been affected by the tragedy and we are appealing for anyone who has information to contact us."
"The number of people leaving the UK is expected to fall in the second half of the year, according to the report."
"The report also found that more than half of the cases of child abuse in the UK are committed by people aged between 18 and 24."
"\"It's really a big thing, but it's a very, very small thing, and it's very much in the family,\" he said."
"The most important thing to me is that we're not going to get it in the way of other people."
"She was taken to hospital, where she was later told she would be released from the hospital on Thursday, but not before being taken to the care of a medical staff member."
"I think the most important thing for me is to make sure I'm not in a situation where I'm just sitting there."
"This is a fantastic opportunity for us to get back to business as usual and get back to a very good record."
"\"I think we've got to get a lot of work done to get that level of competition and to get back to where we were at last year,\" he said."
"He was sentenced to eight years in prison on Thursday, and was released on $ 1. 5 million bail."
"A family friend of the couple told the AP they had no idea the two had been in the house at the time."
"The prime minister said the new \"passport \"will be issued in the next few months, although he did not provide details on how much it would cost."
"The Supreme Court's ruling on the case could have a significant effect on the federal appeals courts that decide the case."
"He added that the attack was \"a very big blow \"to the organisation's reputation and that he was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision."
"There are a number of steps we need to take to ensure that we are not turning our backs on the people who have the power to decide our future."
"The study found that a child with a genetic disorder may not be at risk for developing it."
"\"I'm not going to give up, I'm going to do everything I can to get to the playoffs,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to make sure that we don't just stay out of it, we have to make sure we're going to be able to do the job that we're supposed to do and win this game,\" he said."
"The government is expected to announce a new tax rate for the first time in its history, with the top rate rising from 25 per cent to 33 per cent."
"I think it's more important to get a job, a home and a job, than just a short career."
"And if you're thinking about going to college, you're probably thinking about saving money for the future, and that's the worst thing you can think of."
"In the past, he has been quoted saying that the EU should not be so important that it is not worth fighting for."
"We need to be better about letting other people know that it's OK to get a hold of us."
"We know that, if we keep winning, we will do well in the next few games but it's not going to be easy."
"The University of Texas, Austin, is a top- ranked public university, and it is the only university in the country to have a student body with a combined population of more than 500, 000 students."
"The US- led coalition has been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since mid- 2014."
"We need to continue to move forward and we have to do it this year, so we have to get better and better."
"We're not in a position where we're going to have the same number of people who want to vote for us."
"We can't be left to guess what will happen in the next few days, but I know that this is a good start."
"The government's plan to take in 1 million Syrian refugees from the camps will be put to MPs on Monday."
"\"I think that's something that I've got to work on, that I'm going to work on,\" he said."
"The Chancellor has said he is determined to get the deal done, but is unlikely to give the green light to his colleagues to back it."
"\"I've got to be honest, I don't think I'm going to be in this race at all,\" he said."
"The number of police officers and soldiers serving in the UK is expected to rise by 1, 000 by 2020."
"\"I'm not sure I'm ready to go to the Olympics, but I'm still going to be looking for a way to win a gold medal,\" he said."
"The EU has said it will be \"very careful \"over its plans to leave the bloc, with an official saying it will discuss the issue with Turkey."
"\"I think the fact that it's been over the past few days, and it's been over the past few weeks, has made me realize that I have to get better,\" he said."
"She said: \"I was very excited when I got the call saying I had been married for three years, and I'd been working for a long time."
"\"It is not only an issue for the people of the state of Queensland, it is a matter for the government,\" she said."
"It's good that the people who have been working hard for the last four years are getting paid a little less than the people who are working, but it's also a good sign that things are improving."
"I don't know what the hell he is talking about, but I am so scared of him."
"It is understood that the shop will close in mid- April, but the retailer is not expected to announce any changes until the end of the year."
"I'm going to keep saying that I think I'm the best player in the world and I'm going to continue to put in the hours I have to play."
"He was originally convicted of second- degree murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2004, but the state Supreme Court ruled that the sentence was too harsh."
"A lot of the stuff he's done and what he's going to do, it's not going to be easy."
"\"I have no doubt that the conditions will be better in the future,\" he said, adding that the country will take part in the Olympic Games in 2020."
"The problem is that if the president- elect is serious about changing the world, he needs to start by changing the world first."
"The first of these is the winter holidays, which are usually celebrated in June, July and August."
"The company's stock has fallen in value in the past year, and it has already lost more than $ 1 billion in the last year."
"I'm not saying there isn't a case to be made for it, but if you look at the whole field of potential candidates, you can't put too much stock in one person's performance."
"They have been banned for three years and fined \u00a3 20 for using a mobile phone to send text messages."
"They have a very good history, but they have also got a lot of problems that need to be addressed, and I'm just not there yet."
"The Department of Health said it would not be able to meet the deadline imposed by the government, which had proposed a new 10- day period."
"You might be thinking of a way you could make your life better, and I have the ability to do that."
"But I don't think there's any doubt that the people who are going to be running the government are going to be very concerned about that."
"And I think we all know that I'll have to get my legs together and get ready for the big game."
"I think it's a good thing that people who are at risk of having an infection are taking care of themselves."
"And there are some things that we could be doing to help with that, but I don't think we should be doing that."
"\"I feel like I am a different person than I am before and I'm not going to go back,\" he said."
"\"We will work closely with the police, the local authority, and the council to ensure that no one is hurt,\" she said."
"This is why we have so many of them, because they are young and they are feeling it, and it's a shame they are not being taken seriously."
"I'm a huge fan of the US- based arts scene, so it's been a great experience to be part of it and to be able to show my support."
"The security services have a responsibility to protect the public and to the community, but they have to do it in a way that is appropriate."
"That's because they're often used in high- risk situations, such as when a car is at risk of collision."
"\"I can't see how I can be in a position where I can't control the process or make a decision,\" he said."
"It is a piece of history that will always be remembered, but the past is not the same as the future."
"\"We're doing all we can to get the best possible results for all of our users,\" he said, as cited by Reuters."
"\"I don't want to make a judgment about what's going on with the economy,\" he said."
"The market is going to do the same thing again, and there's a lot of risk involved."
"It's a lot easier to get a book deal than a job, and it's easy to get a good salary."
"There are a lot of things that we can't control, and we're going to do something about them."
"If you're reading this, you know I'm not a politician, but I'm a writer, so I'm probably not going to make a career out of it."
"\"If I were to have been in the White House, I'd be afraid to take any of my kids,\" he said."
"The results of a study published in the British Medical Journal are in a new study suggesting that men are more likely to be diagnosed with cancer than women."
"He was sentenced to eight years in prison and ordered to pay a fine of $ 2, 500 for each count."
"They will also be the first to be able to vote in the referendum on whether Britain should remain in the European Union."
"I'm not sure I'll be able to play this year, but I'm confident I'll be ready."
"But it's clear that a large majority of Americans don't believe that the United States is on the wrong track."
"\"I've been to every state in the country, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he told reporters at the State Department."
"We want to keep our players in the best possible condition and we have to keep working hard to keep improving, but at the same time I am very happy that we have got a chance to go to the next stage."
"I think if you look at the players we've got here, it doesn't matter if you're a striker, a defender, a midfielder, a striker."
"As well as his wife and daughter, who died in hospital, he also had two daughters and a son."
"It was a great experience and one that I've been lucky enough to play in a lot of my matches."
"In a sign that the economy is set to recover in the wake of the Brexit vote, the number of people who want to work increased by a third."
"The man's death is not being treated as suspicious and police have yet to release any information on the circumstances of his death."
"The two countries have been under fire for their close ties with China, which has been the source of a lot of tension in the region."
"It's a case of how do you get out of the way and just go in there and play, and if it works, do you go in there?"
"This is a good opportunity for us to get our plan right and give them a chance to go after the type of athletes that we want."
"It's just about wanting to do something with a team that I think is going to be a great place for me."
"The plan calls for the number to be cut in half, and says it will be implemented in the next few weeks."
"In the first quarter of this year, the UK was the only country in the EU with a GDP of more than \u00a3 40 billion, and the second in the EU with a GDP of over \u00a3 100 billion."
"The company said it had raised $ 42. 5 million in the first quarter, bringing its total funding to $ 44. 5 million."
"The Australian dollar rose on the news that the Federal Reserve is holding back its interest rate hike in the wake of Donald Trump's election victory."
"\"I'm going to keep trying to get it right, because I think I've done the best I can,\" he said."
"We have to make sure that we have a system in place that's fair to all of our employees, that's fair to all of our shareholders, and that's the way we've been doing this for a long time."
"\"It's just a shame that we didn't do anything with it,\" said the 32- year- old."
"In fact, he's spent the past few days talking about how he feels about the whole thing."
"The Giants have not won a road game since 2012, when they swept the Detroit Lions in the NFL Championship Game."
"The bill also provides the FBI with access to personal information about anyone it thinks it has a \"high- level \"of confidence about."
"I think they're a very good team and they'll get a lot of credit for that, but I think it's a great atmosphere."
"\"It's not something that I want to do, but I'm sure that if he's going to have to do it, I'll have to do it,\" he said."
"This is a short- term thing for the government to do, but if it's a long- term thing then it's going to have to be done."
"He had been in a state of shock after the first night of the election, when he was asked about a series of issues."
"But when it comes to the way it is used, the video doesn't actually show it."
"The state's Republican governor, Scott Walker, has said he will not seek re- election to the U. S. Senate."
"\"I don't want to be the guy that gets asked to do that, but if you are, then you should be asking for it,\" she said."
"She was not the only one to take the trouble to find out what was going on."
"'The reason I feel I have to go back and do it again is because I've had a lot of trauma from my mum's abuse."
"I've been a supporter for as long as I can remember, and I'm very excited to get back to the show."
"The problem is, I don't really know how to do a lot of the things I'm doing right now."
"\"The team is really excited about what's going on, so we're excited to get started,\" he said."
"The mayor's office said in a statement that the men were arrested on suspicion of rape and sexual assault and are being held at the Austin County jail."
"It was also a time of uncertainty for the couple, with the couple coming out of the house late on a Saturday and the two not feeling safe."
"The following year, he went to work for the state of Pennsylvania, where he was a member of the state's Republican National Committee."
"It's a great challenge to get to this stage where we've got to see it on a big stage."
"He is still playing for Celtic, but has to be focused on the Champions League and then he has to be in the Champions League again and he is still in the Champions League."
"\"I'd like to think that if I was a doctor I would have a role to play in it, but it's not something I'm doing right now,\" she said."
"A lot of people are saying, \"You know what, you need to be in a relationship with your partner,\" and I'm like, \"No."
"\"I don't think that we can go on with the same fight without taking some of the pressure off,\" he said."
"This will be a new experience for us and we're looking forward to being part of that journey."
"He said: \"I am a proud member of the Labour party and I want to thank everyone who voted for me."
"In a statement issued after the match, the club said: \"We were very clear that the outcome of this game would not be in our best interests."
"He's just going to get better and better, and I think we're going to see him play with some of the best players in the game."
"The company will also work closely with the U. K. government to provide support for the UK in its efforts to protect its people from the threat of climate change."
"In the first three years, in the first three months of the year, we expect to see more than 40, 000 patients taking part in a year of treatment."
"But the more important question for the Chinese is how much it will cost to cut emissions, especially in the short term."
"I can't help but wonder what the future holds for him and the Clinton campaign, and what a world without them might look like."
"The government is considering how to implement the changes, and the UK government has said it wants to keep the standards in place for a further two years."
"The study found that more than one in four women had experienced an accident in a previous year, and more than one in four had experienced a sexual assault."
"He was an incredible player, and he was never going to be a man who would sit on a bench and make things happen."
"I don't know why I was so surprised when I saw him in the media, and I'm not surprised that he is coming to us."
"He said that, in the last two years, he has seen a lot of improvement and that has been the most important thing."
"\"If you look at the level of injury, we don't know if there is any hope,\" he said."
"She says: \"I was just writing a letter to the editor, and it just went through my mind and I just thought I would just give it a go."
"In the end, the two sides got the better of each other in the pool, and in the end the result was a victory for the British."
"It's a great time to be a parent, because it's a time to be proud of what you're doing, and it's a good time to be a parent in America."
"A survey of more than 1, 000 people in the UK found that 68% of those aged between 15 and 24 had suffered at least one serious injury in a crash."
"As a result, the US and its allies are accused of \"engaging in a campaign of cyber- terror,\" according to US state department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland."
"The Scottish government has announced a consultation on the new rules, which are expected to be published next month."
"I feel like the world is a better place, and I'm more open to the possibility of other things."
"The paper says the film was written by a British man who wanted to show his family that he was a British citizen."
"The European Union, the UK's biggest trading partner, has said it will not participate in the talks."
"I think the key is to get your feet under the water as much as possible and make sure you're not just doing your job, but you're getting ready for it."
"It was the first time since 1992 that the White House had hosted the annual dinner for the president and vice president."
"The F. B. I. was told that the government was still investigating the case, but it wasn't clear whether the new charges would apply to the agency's own investigators."
"The president is not supposed to be doing anything, so he doesn't even have to know what he is doing."
"The Canadian team will face Colombia in a friendly on Saturday, the first of two scheduled for the weekend."
"The most recent growth rate was 3. 2% last year, but the agency said this was the highest it had seen in the past two years."
"This has been a life- long project and I am now confident that the Royal Family will continue to make the most of their time with their son."
"It's a fine line between a man and a woman, a man and a woman, and the majority of women in the United States are the victims of domestic abuse."
"I've got a great record but it's not about being great, it's about being able to play good, and that's what I'm doing."
"\"We didn't know what was going on, and we had no idea what to do,\" he said."
"And I think it's very important to be able to talk to people about things that are not in the book."
"When the story came out that I was going to be a father, I was shocked and very happy that I was going to be able to do that."
"If I were to talk about her, I think I would say that she was just a normal girl and was on her own."
"The charity, which runs a clinic in the city, said it had raised more than \u00a3 100, 000 in just three weeks."
"It's not just a \"you're going to hell, you're going to hell \"situation, it's also a \"you're going to hell, you're going to hell, you're going to hell, you're going to"
"I know it's a big- time thing to do and we've got to be aware of it."
"And I'm a big fan of the way you can make a point about what's going on in the world."
"\"If they can't find any other way to survive, I don't think we'll be able to do it,\" she said."
"I am not aware of any public discussion of the matter in any part of the country where there is a vote."
"I think it's very important for us to have a conversation about that because it is what we have been doing for so long."
"The two- year- old girl's parents are not believed to be in Australia, though police have been searching for them since Thursday."
"I mean, look, I'm not saying that it's the end of the world, I'm just saying that it's the beginning, but it's not the end of the world."
"And that's why I think we're seeing a real change in the way that we look at business."
"It's a chance for us to play against one of the best teams in the world, a team that is one of the best in the world."
"The country has seen a record number of shootings and several suicide bombings in the past year, the Guardian reported."
"It's not a new idea, but we're always going to be looking for ways to make it work."
"In the second quarter, Apple reported that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7s sold 1. 1 million units, or 1. 3 million fewer than the second quarter."
"And it's not just about what you can do with your money ; it's what you can afford to do with your money."
"It's one of the most important things to me, and I'm happy to get to play in the league."
"It's not only the cost of living and the amount of money you have to spend on your health that can impact on your life."
"\"It's been a long time coming, but it's not the last one,\" he said."
"\"It's not just about what we're doing, it's about what we're doing to the people of this state,\" she said."
"The first was the question of who should be the next president of the United States, and the answer was the same for both candidates."
"You have to go to the doctor and get your blood pressure checked, and then you have to go to the hospital, and then you have to go to the emergency department."
"The latest poll shows Clinton with a seven- point lead in New Hampshire and a six- point edge in Florida, which holds its first Democratic primary."
"\"I don't think that it's going to happen any time soon, but it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The state's economy grew by 5. 3 percent in the first quarter, a strong performance, and its unemployment rate rose to 5. 7 percent from 5. 5 percent in the third quarter."
"We have a lot of good players around the country but we have to go out and put them all in the best possible shape."
"This is the first time in the history of the country that there is a straight line between the two."
"The Islamic State group has lost territory in the last two years of the conflict, but the group has gained new strength and territory in Iraq."
"The migrants are being used by the Turkish authorities to try to find a way out of the country, according to a report in the Turkish daily."
"It's still early, but the group's performance in the group stages has shown they can be a real threat."
"A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead in her home in the north west."
"It's a huge step to be able to do something that we didn't even know we could do before."
"The panel will decide whether to impose the ban, which is to run until the end of February, or to extend it until after the April 19 presidential election."
"He said: \"It is a matter for the UK government to decide and that is what is happening in the EU negotiations."
"\"I hope that they will make sure that they have access to the information that they need,\" he told the BBC."
"I don't have any plans to stay, I'm just waiting for the day I'm able to get out of here."
"It is understood the men had been planning to leave the area when they saw the officer's car."
"The researchers estimate the UK's carbon emissions will be around 80 per cent of the global average by the end of the century."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has opened an investigation into the child sex abuse scandal at the University of Southern California."
"\"The decision on whether to call it a day or a week is not yet clear,\" he said."
"He told the BBC: \"The public are a crucial part of what I do, I have a huge amount of respect for the fact that they're not always the same people."
"The Prime Minister has no interest in speaking about the NHS, she just wants to make sure the public knows that she has the power to make decisions about her own health."
"The Department of Health said it was aware of the case but it was not clear whether it had any further action taken."
"The research also found that men and women who used e- cigarettes were more likely to develop high blood pressure, diabetes, high blood pressure stroke, and heart failure."
"They have a rich history of serving as a model for this country and a very powerful voice in this country."
"The debate is about whether a man who was born in England should have the right to live in Scotland."
"She said: \"I just want to thank all the girls out there who are out there, going through this journey."
"The people of America know the American dream, and they're ready for it, and they want it back."
"The average age of those who had been involved in a gun crime in the past year was 15, down from 16."
"Theresa May has insisted the UK will remain in the EU's single market even if it leaves the single market, with a view to leaving if the country leaves and a view to remaining."
"The city has a long history of crime and it's been an area that has been a crime scene for a long time."
"But, they're on the rise in the United States, and it's not just the Chinese who are seeing it."
"This is not to say that we should give up on the EU, but it's not easy to say no."
"We're going to need to go to a convention to change the way people think about gun laws and to make sure that gun laws are properly implemented."
"In a press release, the company said that it has already started to deliver on the promises made in the last two years."
"The National Museum of Scotland said it was pleased with the exhibition and said it was committed to the arts."
"\"It's a very strange thing, but I'm still very happy with my body and I'm still very happy to be here,\" he said."
"I was surprised that I didn't take the time to see how this would play out and then I realised how much I loved it."
"He added that the government had already paid for the loan and that the current rate of interest was a sign of good faith."
"If you're a good enough person to be able to sit down and talk, and you're willing to listen to a lot of different voices, then you're a good candidate for the job."
"The announcement was made following the release of the first two years of Trump's tax returns, which revealed that he paid no federal income taxes for at least three years."
"He's got to do a better job on the defensive end, he has to make a lot of plays, and he's got to be better than what he did in the first game."
"In the long run, he said, \"I think this is going to be the most important game in the history of the country."
"\"I've been told I'm not good enough, and I'm not good enough, but I'm not even good enough,\" he said."
"\"If you look at the issues, the voters that elected me, they are not working hard enough,\" he said."
"We have the lowest unemployment rate in Europe, but we have seen a decline in the number of people who are working."
"In the third quarter, Samsung said it would report net sales of $ 1. 4 billion, a 10 percent increase from last year."
"It's not like that with the Olympics and things like that, you need to understand that and work hard to improve and improve and improve and improve."
"We've had a lot of success in the last three years and we're very proud to have been involved in that."
"The next step would be to find out how many of the girls were the victim of abuse, and whether they were violent or not."
"It's a shame that we didn't get a chance to take it and we didn't get to see it, because it's a big game for us."
"\"It's a long process, it's a long process and I'm sure there's going to be some people who are going to say I'm not going to be there,\" he said."
"It's not like I have to go out and be like, \"You're not going to be able to play with me."
"He was able to get a bit of a break and I thought it was good to get him back on the field."
"\"I think I have a lot of friends who are still here, and I think they all deserve a medal,\" he said."
"He has served his entire four- year sentence in a prison cell for a sex offence, but has not been charged with a sex offence."
"They will be a bit different to the rest of the team, but we'll see what we can do."
"I'm sure he'll be back for his first game back and I'm sure he'll be back for the rest of the season."
"In the last few years, the group has been especially active in China, where the Chinese state- run news agency said it has seen a 20 percent rise in foreign visitors in the past year."
"The Dodgers \"first game of the World Series, in Game 5, was a tie game, and the Cubs beat them twice."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, I've been around for a long time, I've been around for a long time, I've been around for a long time, I've been around for a long time,\""
"In the long term, the EU will not be able to provide much in return for its services, which will be less attractive for foreign investors."
"I think we should all get on with it and just do what we can to protect the country."
"\"It's a different kind of world, and we need to understand it,\" he said, adding that he was proud to be part of the United States."
"I think it's a good thing for all of us, and I think it's a good thing for the United States, for the world, and for the world is that the United States is the best country in the world."
"But the government has already made it clear that it is willing to cut back on that practice as part of any deal with Brussels."
"\"It's very important for us to get the right balance,\" he said of the EU referendum."
"It's not about the money, but the quality of the service, the quality of the knowledge that we have."
"I don't know if I could get back up to the top four, but I know I could get there, so I'm very excited to get there."
"We're going to keep it as a special event and have a great time and see what we can do."
"But I have to make sure I'm really good and I'm ready for it, and I'm ready to be in the best shape I can be."
"\"We are not going to go to war,\" Obama said, before explaining that he would seek to resolve the conflict in Syria."
"But the United States military and the Syrian opposition, which has supported the government of President Bashar Assad since 2011, have said the assault will hit the opposition- held areas of Aleppo."
"The government has not said when the new schools will open or when it will be possible to keep them open."
"The National Museum of Scotland has been fined \u00a3 1, 000 for failing to provide proper CCTV footage of a crime scene."
"She said: \"I would be very surprised if I would have to give up my job to be in this position."
"A third of the population has been infected with the virus in the UK, with one in 10 people infected with it being diagnosed."
"He's not sure how he would have done if he had seen the film, but he was right."
"As I get older, I don't want to be a person who thinks I'm not going to be in the position that I am today."
"I have to admit that when I started working in the field I didn't know much about it at all."
"\"I was very surprised that the way I looked at it was so different from what I thought about it,\" he said."
"The Government has pledged a \u00a3 1. 8 billion ($ 1. 5 billion) package to tackle the problem, which has been a source of frustration for some business leaders."
"You can see it on the other side of the world, where people are working on very low- wage jobs."
"I think the best thing I can do is just come out and play and get the job done and be ready to go."
"I think they're probably more concerned with the fact that they're getting younger, and not as much as I thought they were."
"\"We need to take the time to reflect on the positive things we have seen in our lives and to look at our future and what's in store,\" she said."
"You have to be able to give the most- experienced player a chance to play, but you have to be able to get the best out of him."
"\"I think I'm one of the only ones that doesn't have a job,\" she said."
"The day before, on March 17, he said, he had arrived at the hospital with a woman who had told him she had been raped."
"The agency said the agency has not received any reports of additional cases and that investigators are still gathering information."
"And I think he's the best guy in the world to make that decision, but I'm not going to say that."
"The other thing is that the debate is not just about the candidates and the issues, it's about the people who are in it."
"It's not like we are going to be seeing more and more of the same thing, but we are."
"It's a tough decision, but I'm really happy with what I've done so far."
"\"The best way to win is to just get in there and try to win,\" he said, adding that he was disappointed with the result."
"A single mother from a small town in the middle of Wales has died after being hit by a car while walking home from work."
"The US president- elect is also considering a ban on Muslims entering the US, which he has said is an \"Islamophobic \"policy."
"He said that the suspect was wearing a hat and a hat- similar to a traditional Muslim head covering- and that he had \"several items \"on his head."
"The Syrian government's offensive in the city has killed more than 250, 000 people, including thousands of civilians, according to the U. N. Security Council."
"I feel like I can just be in the middle of my teammates and have fun with them, and that's what I do."
"A US government official told The Times that the president- elect would not make a formal announcement about the decision until after the election."
"They could still have a chance to play at this level, but if they don't, they'll have to settle for a point."
"It was clear that there was a lot of pressure on the president to do something, and he didn't do it."
"The leader of the opposition Labour Party said: \"The Chancellor must know that he can't have a hard Brexit."
"It was his fourth career victory, which tied for his most in a single season since joining the Eagles in 2013."
"It was a great feeling to play for the first time in my life, and that was the best feeling I've had."
"But I think the last couple of years I've been in a really good mood, and I think it's got a lot to do with that."
"He added that the decision was taken by the company's board and that the decision would not affect the future of the company."
"But for the past two years, he has been on a life- driving mission to make a difference in the lives of those who lost their lives."
"When we were first introduced to each other, it was a rare time we met and the memories we shared were always so much better than the real thing."
"\"If we're going to make the world a better place, we need to make sure that people are able to make decisions,\" he said."
"\"We need to make sure that they are being given the proper support, and that they get the support they need,\" she said."
"This is an interesting story- it is not only about the nature of the problem but also about the effect it has on our society."
"He said: \"It is a great honour to be selected by the BBC to host this morning's programme."
"It is likely that the Fed will raise rates in December, but the rate hike will be more modest than the one announced by the Fed on Jan."
"\"I think I was having a really good time, but I'm not sure,\" he said."
"We've had a great deal of success over the last two years, but I think it's more important than ever to do what we can to build the team."
"We need to be able to get the ball to the front of the net and we're not going to get that on the power play."
"I'm still in the process of trying to get the right one and that's the best way to do it."
"The 40- year- old man and the 17- year- old girl have been taken to a local hospital where they are being treated for head injuries."
"The family is now looking for answers as to why she was unable to work, the court heard."
"We don't need to be in the middle of it, but it's not easy for us to move forward."
"The data show that women are more likely to be eligible for free or reduced lunch, free or reduced lunch in the past year."
"\"The problem is the leadership of the Republican Party doesn't know how to handle this,\" he said."
"There was no indication of a terrorist link between the two attacks and the two suspects were not linked to one another."
"We need to be doing that as well as we possibly can, to find the right balance between quality, value and protection."
"It's important to know that we have an open door policy and that we don't have any plans to stop that."
"I think that's a big part of it, because in the past, we've been in the business for over 20 years."
"I don't think I've ever done anything like that and I don't think it would have been good."
"\"I am disappointed to say that the results are not good enough for the Scottish Government and the Scottish Parliament,\" she said."
"There's been a lot of talk in the last week about the impact that the Olympics would have on the world."
"\"The first two or three games of the year are pretty tough, so it's good to be on the right side of things,\" he said."
"\"The reality is that we're seeing a lot of new people coming in,\" he said, noting that more than 50 percent of new students are in the private sector."
"And I think there is a reason why the same people who are using our land as a base of operations, they are using it to make money."
"And the last time we had a chance to go, he came up with the idea of a new way of playing and then we went out and did it."
"\"We are going to do it because we know we can,\" he said, adding that the election of Donald Trump will be the biggest test for the United States."
"But it's a long way from home and we're very much in the same boat as we were a couple of weeks ago."
"The state also declared a state of emergency in the city, which had been hit by a series of bombings."
"She said: \"I am very proud that I have been given the opportunity to make a difference and be part of the solution."
"The billionaire businessman, who announced his support for the Senate's health care bill last week, said he will sign the legislation."
"The 18- year- old's brother said the couple had been staying at the house together but that the two were staying together at the time."
"\"I know my body's going through a lot, but I'm just trying to be healthy and be ready,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important to acknowledge that it's possible that something could go wrong,\" she said."
"The authorities have said they are treating the incident as a hate crime and are not looking for any further suspects."
"The government has insisted that it is working on a plan to tackle the problem, and said the council would be working with the local authorities to develop a plan."
"As for the \"woman \"created by the president, she is a woman, and she doesn't look good."
"It's a huge shift, and I'm not sure how the rest of the country will feel about it."
"The school was closed on Tuesday, but police have not confirmed whether it was a hate crime or a hate- crime incident."
"If you're going to be the nation's biggest club, you're going to be doing it right."
"The Queen will be at her peak when it comes to getting things done, but for now, we're all just trying to do our best."
"You can't have a relationship if you don't have the right to work, if you don't have the right to own property, if you don't have the right to vote."
"\"I think the United States has the best chance to be a world leader in protecting the environment,\" he said."
"We will take care that we are doing our job and that the people of Scotland are getting the best deal."
"The development is expected to be completed by the end of the year, with the firm now looking at the potential for additional projects."
"The UN Security Council will hold a summit on the Syria crisis on Tuesday, which will discuss the need for international action to fight the war- torn country's war."
"That's why I'm going to continue to work on this and I think it will continue to grow over the course of the next two and a half years."
"The only thing that I really want to get into is getting into the public eye and I don't see any more of it."
"\"The leadership of our party and the leadership of the Liberal Party and the leadership of the party that is in this race is the best choice for the next president of the United States of America,\" he said."
"But the biggest question is how much, and if it's enough to get a team to make a playoff run."
"They are not just the best team but they are also the most important players in the team and it is only right that we play well and win."
"I'm not sure how long it will take to get the details right- it's too early to tell."
"And I think he's a very good man, I think he's a good guy, he's a very good friend."
"And it's not just the number of people who come in that counts, but how many people they meet."
"The U. S. has taken in more than 1, 500 refugees from Syria since March 2015, including some from Syria, according to the U. N. refugee agency."
"The second half was not good enough for Celtic, who ended the game with a 10- goal lead."
"The father of a four- year- old boy who was shot to death by police was also released on bail."
"The number of people who had gone on strike in the past year has increased by more than 70 percent, he said."
"He said the company would also be working with the U. S. Department of Justice's Office of Civil Rights to ensure the rights of African- Americans are protected."
"I think if we were to leave the European Union, we would see the most dramatic changes in the UK's economy, including the effect on the quality of life for people in the UK, and the impact that would have on the environment and"
"\"I think that is a really good thing because the other people who are in the room, they are more likely to say, \"I don't know what is going on with Donald Trump."
"\"I am looking forward to making the most of the opportunity I have and getting to know the other candidates,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the final result of the election will be, but I'm pretty confident that Donald Trump will win."
"It is very difficult for us to be able to continue to do what we are doing, which is the most important thing in our sport."
"The measure was approved on a simple majority in the House of Commons in November 2015, and is likely to be included in a new law before the end of the year."
"\"This is a challenging environment and we will do everything we can to make sure that it does not happen again,\" he added."
"It's a good way to make sure you're not too much of a risk, and to make sure you're on your own."
"The three men, all from Pakistan, were arrested in India on Thursday and charged with various offences, including murder."
"But it was a little bit of fun and it's great to see people getting a chance to put a name to their film."
"He says: \"I'm not going to lie: I'm very pleased with the work that has been done over the last few years."
"He said that if there is a court order in place, he would not be able to buy the property."
"They were allowed to stay in the property for a year, but only if they agreed to pay the rent."
"We have a lot of things to do in the next couple of weeks but we're looking forward to the challenge."
"There's a lot of work to do in this campaign and I'm confident in what we're doing."
"The previous school year for boys was a mix of just two and three years, so it's not as if I'm actually changing."
"This is an important area for us to take into account as we look to address the future of the club."
"We've got to take that away and we've got to have a better understanding of the difference between the two sides and that is a big issue."
"The couple have two children, but they've been together for more than 10 years and have had a very good relationship."
"\"We've been going through this process a lot, and we're going to come up with a better solution,\" he said."
"He said: \"I've been in the hospital for six weeks, and I've been told I should get a check- up."
"\"I think that the time has come to talk about this issue and to take the best path forward,\" she said."
"The United States, Russia and other international players have said that they are ready to play in the upcoming World Cup, which begins in Brazil on September 22."
"\"I'm not sure the situation is going to change, but if the quality is there then I'm sure there will be a lot of people,\" he said."
"\"I want to be a part of this, and I'm not going to give up,\" he said."
"\"You know, I don't want to get into politics,\" she said, adding that she has not been contacted by either candidate."
"He said: \"I think it is going to be a big test, if it is a big test, I don't think it will be good enough."
"It's not a case of \"I'm going to do everything I can to make a difference,\" it's a case of, \"How do I make a difference?"
"As for the Republican Party, Trump has refused to release his tax returns and has said he would release them as part of a larger tax reform package that would be included in the Republican presidential debate."
"\"I've seen that for the last few years I have felt like I'm missing out on something that really makes me feel good,\" he said."
"And I think there's a reason why it's such a popular story in the media: because it is."
"It's the only thing that keeps me alive and makes me think I can do it again,\" she told the BBC."
"It is a big opportunity, it is a big challenge, we are going to have to do it and we are going to have to take it."
"\"If I can't have one, then I'm not going to be in the top three,\" he said."
"There is a lot of work to do, but the majority of the time we don't see the results."
"In a statement, the ministry said the incident happened in the middle of the night and that police had been called to the house."
