"But we are still going to have to do it, and I think we can't get ahead of ourselves."
"The company has also announced that it will begin rolling out its first- ever online video service in the UK in 2017."
"We're in a good position, we're not in a bad position, we're just not as strong as we were last year."
"The judge said she had been in a relationship with a woman for a number of years and had been invited to a party by the man."
"It's the same kind of thing that happened with my mother- in- law's death- it's just that she didn't have the strength to be strong enough."
"\"We're going to have a very good team,\" he said, referring to the team that will play in the Super Bowl."
"\"This is a big opportunity for us and I think it's the right time to give this opportunity to the next generation,\" he said."
"The team will be using the findings from the new study to help them develop better treatments for the condition."
"It is also believed that the couple are set to take the opportunity to open a restaurant in the city centre."
"\"We have a lot of work to do in terms of our economic outlook, and the economy is in a bad place,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a friend who is a friend of mine."
"The group's actions were also condemned by the United Nations, the United States, Turkey, the European Union and the European Commission."
"It's a good sign, too, that the U. S. has some of the most diverse populations in the world."
"\"The police have been called and they are investigating the incident,\" a police spokesman said in a statement on Thursday."
"It's hard to imagine how the world could have been better off if the majority of the world's population had a healthy diet."
"It's been a long time coming, but I can't imagine what it's been like for you."
"The United States, in a sign of the country's growing strength, has imposed a number of sanctions on North Korea since it tested a nuclear device in January."
"I am not going to lie to you, I am not going to lie to the American people and I am not going to lie to the voters of this great country."
"I was the only one that had the sense to go out and have a good time, but I had to learn to do it in a way that was not just for myself."
"\"I've got a long way to go to get to where I am and I'm just going to try and be a good role model for my kids,\" she said."
"But I think it was a really good performance, and I think we'll be looking at a lot of players for the next few years."
"The government is already taking steps to make sure that the program is safe for all, and to ensure the safety of the children who are brought into the country."
"But the company said it had not received any payments from the US government in the two years since it was created."
"A lot of people will say that's a big mistake, but I'm not going to say that."
"I've been lucky enough to have had a good relationship with my husband for a number of years and I would like to see him continue to have that relationship."
"The decision to launch the service came after a series of high profile incidents involving the service, which have been widely reported."
"The first thing I want to do is get to know the people that I've been in touch with."
"A lot of people don't know what they are doing, but it's really cool."
"I want to be the best player I can be, and that's why I'm here."
"I've been in the market for a while, and I've been lucky enough to have a lot of people who have been in the market for a while."
"It's a long time ago, but I remember the last time I was in the room and I was like, this is it."
"The school is open to all students, including those who are not in the school system, and has been a safe haven for students."
"The U. S. has been hit by a series of high- profile terrorist attacks in the past year, including the November Paris attacks."
"I'm a big fan of the movie, I have a lot of love for it, but it's not a movie I'm interested in."
"I'm going to try and get my hair cut, but I'm not going to take any chances."
"The number of people using social media to share a story or comment has fallen by half in the past year."
"\"We've got to be able to show up and make an impact, and that's the key,\" he said."
"The challenge is to make sure that they're prepared to do that and that they're prepared to take the time to go through that process."
"The study found that black men are more likely to be killed by police than white men, and that white men are more likely to be shot by police."
"The Home Office said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the death toll, adding that it was working closely with the police."
"\"I've always had a certain level of respect for the way he's played and the way he has played,\" he said."
"The move has been criticised by the Chinese government, which says it wants to encourage trade between the two countries."
"He said:'We had a conversation about it when I was in school and he said he thought we should be going to a party."
"If you want to know the truth about your own family, then you need to look at the family you have."
"The project is the latest in a series of projects to be unveiled in China this year, following a string of events in the country."
"I don't know if it was a combination of my feeling that I had a chance to win and the feeling that I could win it."
"They said that their mother had been taken to hospital and that they had not been able to find her and that they had been told that she was going to the hospital."
"The UK is also expected to vote on the EU's exit in June, with the vote expected to be held on June 23."
"It's a great example of how to do things in a way that is not always obvious."
"It's a little bit of a shame that I'm not going to be able to go back to playing football for the first time."
"\"It's important to get the right balance of benefits and tax benefits, and that's what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether federal prosecutors, too, have broken federal law in using the controversial tool."
"It's a good place to start because it's an easy place to start, but it's not going to be easy for you."
"\"The only thing I can say is that I'm very proud of him and I'm very proud to be a part of it,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to do it with the support of the people of New Jersey, with the support of the people of New York,\" he added."
"He said: \"I think that's why it's important that we don't see any more of this, because we are getting a lot of the information."
"It's a massive opportunity for us to get a bit of a taste of what we've got going on in the league and we'll see how it goes."
"The board decided that the company would have to pay the $ 7 million penalty and that the company would not be allowed to sell the property."
"It's a great way to get a feel for the game and the atmosphere, but it's not the most exciting thing."
"He said: \"The police officer was not injured and the officers were clear and professional in their duty to protect the public."
"The company said that the number of units sold in the U. S. and Canada fell to a record high of 6. 8 million in the fourth quarter."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital in a serious condition."
"It's a great place for me to be and I'm just happy to be here and to be able to go back there and do what I love."
"\"I think it's important that we all have a clear idea of the risks and benefits of using the vehicle,\" he said."
"The girl, who was born in Pakistan, was travelling on a bus when she was shot in the back of the head."
"We've been working on it for a while, and I'm excited to get it out there."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law in the next parliament that will see it imposed on businesses who don't have a licence."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Syria since last year, but the strikes have been limited in their impact."
"The report also found that women who had suffered abuse were more likely to report it to police, as well as to the police themselves."
"I think it's the right thing to do, but I don't think it is the right thing for the country."
"The day after, I had a message from the manager saying that he had a problem with the players, and he wanted to talk to me about it."
"\"I know that this is the first time I've had to do this and I have to be ready for it,\" he said."
"It is the first time in the history of the league that a team has won more games than the opposition."
"\"It was a really good time, and we're very proud of the team that we have,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that's a good thing,\" he said of the ad, which was released on Thursday."
"He is the oldest of four children, aged six, eight and 13, and his father has been charged with two counts of murder."
"The study found that women who are pregnant or planning to become pregnant were more likely to have a low- risk of breast cancer than women who had never had a baby."
"It's the most expensive thing that could happen to you, so I can't imagine it could be cheaper to do it yourself."
"\"It's not a matter of whether you're a good or a bad person,\" he says."
"\"I have a lot of respect for him and I would not want to see him in that position again,\" he said."
"We have had a few people come to the club and say they are going to be there, but we haven't been there."
"But if you don't have a home that can be used as a base, then you're not going to get the money you need."
"In the last couple of years, there have been a couple of cases where people have been accused of doing the wrong thing."
"It's a lot of money for the guys, but they're still young and they're going to be in a lot of trouble."
"She said: \"I have had a lot of support from the public and I think it's a great honour for the club and the players."
"\"There are a lot of people who are frustrated because they don't have the money to pay for the care they need,\" she said."
"\"The only thing that matters is the ability of the American people to elect a president who will actually fix this country,\" he said."
"The man who killed himself in the middle of a traffic stop has been found dead, police said on Thursday."
"The vote is expected to be a major boost to the Conservative Party in the run up to next year's general election."
"\"I think we should have a conversation about what is going on in the world, and I think that's why we have to do this,\" he said."
"The government is currently facing a legal challenge from a coalition of social media companies, who want to change the way that the public can see the election results."
"The first time I was there was when I was 16, and I was just getting my hands on a couple of tickets."
"It's a big ask to be the best, and I'm not sure that I can do that."
"The chief executive of the world's largest tobacco company said he was pleased that the government had decided to ban tobacco products in the UK."
"The opposition has said the government is trying to cover up the problem, and that the government should be held responsible for the deaths of the civilians."
"It's a challenge for the club to be able to offer the player the services and the experience that he needs to succeed."
"The police have been called to the scene of a fatal shooting in downtown Phoenix on Tuesday night, police said."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, and it's something I'm trying to work on,\" he said."
"He was also charged with a number of offences including possession of cannabis and possession with intent to supply a controlled substance."
"But in the wake of the EU referendum result, it has emerged that the Scottish government has been working on a strategy to ensure that the UK remains in the EU."
"\"The way I see it, you have to make a commitment to your life and your family,\" she told reporters."
"And the fact that I'm coming from a party that has never been dominated by any one political party, it's just a great feeling."
"I don't think that's a good idea, but we have to be able to provide the services."
"The next day, he said he had met with the governor, and that the governor had told him that he would be in the state house."
"It is also a great way to show the world that you are not alone in the world, that you are part of something bigger than yourself."
"In an interview with the BBC, Mr Trump said: \"I think it's very unfair to say that the American people are voting for somebody else."
"The two- year- old was found dead in her bedroom, surrounded by her father's body, on Thursday morning."
"\"We are not going to have any discussion about whether we are going to be a country or a company, but we are going to have a very clear vision of how we are going to be a country,\" he said."
"I'm still not 100 per cent, but I'm confident that if we get a good result in the first week of the season we can do the same."
"I think that's the way that we need to be in the future, and that's the way we need to be in the world."
"It's not just about the quality of the play, the quality of the game, but the quality of the players in the team."
"And it's also a great opportunity to engage with the president- elect about issues that are important to the American people."
"The full- back has been a key figure in the side's success since the departure of David Davies from Celtic in February."
"If you've got a game plan, you can't take a chance with the ball and you're not going to score."
"\"I feel like I'm in the best position to be able to play my best football,\" he said."
"The team is still working to determine the cause of the collision, and it's unclear whether the plane was traveling at a much greater speed."
"He also told the jury he was \"very angry \"and that he had \"no idea \"what had happened to his wife."
"In the United States, the U. S. Supreme Court has previously ruled that states have the right to determine their own abortion laws and that the federal government has a duty to protect women's health."
"It's a big part of what makes a success, and we want it to be as big as possible."
"\"I have never had to go through the same thing,\" he says, adding that he was \"not a bad person \"and was \"happy \"to be in the world."
"\"I think it's a good idea for the players to have a big game, to have a big game, to have a big game, to have a big game, and it's a good idea for the players to have a big"
"\"I think he's got a lot of talent, and I think he's going to get some playing time,\" Fisher added."
"\"We have to do everything we can to make sure that the children and young people are safe,\" she said."
"\"I think we need to make sure that every American has the opportunity to be a citizen of this nation,\" she said."
"He added: \"I think that is the biggest thing that I can do to help the team, to give them the confidence to go out and do what they want to do."
"The International Olympic Committee has confirmed that it will not be taking up the issue of the Zika virus at this year's Games."
"I think that's why I'm here, to show that we have a lot of love for each other."
"In a statement, the government said the bill had been passed by parliament and that it would be implemented by the end of the year."
"But it's also true that there are no plans for an official Brexit, because they don't want to be seen as a threat to the EU."
"They've been given the wrong amount of money to spend, and that's just not right."
"I think I'm going to be the best player in the world and I'm going to be the best coach in the world, and I'm going to be the best person to coach the team."
"\"I think that's a good thing because it makes me feel more confident,\" he said."
"The government will not be able to take any action until the new UK- EU deal is in place, he said."
"The Welsh government has also been criticised for its decision to allow the export of steel to China, which is expected to be the world's biggest steel producer."
"The victims include a man who was killed in an accident when he was too young to be in a car crash, and a woman who was killed when she was too young to be in a car crash."
"The last time I was in the White House, I was in the first debate, and I was a little nervous."
"The deal is expected to take effect immediately, with the UK's first contract to be delivered in two years."
"I don't know what happened to her, but it was an accident, and she has been out of the country for a long time."
"It is not clear if the attack was linked to the Islamic State group, or whether it was the first time the militants had used chemical weapons in Syria."
"The number of people who are diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in Wales is estimated to be at least 600, 000."
"A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a flat in Glasgow."
"A spokeswoman for the United Nations said: \"The United Nations has been working closely with the Syrian government to resolve the humanitarian crisis."
"The most recent survey of 1, 000 adults was conducted in April, but it has since been extended to November."
"The UK's first woman prime minister has said she is \"confident \"that Brexit will not be a problem for the UK economy."
"It was a good feeling for me to have to play, I just couldn't take it any more."
"\"It's a very exciting time for us, and we're looking forward to the next step,\" he said."
"The issue has been raised by some in the Scottish Greens, but the SNP has said it will not vote in favour of independence."
"The cost of the project, which will cost about $ 2. 5 million, is estimated at $ 3 million."
"\"I've been doing this for a long time and I feel like I'm doing it for the right reasons,\" he said."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI has interviewed the two men, but that they have yet to be charged."
"He said that he had been told by the police that there was a gun in the car but he did not believe it was a weapon."
"He also said he was \"surprised by the level of interest \"in the project, which he said had been growing in popularity over the years."
"The government is also investigating whether the security services used the money to pay for the attacks, which were carried out by IS."
"\"We're going to try to make it a better place for our families, for our children and for the rest of our family,\" he said."
"The Scottish Government said it would support the bid, which is due to be presented to the Scottish Parliament in December."
"It's not the first time that the government has taken this step, but it's the first time that it has made it a priority."
"\"I think the next president will make it very clear that he will not let a lot of people get away with something like that,\" he said."
"If you're interested in playing a little bit of golf, you'll find it easier to do that."
"\"I think the biggest thing that's going to happen is that we will see a very different approach,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to go back to the time when I was a kid,\" she said in a telephone interview."
"But she said she did not want the current prime minister, Theresa May, to take the government to court for failing to act."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI is investigating a new report that the Clinton Foundation paid a former president and his wife for travel and other expenses."
"\"I just don't think he was a good person to be working with,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure what the answer is,\" he said, adding that he had not been in contact with the team since the start of the season."
"He said: \"I don't think we are going to be able to do the same thing in Europe as we have in the US."
"\"It's a big change, but I think it's good for the game,\" he said."
"I'm going to do what I can to help the community and I'm going to do what I can to help the community, and I'm going to do what I can to help the community, and I'm going to do what I"
"\"I feel like we've been doing a good job of it,\" he said, adding that he doesn't think he'll be able to play again for the first time this season."
"In the past two years, he has worked with a number of organisations to raise awareness of the need for mental health services."
"And we're seeing the same thing in the United States, where we have a lot of people that are living in poverty."
"\"I know that the people who are in charge of our schools are not going to do anything to change this,\" she said."
"The results of the survey, which took place over the course of four days, will be published in the Journal of the American Medical Association."
"\"We're going to have a lot of people that are going to be in positions of authority that are going to be able to go out and vote and speak for us,\" he said."
"\"We are very concerned about the safety of our customers, our staff, our customers in the United States,\" he said."
"\"I think it's good that we can be part of the conversation,\" he said of the initiative."
"The latest data shows a small increase of 0. 3% in the number of people who bought the original tickets in the second half of the year."
"I think it's fair to say that if you want to win, you have to play better than you did last year."
"She was not only the first woman to be elected to the presidency of the United States, but she was also the first female president of the United States."
"\"There's a lot of people that are coming here, and they're all going to be very excited,\" he said."
"\"I want to tell you about a woman who was a very strong leader and a very strong leader in the military,\" she said."
"We can't afford to lose a child to this disease, so we're going to have to take care of the people who need to take care of them."
"The company said it had been working to meet the demand and had not yet received a response to the complaint."
"The survey of 1, 500 people was conducted in October 2015 and was carried out in a private, non- profit organisation."
"And he said he was \"very confident \"that the country would be able to restore order after the storm."
"The U. S. State Department said on Thursday that U. S. citizens traveling to Cuba will be subject to visa- free travel."
"The game has been a huge part of my life since I was a kid, and I'm very proud of it."
"I don't think it's going to change much in terms of how we play the game, but I think it's going to make the game a little more interesting for the fans."
"The couple have been together since the age of 14, and they have two sons, aged 14 and 17."
"The second half was a bit different, but we went out and played our best football and we didn't give up a lot."
"If you're in a position to have your own opinion about how the system should be run, you should at least have a say."
"But the race for the Democratic nomination is not over, with Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders battling for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination."
"I think it's a shame because it's been the most important thing for me to be able to play for my country."
"But I think it's very important to say, you know, we're a very different country, we're a very different race, we're very different in many ways."
"\"I think it is a great idea, it is a great idea, and it is a great idea,\" Trump said."
"He's a big, strong guy and he's been around for a long time, so it's a good opportunity to get him in the mix."
"\"We're not going to be able to afford to do that,\" he said, adding that the company's business model would be to keep customers \"information."
"And that's the problem with all of this: It's not just about the people who pay the bills."
"If you're not a fan of the show, you can always catch up on the latest episodes on the BBC News app."
"\"The only way to prevent that is to have a better understanding of the way that the system works,\" he said."
"\"This is the best I've ever had in my life and I'm just so happy I did,\" he said."
"The company said it was able to do so in the second quarter of 2015, but that it still needed to make a profit in the first half of 2016."
"In fact, the most important thing about this week's GOP debate is that it's the first time the candidates have been asked about the issues."
"She said she had not been told by the police that she had been drinking at the bar but had been drinking when she was attacked and was told she was going to be taken to hospital."
"The other thing I was really proud of was the fact we had a really great team and that we had the players who were capable of playing."
"The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department said it was investigating whether a shooting incident at a home in the city is connected to the death of a man."
"He said:'I don't know what happened to him but I'm sure he's still in hospital."
"He said: \"I'm not a big fan of the idea of someone having to be a father to their children."
"We have a lot of good players in the squad, but we have to be aware of the future and we need to keep on playing the way we are playing."
"The group's annual report also showed that the number of people who used marijuana at least once a week fell from 9. 5 million in 2014 to 8. 5 million in 2015."
"I would like to think that the world would be a better place if we had more of the same."
"\"I want to be able to go back and talk about it, because I think it's important to do it in a positive way,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have a tough battle to win the nomination,\" said Trump, who is expected to announce his support in the coming days."
"\"I think he's a great character and he's been in the game for a long time, and he's the right man for the job,\" Jones said."
"The government has also said it will not accept a deal that would see the UK leave the European Union."
"\"I think we have to be more careful with the amounts that we send out,\" he said."
"The answer is: we are not. The government has a responsibility to make sure the NHS is in the best interests of patients."
"The first thing I did was get a good look at the city, and then I went back to my hotel."
"\"We will not be taking the fight to the border,\" the prime minister said in a speech in Brussels."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to do because I think it's a great opportunity to show that I can play a major role."
"We've got a lot of work to do, we've got to have a clear vision and a clear plan for how we're going to work together to get things done."
"The government has said it wants to keep the existing system of checks and balances, which are still in place, but the system is not working."
"The man, who was identified only as Daniel in court documents, was arrested on Thursday and charged with possession of a weapon by a convicted killer."
"\"The reason I am here is to say that I am not a racist,\" he said, adding that he was not anti- Muslim."
"We were not in a position to take a decision, but I think we have to be very careful in our approach."
"\"I think it's a very good sign that people are starting to think about it,\" he said."
"The new mayor is expected to announce a new agenda for the city's economic development, transportation and health care programs in the coming weeks."
"They were probably the first to do it, and I'm sure they'll do it again, but it's a pretty big deal."
"But they're not, and they're not going to change the way we think about things, or the way we think about the future."
"The video was filmed at an air base in Germany, where the U. S. military is conducting a campaign against Islamic State."
"He is the man who is in charge of the club's finances and who will be responsible for the direction of the club."
"In the last six months of the year, the number of people using the social media app has risen by almost 20 percent."
"\"I think that the first half of the season was good, but we've got to continue to improve,\" he said."
"\"If you're not a Democrat, you're not a Republican, and you can't get a woman to vote for you,\" he said."
"They have been criticised for not taking any action to stop the violence, but they have been held to account by the media."
"The White House said it was \"disappointed \"with the decision to delay the vote until after the election."
"The only thing I can think of is that we should have been more careful about what we say and what we say about the Internet."
"It was a long season for the Lions, but it was a good start to the season and they'll be back in the top four."
"The government has proposed a series of changes to the way it deals with asylum seekers, including a ban on those seeking to enter the UK as refugees."
"She said she is not sure how she will vote in November, but she will be voting for the same party as she did in the 2012 election."
"But the US has been slow to respond to the threat, and the move is unlikely to have much impact on the Syrian civil war."
"He was a young man, and he was a very talented guy, so I'm sure he would have been able to get in."
"It's not just that we've got the right players but that we've got a great team that can win games and that we've got a great team that can win the Premier League."
"I'm not sure that's the case with this club, but we are going to be looking for a lot of results."
"The same is true in the United States: the best way to get a better deal on the world stage is to vote for Trump."
"The group said it had received more than $ 10 million from the fund since the start of the year."
"\"The one thing I don't like about the movie is that it's so violent,\" she said."
"We have a lot of great players who have been here and will be here for a long time and they will be here for a long time."
"The government has repeatedly denied that any of the women were forced into the labour camp, which was closed down in August 2015."
"I'd be interested to hear what you think about the decision to leave and what the future holds for the UK."
"But there is no evidence that the system is working as intended, and the Department of Health has not offered any evidence to back up the claim."
"I don't think it's an issue that the government has any interest in discussing, but the government has to make a decision."
"It's the biggest, most expensive stadium in the world, with a capacity of just over 20, 000."
"The company has said it will not be able to match the $ 4 million it received from the Trump Foundation in the form of advertising."
"\"This is the first time that the Trump campaign has made it clear that it wants to see a temporary ban in place,\" he said."
"And you know, I'm going to try and keep it as low as I can, and I think it's going to be a good thing."
"The two men, who were arrested on suspicion of being involved in the attempted robbery, have not been identified."
"In the past, the government had promised to give up its tax powers, but that has not happened."
"He said that he had never seen anything like it, but that he had been \"wounded \"in a robbery."
"The company has not yet announced the cost of the operation, but said it would begin operating in the first half of 2016."
"It's a great moment for me to see him play, and I think he'll be really good for us."
"If you're going to have a lot of people watching, you're going to have to make sure that they understand the game."
"He was a wonderful horse, but he was a very different horse to the one I was expecting and he was a very different horse to the one I was expecting to win."
"\"It's really important to give people a chance to have their say on what they want to see and what they want to see,\" he said."
"I can't wait to start working with the rest of the world and I'm so excited to be working with so many amazing people."
"I know that there's a lot of people that have been through the process and it's been a difficult process."
"The couple, who have a child, have been married for nine years, and the couple had two children together."
"He said that the court would have to decide whether to grant the government's request for a new trial, which would require a vote of the judges."
"The new project will be the first of its kind in the UK and it is expected to be completed by 2020."
"We've got to go out there and try to be the best team we can be and if we do that, it will be a huge boost for the team."
"\"I'm not going to go out and say I'm not a good enough coach,\" the 31- year- old said."
"\"I think that's a good thing because we've got a lot of people who want to see us win,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to do a better job of putting together a team,\" he said."
"\"I've been in a lot of games and you're not going to win every game,\" he said."
"\"I have no idea why he would do this, but I think it's because he's not willing to do it,\" she said."
"\"I don't know what they're going to do, but I'm going to keep my head down,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I do have a feeling that it's a good thing."
"The campaign also said it had received more than 20, 000 calls from people in the UK who had been displaced by the fighting."
"\"The reality is that the Syrian people are not going to be able to come back to the table,\" he said."
"The Government is also investing in the NHS and it is a good example of how we can do that together."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, I think it's a good thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I have not been in contact with her since she left me, and I have no idea what is happening,\" he said."
"The Obama administration has been trying to build a relationship with Saudi Arabia since the Saudi- led campaign in Yemen was launched in March 2015."
"She said: \"We were talking to a number of people at the time, but I don't remember what they said."
"\"It's going to be a lot of fun, and I'm sure we're going to make some great memories with it,\" he said."
"The move, which will be the first of its kind in the United States, comes amid growing concerns about the health of U. S. Muslims."
"And when he was asked by a reporter to describe the campaign, he said he would be \"happy to \"say no."
"\"We have to remember that we are a country that is not a country, that is not a democracy, that is not a free country,\" he said."
"I think the reason I'm here is because I'm not afraid to speak out and I'm not afraid to take a stand."
"\"I think we're going to be very, very careful in what we say and what we say about the economy,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I don't think he's going to be a good president,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's the biggest issue, but I think it's probably the biggest issue."
"\"I've been in and out of the game for a long time and I've never been in a situation where I was going to have to give up a touchdown,\" he said."
"\"I am not going to be surprised if the court of public opinion makes a decision that is in the public interest,\" he said."
"But the company has now said it will not be selling the software for another six months, and it will instead be selling it for a fixed price."
"The race is on to win the presidency, which could come down to who gets the nomination, but it's still a tight race."
"The charity said that in the first quarter of this year, it had received over \u00a3 1 million in donations."
"It's a good opportunity for us to get the win and we'll have to keep playing the way we've played the last couple of weeks."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to make those decisions,\" he said in an interview."
"The man's family said the couple had been in a relationship for a year, but had not yet met."
"It's not just about money, it's about how we can help the most vulnerable in the community."
"The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was not immediately available for comment."
"The former England international has scored seven goals in his last six Premier League appearances for the Blues, which was his last appearance in the Premier League."
"If you're like most of us, you're in a relationship with your phone every day, and you don't always know what's going on."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested after the incident and has been released on bail."
"The Government has been criticised for failing to take into account the fact that more than half of the population live in the UK."
"\"We want to make sure we are doing everything we can to make sure that we have the best possible facilities for the players,\" he said."
"In addition to the annual rate of inflation that has been falling for a while, the Fed has raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade."
"\"I want the country to be a better place, and I want it to be a place where people can live their lives,\" she said."
"I'm very happy with the way I've played this year, I think I'm a better player now than I was before."
"I can't even remember what the first thing I did was, I walked out of the room and then I went back in."
"\"I think it's fair to say that I have been on the receiving end of the most damaging attacks in recent times,\" he told the BBC."
"The European Union has been hit by a series of strikes and protests after the UK voted to leave the EU."
"\"We have had a very good season in terms of the performances, and I'm pleased with how we've performed this season,\" he said."
"But the new report says the new figures should not be used as a benchmark to measure the effect of changes to the law."
"The public prosecutor's office said it was not yet clear whether the case would be brought to a grand jury, but it was possible."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 3. 3 percent annual rate in the third quarter, compared with a 2. 4 percent growth rate in the same period a year ago."
"\"It's a challenge to go out and get wins, but you have to be able to get back to the level you were in last week,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state is the only candidate in the Republican race who has not endorsed a third- party candidate."
"The Fed's central interest rate increase in December has been driven by a two- day sell- off in oil."
"The government will be looking at how to improve the system, but that's a process that will take some time."
"The most important thing to remember is that we don't want the world to end up like it did in the past."
"The University of Texas at Austin is one of the most liberal cities in the country, with a university that's almost entirely white."
"The UK has a long history of backing free trade deals with other EU countries, but the UK has never been one of them."
"The company is also planning to sell off some of its properties in the South East, which would be a departure for a major London hotel."
"He said the official's comments were \"a bit harsh \"and said he would make a final decision in due course."
"I'm not saying we're going to win it all, but we're going to win it all."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think of the \"Star Wars \"series is the original film."
"But as the cost of the process increases, the number of people who can afford it is going to be increasing."
"He said the EU's new guidelines would \"give us a better idea of what we can expect from the UK \"and warned that the UK could be hit hard if the new rules were introduced."
"The man said he had been ordered to kill the woman and that she had threatened him in the past."
"If I had been in the room with him the day before, I would have said, \"You know what, I'm not going to do it."
"But he is not the only one with an eye on a possible run at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia next month."
"He's going to have a good start to the season and we'll see what he does in the games."
"The incident came just days after a group of young men were stabbed to death in a violent attack in the French capital."
"The announcement came as the two sides held a joint news conference in Brussels to discuss the refugee crisis, which has caused more than two million migrants to arrive in Europe in the past year."
"\"I have been so busy, I am not sure where to start with this,\" she said in a telephone interview."
"I'm not sure that's going to happen, but I'm sure he'll be ready to go."
"The former president also said that the U. S. was working with partners in Europe and Asia to help stem the flow of refugees."
"He said he did not want to have to pay the bill, but he wanted to know what the future held for him."
"She said:'I think it's important to do this because it is a very long process and it's going to take time."
"I'm not going to say he's a bad person, but he's a bad person, and I know that he's going to say things to make you think that way."
"But there is no way to know whether the two men who were arrested were the same ones who were on the phone with the suspect."
"The United States has taken in more than 8, 000 Syrian refugees and has been sending in more than 2, 000 troops to assist with the operation."
"It was a great moment for the team and a great moment for me, because I think I can still be a great player."
"It's a question that has to be asked of any government in the world: Do we want to be the world's leading country in the area of digital technology?"
"The union said that it was not in a position to comment on the matter until it had been examined by the union's legal team."
"\"It's hard to imagine that you could have a better candidate than Hillary Clinton,\" he said."
"\"If you don't want to be in the business and you don't want to be in the business, then you're not going to do it,\" he said."
"The government said it would have a \"strong and effective \"approach to the project, but it has yet to take a decision on whether it will go ahead."
"He said the main reason for the increase was that the number of people who had been employed had fallen, but not increased."
"The company is also looking at a possible expansion into China, where it plans to invest $ 3 billion in a new plant."
"The man was not injured in the incident, but was taken to a local hospital with minor injuries."
"\"I don't think the Republican Party is ready to stand for anything other than what we stand for,\" he said."
"The real question is whether they are going to take the time and effort to look at it, and if they are going to make a decision that's going to be the right one."
"I have no idea what this is going to look like, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be a lot of fun."
"The first thing we did was to get a couple of hundred people together, and I had the best people in the world, and we had a great meeting."
"The U. S. government has said that no American was killed or injured in the attack, although it has not yet confirmed the claim."
"The man, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department said."
"But he said the deal would only make matters worse in the long run, and he would not be taking sides on the issue."
"We're going to be looking at all of those things and I think we'll be able to get the best deal for the best players."
"\"I don't know if I can get that kind of response, but I can get a response,\" he said."
"It was a great opportunity for me to be able to play and to have the opportunity to be part of the team and to be part of the group."
"The UK will vote on whether to leave the European Union in a referendum on 23 June, with the vote expected to take place in the first quarter of 2017."
"He said the two sides had been discussing the possibility of a joint EU- Turkey operation, but there was \"no concrete proposal \"to take part in it."
"\"I think he's going to do a great job for us and I think he'll do a great job for the team,\" he added."
"The government has said it is not trying to hide the fact that the UK is leaving the European Union."
"But, if you are lucky, you will get to see the one that was filmed in the first place."
"And we're going to be doing the same thing that we're doing now- doing the same thing that we're doing now- and I think we're going to be able to get the same result."
"The reason we're seeing this is because we have the same number of people who are having a panic attack."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has opened an investigation into the alleged misconduct by one of the top executives of the Democratic National Committee."
"The only thing that's changed is I've got to be more creative with what I do and I've got to be more patient with the game."
"The new model will be the first to feature a smart phone in a car, and the first to make it available to the public."
"The United Nations says that more than 4, 000 people have been killed in the conflict in Syria, including over 100 children."
"He said that although the Syrian army had been able to drive the rebels from Aleppo, the army was not able to take the city."
"And in the end, we have to decide if we are going to make it a priority for the next administration."
"It was a moment I remember well, because I'd been in the film business for eight years and it was a very special moment."
"The court heard that Mr Jones, a father of two, had been living in a mental health home with his wife for six years."
"If you want to change the world, you have to change the world because you've got to change the world because you've got to change the world because you've got to change the world."
"It is not yet clear whether the two men were linked, but they appeared to be in contact at the time of the incident."
"\"I'm a woman who has a lot to answer for, but I don't want to be a victim,\" she said."
"It is a tough place to be, but I am so happy to be here and I'm so happy to be here with you."
"The group also said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in Syria has increased by 25 percent since the start of the war."
"\"We've got a great group of people who are really excited about the possibility of a good season,\" he said."
"The government has also said it is prepared to accept a higher number of refugees from the Middle East, Africa and the Middle East."
"The UK is also committed to the EU's free trade deal with the US, and will work closely with our allies to ensure that we are able to take advantage of the opportunities that come from the EU."
"And we're going to do it by having a leadership that is going to be able to change the direction of this country."
"The other thing I was really worried about was that the people who are here are going to be the ones who have been here a long time."
"They're also getting a chance to see the film in person, which is a big deal for them."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 15 percent since the company announced the deal in September."
"The U. S. has been in the hunt since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon."
"In fact, they're the ones who don't have a lot of money and are only interested in a few things."
"The latest figures show that the number of people receiving food aid has increased by almost 50, 000 in the last year."
"I think it's a good thing that the two of them are really close and I think that makes it so much more interesting."
"The money for the new home is expected to be between \u00a3 1. 5 million and \u00a3 1. 7 million, he said."
"The pilot, who was on his way to work, was taken to hospital after the crash and died in hospital on Tuesday."
"The United Nations has warned that the current situation in Aleppo could be worse than that of the war- torn country."
"They were born in the same year as the first baby, and they are now expecting their second baby in the next few months."
"\"I'm not going to get involved in this, I'm not going to sit back and watch it,\" he said."
"But it's not just the price that's being charged for the new cars that's causing concern."
"The company's stock fell by more than 20 percent in the past 12 months and it has been on the losing side of the stock market."
"The Republican presidential nominee said in a statement Monday that he's \"not happy \"with the way his rival has treated her."
"\"If you're going to have a very, very strong economy, you've got to make sure that the people that make it are making it,\" he said."
"The new budget, which is due to be released in the autumn, will include an additional $ 2. 6 billion for health."
"The fact that he's the nominee, and the fact that he's the nominee is a very important thing, but we've got to make sure that we're not going to have to be tied up in the next four years."
"She added that the children's father was a father and his children had been left in the care of their mother."
"I think it's a very good thing, and it's something I can't say I'd like to do."
"It's the first time that I've been able to do that in a game like this and I'm really excited."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 30 percent since the news was first reported on Wednesday."
"\"We want to make sure that every child has the opportunity to get the right education,\" she said."
"He said: \"The truth is that there are a number of people who are taking advantage of the system to make a living."
"But the group says it has also received hundreds of calls about the threat, and has begun a public campaign to speak out."
"\"I've been here for five years and I've been here for four years and I've got a lot more experience,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said."
"It is a big, big deal, it is a big deal, and we have to be ready to go, to play, to win, to do it every day."
"\"The point of this is to say we have to do something about it,\" he said, \"because the fact is that we can't."
"But there are also concerns about the potential for the virus to spread to other parts of the world, such as to South America, Europe and Africa."
"It's important that we have a team of professionals in the squad, and it's important that we have a team that can play in the Champions League."
"I have had a lot of success in my career, and I want to be the best I can be, so I'm looking forward to the challenge."
"But I have a lot more respect for the man that is in charge of the game and I think that's what we need to get across."
"I've got to play with my head in the sand and that's what I'm trying to do."
"\"I am very proud of the work that we have done, and I am proud to be a part of it,\" he said."
"\"We are not in a position to make a judgment on the situation, but we have to consider the situation and try to find solutions,\" he said."
"It's the first time that I've been able to do that and I'm so grateful for that."
"The police have confirmed that the teenager is a national and international terrorist who travelled to Syria to join the Islamic State."
"The investigation is continuing, and we're asking for the public's help in finding out what happened."
"But he added: \"The government is clear that it wants to work with the private sector to make sure that we have the best possible deal."
"He is the only candidate in the race who has not been accused of sexual assault by a woman, a claim that has been denied by the university."
"A Scottish Government spokesman said: \"We are committed to working with all the parties involved to ensure the best possible outcome for Scotland's children."
"She added: \"It's a great challenge to get people to do things like this and I think that's what we need to do."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to get the right person in the right place at the right time."
"It was one of the worst moments in the history of the country's political life, and one of the few moments in which the government was able to show that it was a government that was capable of doing what it was supposed to do."
"The company also said it would release a final report on the deal in the next few weeks."
"We were looking for a good home game and it is good to get to the semi- finals."
"The group was asked to rate the state of the country's national infrastructure, which includes roads, airports and rail."
"The company's shares were trading down 8 percent at $ 31. 52 in after- hours trading."
"We're going to have a very, very tough campaign against Donald Trump, and that's why we're going to win."
"\"I don't think there is any doubt that the UK is in the EU,\" he said."
"But he's going to have to deal with the fact that we're going to have to deal with a lot of things."
"He said:'When I was a kid, I had a lot of friends who were playing video games."
"I've never been in a situation where I've been able to do that, so I'm not going to change my mind."
"The U. S. government has said that the Islamic State group has used chemical weapons against U. S. forces in Iraq and Syria."
"I think we have to be careful what we say, because we don't want to be the only one."
"\"It was a very tough game, but we're going to try to win it,\" said the England captain."
"The company is still in talks with investors about a possible sale, but it is understood to be in talks with a number of potential buyers."
"The price of oil has dropped by a quarter in the past year, and it is expected to fall by as much as 20 percent over the next decade."
"The next day, they sent out a message to their customers, asking them to take photos of the flag and post it on their Facebook page."
"The U. S. Justice Department has opened a civil rights investigation into the shooting of a black man by police in Charlotte, North Carolina."
"The answer is simple: it's not. And the truth is that this is a very complex issue that's very much on the minds of many people."
"We've got to make sure we're at our maximum, which is five per cent of our revenue."
"The authorities had told him he could only get to the airport at 6. 30pm and he could only get to the police station at 8. 30pm."
"It's not just that we're all working together, it's that we're all working together to make sure we're doing the right thing for our children."
"He has been a very successful player in the Premier League, so it's not like he's going to be playing on Sunday."
"\"If we're going to be a democracy, we have to have the right kind of people,\" he said."
"\"We were told that they had been asked to leave the camp, and we were told that the police had been called,\" he said."
"The couple's two children, aged four and six, have also been told to stay at home, but have been told to stay with their parents."
"He has a record of being a good guy and I think he's been in a good relationship with the boys."
"But I'm not going to lie, I was very surprised by the reaction I got at the time."
"The group has been in contact with the group since the beginning of the year and have been working with them for the last six months."
"\"We are in the process of getting the right person to take over as president, and it's going to take a lot of work,\" he said."
"The most recent survey found that the number of people who said they had not read enough to write a story has dropped from 48 per cent in the early 1990s to 22 per cent now."
"The official said the two were in a \"safe area \"and the two were expected to survive the attack."
"I've got a lot of things to do and I think that's why I'm here."
"He's a big man, so I've got to be able to take him out and have him on the field."
"The boy was taken to a hospital with injuries that were not life- threatening, the police said."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players and the staff, but I think they've got a lot of work to do,\" he said."
"The girl's father, who did not want to be named, said he had been unable to contact her because she had not been home."
"I think that's why I'm in this situation, because I'm not going to let it affect my life."
"I think it's been a really good year for us, and I think we're doing a good job of getting the best out of our guys."
"The report said the UK was the world's second largest economy, with a net annual growth rate of 0. 6 per cent."
"It's the same for any of the other major U. S. presidential candidates, but it's a bit different for Bernie Sanders."
"The club has been the club of choice for me and my family and I'm happy to be part of that."
"The problem is that the government has not actually made any changes to the system, so we can't really see what the impact will be."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we take the time to get the right person,\" she said."
"He was told he had to leave the country and he was not allowed to return to the UK, and he was not allowed to work."
"The company has been under scrutiny in recent months for its use of a social media app to target its customers."
"The United Nations says at least 1, 200 people have been killed and more than 100, 000 displaced since the start of the fighting."
"We are going to do it in a way that is not only safe, but also good for the world."
"The Premier League is a great opportunity for us to get the right players in and we've got a great squad now."
"In the final analysis, the researchers said, the government should have made the right decision to build the facility, and should have given the government a competitive advantage."
"\"We have a lot of good players and a lot of good players in the squad, but we are not doing well,\" he said."
"The government has given a green light to the creation of a commission to investigate the impact of the new deal on the Welsh economy."
"\"I've had the same question a few times, and it's not always been the same answer,\" he said."
"\"This is the first time we've had the opportunity to go to the Olympics,\" he said."
"But the state's governor and the Republican- controlled Congress have failed to take action on Zika, and the Zika virus is not expected to pose a major threat to the state's population."
"The numbers in the paper are less clear, but the key point is that the number of people who are affected by the Zika virus is much higher than in the United States."
"We've got to be ready for that, and we're going to make sure we're prepared for that."
"The company said it was working on a fix for the problem, and said it would update customers when the fix was available."
"But it's not just the quality of the work that matters, but also the fact that it's not just the quality of the work that matters."
"It's about the players, the players, the fans, the coaches, the players, the players, the fans who want the best for their club."
"It's the first time in the last five years that the government has not been able to put a price on carbon."
"The same is true of the European Union, which has a similar structure to the United States and Canada, but with more free movement."
"The 32- year- old was found dead in his cell, according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department."
"I'm sure they would be very happy with the fact that he's here, but we'll just have to wait and see."
"\"We've got to make sure that we're not going to get caught,\" he said, as quoted by the AP."
"He said he was disappointed with the results of the inquiry, but he said he was \"not going to be going back to the government and say we've got to change things."
"It's not about the time you're getting sick, it's about what you can do to get back to the best you can."
"I was in a bad way, but I was really enjoying my time in the village and I felt like I had something to offer."
"The court heard that he was sent to the area by his father, who was in a relationship with a woman."
"The Lakers are 2- 9 in their last five games, with Bryant's last five wins coming in a loss."
"\"I was thinking, \"I'm going to be a part of this for a long time, and I'm going to make this movie,\" \"she said."
"It's a great opportunity to go out there and have a good run, and we're going to go out there and have a good run and hopefully we can get a win."
"\"I would have thought that in the short term there would be a lot of people who would get a lot of money from it,\" she said."
"\"This is a huge opportunity for us to get back into the game and make a big impact,\" he said."
"He said: \"We have to be careful that we don't get ahead of ourselves because we don't want to be in the position where we are not in the team."
"It's not clear how the money will be spent, but the money is being used to help pay for the construction of the new stadium."
"The home secretary said the two countries had a \"very strong relationship \"and that the UK would be better off if it left the EU."
"The decision to leave the EU comes as a surprise to many of those who voted Leave in the referendum, but which has been widely welcomed by many of those who voted for the UK to leave."
"The company said it expects to cut about 2, 000 jobs in the first three months of the year, up from about 1, 000 in the same period last year."
"I've always been a big fan of the fact that he's not just a great player, but a great coach."
"I just don't think it was a good idea to go through with it and I don't think it was a good idea to go through with it."
"We have to find a way to get the best out of them and I think that's what we're going to do."
"The US has been pushing the UN to impose new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear programme, amid a growing international pressure on the country."
"It is important to note that the first seven months of the year, the UK is the only EU member state to be in recession."
"The group said it had been working with police to gather information on the man and his vehicle and that it was not clear whether he had been on any drugs."
"But if you look at the other side, it's a pretty simple story- it's just that there's no way to get to the bottom of what happened."
"The problem is that this is the first time that a new generation of young people has had the opportunity to explore and develop a creative and creative process."
"I think the fans have been very good at watching us play and we have a great group of guys that can do that."
"\"The government has done nothing to address this issue and it is time for a fresh start,\" he said."
"\"We want to make sure that every child has the opportunity to have a quality education,\" he said."
"\"I know that a lot of people have been saying, \"I don't want to go,\" but I don't want to go,\" he said."
"The city's police chief says the shooting happened after the officer opened fire on a group of people walking home after a party."
"The president- elect said that he was \"very happy \"with how the U. S. has performed over the years."
"The government is also considering the idea of selling off the remaining shares of its parent company, as it has done with other companies."
"A U. S. official familiar with the discussions said the goal was to bring the U. S. and its allies to the table to discuss the possibility of a political solution to the Syrian crisis."
"\"I am not going to take anything away from what happened here,\" he said, \"and I am going to put my hand up and accept the outcome."
"\"I'm sure he's got a lot of confidence in the guys,\" the coach said, \"but it's not like we're going to be playing against him."
"But it's a very different experience to the one you have when you are on a flight from home, and I don't think that's a bad thing."
"It's about the party, it's about the party's future, it's about the future of the party, and I think that's what we have to do."
"The United States has been bombing and killing terrorists in Yemen for the past year and a half, but the military has been unable to find a way to get the drone to the ground."
"\"We are going to be looking at a lot of different things in the next few days,\" he said."
"I've had the opportunity to work with a lot of people, and I'm excited to be a part of that."
"\"We are going to be in a position where we are not going to be able to do what we need to do,\" he said."
"We will do everything in our power to help the people of Scotland and to help them get back to their homes and communities."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been granted asylum in France has doubled since the beginning of 2016."
"He is one of the most important players in the game and I am delighted to have him back."
"The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed at least 29 people and injured more than 200 others."
"\"I don't think that's the right thing to do for the people who are making that decision,\" she said."
"The club's latest bid to buy the Rams, which has been delayed for two years, has been met with fierce opposition."
"\"It's the first time I've seen the film in about a month,\" he said."
"I had a few drinks, but I don't think I had much of a drink- it was just me and a friend."
"The overall average price of a one- bedroom apartment in London is \u00a3 1, 000 less than in the U. K."
"It was a huge hit, it was the biggest hit of my career, I couldn't believe it, I thought I would never be able to play again."
"\"We are going to do everything we can to make sure that we do everything we can to ensure that the best interests of the United States and our allies are at the heart of this administration's decision,\" he said."
"The first thing I did when I was in the room was to ask my daughter what she wanted to do."
"The Obama administration is currently working to find a new leader, but has not made a final decision about a successor, a White House official said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to the playoffs and I'm excited for the guys that are in the playoffs."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide a guarantee for the poor, which would be a good thing."
"The local authority said it was investigating the matter and would take action as soon as possible to ensure that no- one was hurt."
"It's not just about the game, but the way you play, how you play and how you're going to perform in the next few weeks."
"I've never really been a huge fan of the idea of using a credit card to pay for a holiday."
"The United Nations says the number of people trapped in the rebel- held east of the city has doubled since the start of fighting in March."
"The first thing to do is to get the money out of the way, and then get it back to the people who paid for it."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. has been working with Syrian and Russian officials to support the government of President Bashar Assad in Syria."
"The German government has set up a task force to investigate the issue, which was set up by the German government in April."
"We're looking at a very different situation than we've had in the past and we're going to have to look at it more carefully."
"\"The point is, I've never done anything like this before,\" he said, adding that he was \"hopeful \"that the project would be completed."
"He said: \"The people of Scotland are the most important part of our economy- and that's why we have the best jobs in the world."
"The United States and Russia have been working to get the two sides to agree on a new deal that would allow the two countries to work together to resolve the Syrian crisis."
"\"If you're going to have a child that's going to have to work, that's the only way we're going to get them to work,\" he said."
"I know that the people who want to work in the field are going to be disappointed, and that's the way it should be."
"\"There's no way I would have predicted that we would win the league,\" he said."
"He's been in the Premier League for a long time and he's been playing with a lot of quality players."
"We are going to have a lot of people in the White House who are going to be very interested in what we are doing."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product and the quality of the service that the customer provides."
"The challenge is that the only way to do that is to allow the media to be independent and to be able to say what they want to say."
"In fact, the problem with the Republican presidential nominee is that he's not really the nominee."
"The company said it will continue to provide customers with the latest technology and services that they need, including in- store and online sales."
"\"The only thing we can do is get them to a place where they can see the help that we have,\" he said."
"In addition to the school, the school is also being used to teach the future of the school, and for the next two years, as the school is in its second year."
"I have to give credit to them for trying to get me to come back and play with a team that they had in the last few days."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, but I'll be a man,\" he said at the time."
"\"We're not going to be able to do this if we don't have the political will to do it,\" he said."
"In the United States, the average age of a white woman is 65, while in the United Kingdom, the average age of a black woman is 62."
"The University of New Hampshire, which has a very high proportion of black students, reported that black students were more likely to be admitted to college than their white peers."
"They're not going to be able to say what they're going to do when they're in the middle of the night."
"\"It's a great feeling to be in a team and to play with a lot of quality players,\" he said."
"\"The most important thing is to understand that the role of the police is to protect us and protect the people,\" he said."
"\"I feel like I have a very good shot at winning this race, so I'm just looking forward to it,\" he said."
"And the more you do it, the more you realize that it's not the only thing you can do to help others."
"We are not going to do that and we are not going to make a decision about whether we will do that or not."
"The company has been criticised for its low level of pay, which is often seen as a barrier to entry."
"\"I've been on the campaign trail for years, and I've had the opportunity to get involved,\" he said."
"The problem with this is that it's very easy to miss what you really want to see, and that is the problem with the current system."
"The new poll finds that 52 percent of Republicans said they would vote for Trump, compared to 43 percent who said they would support Clinton."
"\"I am not a fan of the idea that the US government is trying to influence the election,\" she said."
"\"If they didn't have a sense of what was happening, they would have been afraid of me,\" she said."
"The authors note that this is the first study to examine the effect of a drug on brain function in humans and that it is not the first to examine the effect of a drug on brain function in the elderly."
"I am proud to be a part of this team, and I will continue to do so, regardless of who wins."
"\"I have a lot of friends who are very, very close to the president- elect and I'm sure he is very happy to have them around,\" he said."
"\"I'm sure there will be some people who will say, \"I don't think you have the right to be here,\" \"he says."
"\"The last thing I want to do is sit in a room and watch the players and not talk about the game,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with a partner, because it's a very healthy relationship."
"He said he had been unable to find a way to get a new job after leaving his home in the early hours of the morning."
"The United States and Russia have been accused of war crimes by the United Nations and human rights groups, in a diplomatic row that has also led to the resignation of President Bashar al- Assad."
"I think he's going to be a very good player for us, and I'm sure he'll be a very good player for us in the future."
"In his speech, Mr. Trump said that he was not going to give up on the American people and that he was not going to let go the possibility of a Republican nominee who has not been seen in a long time."
"\"It's been a good thing for me and my family, and it's been a great thing for the country,\" he said."
"And that's what's going to make it so much more difficult to deal with the virus, because it's not just the virus itself."
"\"It's a really big game for us and we want to win it and we want to get the win,\" said the Spurs \"first- time manager."
"The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time since December 2015, and the central bank is expected to raise rates for the first time in almost a decade."
"The most important thing about the economic data is that it is based on the actual outcomes of a job search."
"\"It's very important to have an atmosphere of transparency, especially in the United States,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to be able to provide services for more than 300, 000 customers across the UK, Ireland, Germany, France and Ireland."
"The video is the latest in a series of events to take place in the wake of the Brussels terror attacks, in which more than 130 people died."
"I had a couple of drinks with him and we had a good discussion about the culture and the game and I think he was really impressed with the players."
"In the first half we had some good chances, but we didn't have them and we didn't take them."
"\"It's going to be a challenge, but I'm sure it will be a challenge,\" he said."
"The police chief said the officer was shot in the head, and that he was taken to a local hospital where he was listed in stable condition."
"It's been a long time coming, but I'm happy to be here, I've enjoyed it, and I'm looking forward to going to the next level."
"I'm not saying that the election was a failure, but it was a disaster that didn't get done."
"\"I'm very happy with how I've played this season, and I think that's a good thing for the club,\" he said."
"The service has been on the market since the summer of 2014, but has not been available to the public since November 2014."
"The federal government has said it will not allow the sale of the homes but will use the money to buy more affordable homes."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I was able to do that,\" he said."
"The man, who is now in police custody, told the court that he had been living in the area for some time."
"A statement from the president's office said the president had decided to appeal the decision and would meet with the families in the coming days."
"It's not the first time he has been spotted in the country, and he is believed to be a member of the U. S. Marine Corps."
"The investigation is ongoing and the victim's family is being supported by the city of Brisbane and the Brisbane Police Department."
"He's been a good friend of mine for as long as I can remember, and I'm proud of him for that."
"I have been in touch with the manager and we have discussed the matter with him, but I am not sure he will take it."
"\"I think we have to take a step back and see what we've got to do and just focus on what we've got to do,\" he said."
"The State Department has said it will provide more information on the case in the coming weeks, but the agency declined to provide further details."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to take the time to talk to your family and to talk to your friends."
"The same thing happened to me when I was a kid, and I've never been one of those people."
"I think there is a lot of pressure and it's important to get into the game and get a result."
"The move comes just weeks after the United States and Russia agreed on a new cease- fire for Syria that would see the country's forces pushed back from the front line."
"We have a great team and a great team of young players and we are going to be trying to build on that."
"I know it's not easy for me to get my head around this situation, but it's something I want to work on and do my best to do."
"The government has said it will set out its strategy for dealing with the problem in the coming months, and will set out its plans for the future."
"We've got to get on with our lives and get on with what we have and get on with our families, and we've got to get on with our jobs, and we've got to get on with our families."
"\"I would urge anyone who has information that could assist with the investigation to contact police,\" she said."
"The United States has been under fire in recent weeks for the way it has treated the country's largest refugee population."
"The new survey of 1, 000 people who have lost a parent found that the number of people who had been in a relationship had fallen by 5 per cent."
"\"We are going to have to deal with that and hopefully the people that are going to have to deal with that will be able to help,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what's going on,\" he said of the incident, which took place in the early hours of Friday."
"\"We've been in contact with the people who are in the building and we've been told there's no problem,\" he said."
"But it is very important to understand that the vast majority of people are still suffering from the effects of the crisis."
"And, of course, there are the questions of how much the Democrats can do to help Sanders in the general election."
"I think that's what we've got to do, and I think that's what we're going to get done."
"In a statement on Thursday, the group said it had \"fully recovered \"the bodies and is now on the ground in the area."
"The court heard that he had been given a \u00a3 300, 000 cash settlement by the couple and that he had also been offered a job with the charity."
"\"It's not a place to be, but I want to be there,\" he said, adding that he would be proud to be a part of the team."
"And I'm not going to lie, I'm not a huge fan of the NFL, but I'm going to be honest with you: I'm not a huge fan of the NFL."
"In the past, it has been the case that the government has put pressure on local councils to do more to encourage people to use the roads."
"The government has a responsibility to ensure that the UK has the best possible opportunity to make the most of its position as a global leader."
"He was the first player in NBA history to shoot a 60 percent from the floor in a game, and he was a key player on the Warriors \"first championship team."
"\"I've got to be honest with you, I don't think I've ever had that feeling,\" he said."
"But he has said he will not run for president again and has pledged to stop spending on his own campaign."
"The U. S. has already taken steps to address this, including the creation of a task force to address the issue."
"The government said it would seek to address the issue in a \"further update \"as soon as possible."
"It was a big day for us, a big day for the club, and we're excited to get back to work."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said:'We are aware of a number of incidents which have taken place in the area."
"The number of people who have been in prison for a long time has increased by almost 10 percent since 2001, according to the report."
"It's hard to believe that we've been sitting on the edge of the ocean for nearly a hundred years, so I'm really grateful to the people who have supported us in this fight."
"The U. S. has taken in more than 1, 000 Syrian refugees, including at least 400 children, and has given them shelter and food, according to the U. N. refugee agency."
"The group said it had received a complaint from the US Department of Justice in the US, but that it had not been made public."
"I would have to say that I'm a bit surprised to see them go away with a win, but I'm really pleased with them."
"\"I don't know if I would have played a second game if I didn't have the opportunity to be part of the team,\" he said."
"Theresa May has said she will be \"very, very, very disappointed \"if Mr Cameron's government continues to delay the UK's exit from the EU."
"The first was to make sure we had the right people in the right places, and the second was to make sure we had the right people in the right places."
"I think it's time to put a stop to it and get the right person in place to make sure that it doesn't happen again."
"\"If I have a problem with someone, I will talk to them and if they have a problem with me, I will talk to them and if they have a problem with me, I will talk to them,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying there's no chance, but I'm just saying that there are a lot of people who are not happy with it,\" he said."
"He said: \"We are concerned that the scheme could be put back into place before the end of the year, and we are looking at a full review of the scheme."
"It's not about the money, it's about the fact that we're going to have a lot of money left over to invest."
"\"I'm a little nervous because I know the film is a big hit, but I'm a little nervous as well,\" he said."
"The fact that the game is over doesn't mean we won't continue to play football."
"He said he would have to make sure the club had enough money to pay him back in full, but he was willing to help."
"It's not clear if the U. S. has a strategy for dealing with the problem, but the government's response is clear."
"The Government has said it wants to see a \"fair, comprehensive \"approach to the issue of the rights of EU citizens in Scotland."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people of Flint, and I respect the people of Michigan,\" he said."
"I think it's a big deal, but I think that the media are going to have to make a choice if they want to do that."
"\"If you're going to be president, you've got to get the message out loud and get people to vote for you,\" he said."
"The former mayor of New York City, who has been in power for eight years, is a former senator from New York."
"The woman was taken to the Royal Adelaide Hospital, where she is in a stable condition, but is expected to survive."
"The Scottish government said the \u00a3 1 billion project was a \"significant contribution \"to the economy and the environment."
"The report also said that the number of students in the UK who have attended a secondary school has risen by more than 500 per cent in the past year."
"\"It's not going to be easy for me to get through this, but I'm looking forward to it,\" he said."
"It was the first time in the United States that the group had played since winning the 2008 Masters in Chicago."
"The figures come as the UK's tourism industry continues to struggle to cope with the scale of the problem, with a fifth of the population in England and Wales living below the national average."
"The Scottish Labour leader has warned the SNP is set to lose the next general election in a bid to \"sink the \"underlying \"of the party."
"The car was found abandoned and a man was arrested after it was found on the side of the road."
"The company's earnings per share have increased by 1. 2 per cent over the last three years, while its net income has fallen by 1. 5 per cent."
"The campaign's focus on the future of the EU is driven largely by the idea that it is too big and too important to leave."
"The idea that we are going to be able to build a wall on our border and keep us out of the country because of that, that is not what we are talking about."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do in the next couple of weeks to get this thing right,\" he said."
"\"The only way to protect the integrity of the system is to make sure that the system is not abused,\" he said."
"I think the big thing for us is that we have a really good team and we have a really good team, so we have to be ready for this game."
"We are not going to have a single- issue candidate in the White House who is going to be able to say he is going to protect the interests of working people."
"The European Union is the most important trading partner of the United States, and we are not going to let this go to waste."
"The government will be forced to introduce a new law to ensure the rights of EU citizens living in the UK are protected, and to create a new national register of people living and working in the UK."
"The state of emergency is expected to last until March 15, and then extend to the end of March 2017."
"The US, the UK, France, Germany, Italy and Russia all had been targeted by IS, the report said."
"In the U. S., the Justice Department has charged more than 100 people for using the social media platform."
"In the two weeks leading up to the election, the campaign's primary states are expected to see the most attention."
"\"I don't know if he's had a bad year, but I don't know if he's had a bad day,\" she said."
"The company is also looking to expand into new markets, such as Asia, where it is already developing a pilot program."
"\"It's not about a single thing, it's about a team that's been through a lot,\" he said."
"It's a great way to get out of the city, and it's a great way to start a new life."
"I'm just so proud of the way I've come to have that confidence and to have been able to play in the last two games."
"The team said it had no evidence to back up the claims made in the report, which was released last week."
"I would like to say that I have never been a part of a group that is not about the players, but about the club."
"\"I am not going to answer that,\" she said, adding that she had been told about the incident by a member of her family."
"The Fed's next meeting is scheduled for December 19, and the Fed has said it will not raise rates until after the election."
"I don't know why he would want to do that, but it is a big risk."
"The survey found that, overall, the percentage of women aged 45 and over who said they had experienced sexual harassment or assault was almost four times higher than the percentage of women aged 18 to 24 who said they had experienced sexual harassment or assault."
"The report also said that the number of people who had their phone stolen by the hackers was about 80 per cent higher than the previous year."
"The United Nations says more than 50, 000 people are now displaced by the fighting in the north- east of the country."
"But I think it's going to be a lot better for the club if we can keep the momentum and get the points we need."
"\"We need to get rid of the old model of the EU, and we need to get rid of the old model of the UK as an independent country,\" he said."
"They're not the only ones who will have to deal with the new powers they've been given."
"I think it's a very, very important thing to have in your life that you don't think about it."
"She said she was \"not happy \"with the outcome, but said it was important to continue the dialogue."
"In a second interview, he said he had been told by a \"very good friend \"that he would have to pay \u00a3 250 for a ticket to the concert."
"But if we can get the right balance of spending and investment, we can turn the country around."
"The university has said it will provide more information about the circumstances surrounding the incident and will make a decision as soon as possible."
"The new agreement, announced on Monday, will allow for the government to begin work on a new deal by the end of the month."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I really didn't think about it,\" he said, adding that he had not spoken to his mother."
"\"I am not saying that the players should be sacked or that we should be sacked,\" he said, saying he had no intention of letting him go."
"The government's plan to reform the system will be announced in the autumn statement, and the report is expected to be published in the autumn budget in 2017."
"And the number of people who have had to leave their homes or get a job to find work has been growing, according to the Labor Department."
"The next thing you know, you're going to be back at work and you're going to have to get out of the way."
"The family of a missing Glasgow woman have been named after a second man who was found dead in his car."
"\"I'm not sure I'd want to go to the Olympics, but I'll try,\" he said."
"He's got a lot of experience and he's a very good player, but we're not going to be able to score goals."
"He is not the type of player who can be taken out of a game, and he is not the type of player who can be taken out of a team."
"\"I don't think there's any way that the government can have a child born in the UK,\" he said."
"The government has said it will take all necessary measures to ensure the safety of the public, but has not said how the measures will be implemented."
"The pair met in the summer, when he was a student at a London university, and they were married for the first time in more than 20 years."
"The first time I met him I thought he was just a guy who was looking for a job, but he's just been in the business for a long time."
"The country is currently experiencing a severe drought, with the lowest temperatures ever recorded in the country, and it has also been hit by the worst flooding in the country's history."
"The US- led coalition has been conducting airstrikes on the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for several months."
"In the past, it has been difficult to find a job in the industry that offers a degree in the area."
"\"The way I see it, if you are going to run, you are going to have to do it on a consistent basis,\" he said."
"The next day, he had a conversation with her and the next day, she told him that she was going to the hospital."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been in the public eye since his arrest in July last year."
"In fact, the only thing worse than being in jail is being in jail for a crime you didn't commit."
"The world's third largest economy is expected to report its first- quarter growth in more than a year, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"\"We don't have any information on what the result will be, we don't know what will happen with the squad,\" he said."
"We're still in the business of making the best food we can, but it's just a matter of time before we get there."
"The rise of the black vote in the last decade has brought a surge in the number of black voters to the state's highest office."
"The attack comes as Turkey is under a state of emergency imposed over the ongoing fighting in the country's war- torn country."
"The SNP is the only party in Scotland that is not a member of the European Union- which is not a bad thing."
"\"We have to make sure that we're not taking advantage of people's privacy,\" she said."
"\"We're going to be seeing more and more of the same, because it's not going to be a one- off,\" he said."
"And if you're in a good mood and you're looking for a partner, you can get it."
"In the second half, the Rams didn't have to worry about making plays and did it again."
"I don't know how you would feel if you were the only one who was on the other side of the fence."
"But the union said in a statement that it would continue to work closely with the city to try to improve the safety of drivers."
"\"I want to say that I'm very happy with the results and I'm very happy to be here,\" he said."
"But if you don't have that, you're not going to be able to compete in the next couple of years."
"She said the former secretary of state is a \"strong leader \"in the race to become the next US president."
"But I'm not going to go into details about what's going on, but I do think it's important for the players to understand that it's not just about the money."
"It's been a very tough few months for me and I'm really excited about getting back to the top of my game."
"The U. S. has been involved in the Syrian civil war since at least 2011, when Assad's forces began their offensive."
"\"We are not going to give up on the idea of being able to produce the same quality of products in the same way that we have been able to,\" he said."
"He said he was \"very disappointed \"by the decision, and that he had been told by his company's management that it would not be able to continue."
"I was still a bit of a young boy, but I was still in a really good frame of mind and I just thought it was a great opportunity."
"In the past, he has been a good manager, but he's not the kind of manager that will go out and play and give us a run for our money."
"It was a bit of a surprise, but I thought it was going to be a pretty good game."
"The company also said that it has been working on a new payment system for consumers, which is expected to be ready in the second half of 2016."
"We don't know what's going to happen, but we are going to continue to monitor the situation and try to find out what's happened."
"If we can get to a point where we can all agree that it's not a big deal, then we can win games."
"The company also said it was making more investments in the U. S., where it had previously been limited to a handful of plants."
"The EU's chief Brexit adviser said the UK would be better off without the EU's help but that it was \"not clear \"what the UK would get back."
"But I have to say, I'm not surprised that the way I look at it is so different from the way I look at the way I look at football."
"\"I would like to see a discussion about what the role of the police should be in the future,\" he said."
"The best thing about the new deal is that it means that the government is not only doing its job but it is doing it well."
"In the aftermath of the Paris attacks, the United States has been criticized for its handling of the issue."
"The first is that the new member states are now required to be members of the European Union, not just members of the EU itself."
"The government has said it will not seek the $ 1. 6 billion in funding that the government has promised for the project."
"But the key question is whether the current system is working enough to make the situation worse."
"The majority of them are in the middle of the road, so we're just trying to make it as safe and fun as possible."
"It is understood the couple had been planning to have sex for a while and had been planning to have a baby together, but she had decided to have a second baby."
"\"I have been told that he has a good chance to be president, but he's not going to be there to talk to you,\" she said."
"It's a good place to be and it's a good place to be for me, but I have to stay here."
"I don't think I've ever seen a guy in my life that was not at least a little bit comfortable in that position."
"The company says it will also have a \"huge \"market share in the UK, and is expected to have a global sales force of 40, 000 employees, with a total global workforce of about 100 million."
"The decision by the federal government to appeal the decision came after a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled that the state had the authority to do so."
"\"We are in a period of intense interest in the events of the last two days,\" he said in an interview."
"\"If you look at the Australian dollar, they have been in decline for a long time,\" he said."
"The Government has said it will keep the UK's \"sustainable \"carbon budget, but it has also said that it would make it more expensive to do business in the EU."
"It's not that I don't like it but I think that the way to get it right is to have some fun."
"I want to get to the final, and I have to win the final, but I've got to win the final, and I have to win the championship."
"It's just a matter of time, and it's not going to be easy to get back to full strength."
"\"I don't think I'm going to get a lot of sleep,\" she said, \"because I'm so busy."
"He said:'The people of this area are very concerned about the damage to their property and the damage to the community."
"But the more I thought about it, the better it was for me, because I had no idea how I would ever be able to get it back."
"He said he was not aware of any other deaths in the area, but added that the deaths were not believed to be suspicious."
"The report, which was leaked to The Independent, found that the number of victims of abuse was increasing, with more victims being identified and victims being given help."
"The American- led coalition has been conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Syria and Iraq since late July, after the group's offensive in the country."
"\"I'm sure we'll see a lot of good stuff out there,\" he said, \"but we're not going to see anything like that."
"\"I think the best way to approach it is to say, \"This is what we want, and this is what we're going to do,\" \"she said."
"In the second half, they had a lot of chances to get back into the game, but they couldn't."
"It's not a big deal, but it's a big deal to me because I've been in the middle of a lot of this."
"He also pointed out that the city's current housing stock is not as good as it was a decade ago."
"We want to see the best of what we can do in the future, and the best we can do in the long term."
"In the end, it's up to the American people to decide whether they want to have a president who will protect the American people from the threat of a Trump presidency."
"The Rams, who have won their last seven games, have lost four of their last five and are 7- 9 in their last seven games."
"\"I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I am very sad that I don't have the opportunity to come back,\" he said."
"\"I have to be honest, I didn't think I would be able to get out of this,\" she said."
"The official said the aircraft had been using a sophisticated radar system to track the aircraft's movements and was not operating in the area."
"\"I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to do what I'm supposed to do,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people with mental health problems has increased by almost 50% since the start of the financial crisis."
"The U. S. is the only major economy to have done so in the last 100 years, and the economy is the most important factor in the race for the White House."
"The couple have been married for 14 years and have two children together, aged five and four."
"The only way to win this election is to win the White House and that's what we're going to do."
"The third quarter was the worst period of the season, and the Rams (9- 8) have lost their last four games."
"He said that he would like to see a \"new politics \"for Britain's relationship with the EU."
"The survey also found that the average age of first- time buyers was 35, while the average age of first- time buyers in London was 39."
"He said the UK would be \"better off \"if it did not go ahead with the deal."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been able to put the best out there,\" he said."
"He also said that he didn't know what was going on with the men but that he was happy to be on the run."
"A new report shows that a third of the people who don't have a job are not working at all."
"But the law is unclear on what basis the person who was in charge of the website could have access to it."
"I'm not sure it's a good idea to have a child- I know I'm not alone, but I'm not alone."
"The three- year- old has been in the care of a number of care providers in Scotland, including a number who have been in the care of the child for more than 20 years."
"The same could be said for the other three candidates who have been sitting out the election so far."
"The results of the survey also revealed that 51% of those who did not know the answer to a question said they did not know the answer."
"\"The last thing I want to do is to go through this again,\" he said, adding that he would like to see more action to address the problem."
"The police have been told that if they fail to act, the force will be called in."
"\"I'm happy to be a part of this team, but I have to be very clear: I'm not going to be here to do this,\" he said."
"I think the more we can do, the better it's going to be, and it's going to be a lot better than we were last week."
"In the end, however, it was the result of a decision by the British Medical Association, which ruled that the procedure was not covered by the contract."
"The Supreme Court has not ruled on the issue, and the government has said it will appeal."
"The BBC's top 25 list for 2016, as well as the top 25 films, TV shows and musical performances of all time."
"But I think we're going to have to see if we can keep up with that pace, and if we can't."
"The fact that we have the opportunity to do something in the space of two days is a good thing."
"It is also likely that the new study will be published in the Journal of the American Medical Association and that the new findings will have a broader impact than previously thought."
"And I think that's why we need to look at the problem of sexual harassment in this country, and we need to look at what's happening in this country right now."
"But the truth is, there are a lot of people out there who are not going to be able to help you."
"The New York Times reported that the commission's report could be released as early as next week, but would require congressional approval."
"But the gap between the two is growing, and it is getting bigger, as the number of parents seeking out and sharing the world's best content is increasing."
"It was the first time in my life that I'd seen anything like this, but I was too young to understand."
"I think the thing that really stood out about the campaign was the contrast in tone between the two candidates."
"He also said that the government would be \"very careful \"in its response to the protests, which have been widely condemned."
"\"The real problem is that you don't know how to talk about it,\" he said."
"He said he was told that the local police had been called to the scene but that he was not allowed to leave the area because of the police presence."
"The result was that there was a 20 per cent fall in the number of pupils going to school, while the number of pupils going to the library dropped by 20 per cent."
"In the past, when the New York Times reported on the Clinton Foundation's finances, they were not required to release the foundation's returns."
"The national party is in a position to win a majority of seats in the next parliament, which will be called in the autumn."
"In the last six months, the number of migrants who entered Europe from Syria has increased by more than half."
"\"We're going to make sure that the people who are responsible for the crimes that are going to be committed by them are brought to justice,\" he said."
"The government has also warned that it will not be able to deliver its promised tax cuts for the rich until the end of the parliament."
"It's a great time of year for us, it's a great time of year for the Scottish National Party and we're going to make sure we do that."
"\"I think that's the way it should be,\" Trump said in an interview with NBC News."
"The proposal was welcomed by the US and South Korean officials, who said it would help close the gap between the North's missile and nuclear weapons programs."
"\"The question is whether we can get the balance right, and I'm not sure we have that yet,\" he said."
"The plan was to send the plane back to the US, but it has been delayed, he said."
"He's also a really good player, he's a really good player and we've got to make sure we can get him back."
"The Bank of England is not expected to raise interest rates again until March, a year from now."
"If they were to get out of the EU, it would be a big step for them and their children."
"The challenge is not just to find a way to make the system work, but to create a system that works for everyone."
"He also said he was \"very excited \"to be a part of the show, and was looking forward to the opportunity to play a part in the future."
"I'm not going to lie: I'm not the only person in the room who has been through this."
"We are at a stage where we have to work very hard to make sure that we are the best team we can be."
"\"I think he's been a very good player, and he's been a very good player for a long time,\" he said."
"The NHS is struggling with the number of patients it has to treat, and the government is not doing enough to help the patients who need it most."
"In the absence of any concrete evidence, the government is likely to seek to avoid any public debate, even if it is a legal issue."
"\"It's hard to imagine a better place to be than the White House,\" he said in the video."
"\"I think it is a good thing to be able to have the kind of experience that I had last year,\" he said."
"\"We are going to make sure that all of our students are taken care of,\" she said."
"In a letter to the government, the British Medical Association said it was concerned about the risks of the practice."
"The Prime Minister's spokesman said: \"The Prime Minister's comments are a clear attack on the Prime Minister and his Government."
"The European Union and Turkey have been on high alert since a suicide car bombing killed 130 people in Ankara on Friday."
"We've got to get better at what we're doing and we've got to do it right."
"\"We've got to get it out of the way and make it the best it can be,\" he said."
"He was a great player, but he was also a great coach, and he was very important to the team, and he was a great person."
"I think it's a great thing to be able to do something with the kids and get them to do it."
"The study found that women who went to the hospital for a heart attack were nearly three times more likely to die from the disease than those who didn't go."
"\"It's something that I've got to be careful about,\" he said in a telephone interview from New York."
"\"We've got to start with a real focus on the next few weeks, and then move on to the next big game in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to recognize that the people who make this film are not the people who made this movie,\" he said."
"He said: \"I think it is fair to say that there are people out there who don't believe that there is any sort of relationship between the NHS and the NHS."
"The campaign also released a video of a man who was attacked and killed by a group of people in New Jersey."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 8 billion from investors in September, bringing its total revenue in China to $ 7. 5 billion."
"The family's new home is located in the heart of the city, and is surrounded by a 1, 500- foot- high swimming pool."
"\"I don't think that's fair to the people of Louisiana,\" he said, adding that he has not spoken with the governor."
"It is a fact that the number of people who have been in prison has increased by over a third."
"\"I think it's a big mistake to take away the opportunity that the mayor gave the city,\" he said."
"\"If I'm playing, if I'm playing well and scoring goals, I'm going to be happy,\" he told Sky Sports."
"And that's where we've been, in the last few days, we've been working hard, trying to get the team ready for the season."
"The Australian Federal Police said it had arrested a man on suspicion of murder after the man's body was found in a car in Sydney's south- west on Thursday."
"But the United States, which has long sought to restore a balance between security and democracy in the Middle East, is being forced to make the most of the opportunity."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it or not,\" he said."
"The average price for a flat- screen TV in the U. S. was $ 1, 500 last year, according to the U. S. government."
"If you have a problem with a product or service, then you should get it fixed quickly, but if you have a problem with a product or service, you can always get it fixed within two weeks."
"In a statement, the charity said: \"We are deeply concerned about the continuing abuse and abuse of our staff and patients by the Government."
"We've been working on the film for a while, and I think it's a good idea."
"A lot of the time, I'll be working out on the plane and I'll be in the back of the plane and I'll be in the back of the plane."
"We have had a lot of good people come in to try and help us, but we have had a lot of people who have been in the area for a long time."
"In the past few years, we have seen a very rapid increase in the number of children being taken to the emergency department."
"The former secretary of state also said she was \"very confident \"she would win the Democratic nomination for president."
"It's a very different environment and it's a very different team to the way we played last year."
"The former governor of New York, who is also a Republican, said he would vote for Trump if he were the Republican nominee."
"I've been here for more than 20 years, and I've never seen anything like this."
"The only way to get the best deal for the American people is to vote for a candidate who will work to make America great again."
"It's not like I've been doing anything new in the past year, so I've just got to keep working hard."
"\"I think we're going to have a good time and hopefully we'll be back in business in a couple of years,\" he added."
"The move, which is expected to be announced by the government on Friday, is the latest in a series of steps to cut the amount of money that the UK's EU partners spend on EU migration and public services."
"The second thing I would like to say is that I am a strong supporter of the Brexit campaign."
"\"There's no doubt that there are going to be many problems,\" he said, adding that he was pleased with the outcome."
"\"I have a lot of respect for him, but he's a great guy and I think he's a great coach,\" she said."
"The group's first report in the U. S. is expected in September, but the group said it will not release more details until after that."
"The report said the government would have to demonstrate that it had been doing enough to make the case for the benefits of EU membership."
"We're going to have a great year and a great season, but we're going to have to go out and play like we've played in the past."
"The government has pledged to cut the deficit by 2. 4 percent of GDP in the next three years and to balance the books by the end of the decade."
"\"I'm going to go to the United States, and I'm going to be as loud as I can be,\" he said."
"It's not the first time that the show has gone viral on social media, with some of the most popular photos and videos on the site."
"The couple's son, who was born in the UK, was born in Sweden, but his parents were from the US."
"I don't think it's too much of a stretch to say that the people who are talking about the future of this country are not the people who are thinking about the future of the country."
"\"I think we have to be careful, we have to be careful about what we say, we have to be careful about what we say, but it's very important for us to be careful about what we say,\" she said."
"The new law would be the first time that the state has required a law that is similar to what is required in other states."
"If we had a vote on the first ballot, I think we would vote for a second ballot, because that's the way it's supposed to work."
"The Scottish government has been accused of failing to act on a request by the Scottish Parliament to set out the case for the introduction of a national living wage in Scotland."
"But I think the idea that you can't change the facts of a situation, that's not what we're trying to do."
"A spokesman for the city said the fire was under control at the time of the incident and the fire department was investigating."
"\"We are going to keep working with the police to find the man who killed her,\" she said."
"It is also believed that he was aware of the amount of money he had been given by his employers, and had been given the impression he was a good person."
"The British government has refused to comment on the details of the investigation, saying it is a private matter."
"The state of emergency has been in effect for more than a year, but it has been extended for another year."
"But it's the only way we can get to the bottom of what happened and we need to speak to the families and the families of the people who are missing."
"I'm sure he'll be a big part of that and he's been a big part of our success this year."
"I've been on a lot of great teams and I've been playing a lot of teams, but I've never been on a good team and never been on a great team."
"They have been told that the case will be dismissed if they don't follow the court's orders."
"The report, which was released on Monday, also found that the number of women in custody rose from 2. 9 per cent in 2014 to 3. 2 per cent in 2015."
"The first thing I did was to talk to the man I had just met and told him I would be coming to the UK."
"If we had gone to the next game, we would have had a chance to win the league and we didn't."
"The Department of Health said it was \"committed \"to the UK's \"strong and stable \"establishment and continued membership of the European Union."
"The question now is whether the Prime Minister can have a good word with the Queen on the issue."
"We have a lot of young guys, and they have to make the most of their opportunities to play."
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are the most affected by this issue are the people who are most affected by the issues."
"It's not a great feeling, but it's a good feeling for me to be playing the way I'm playing."
"But that doesn't mean it's going to be easy for us to get back into the game."
"The next day, I got a phone call from the president, saying, \"Mr. President, we're going to have to talk to you."
"He said he had spoken to the victim's family and was trying to find out what had happened and what had happened to the girl."
"The program has already been used in other countries, including Australia, Canada and the United States."
"I have a very strong belief that we can be a better team, and that's why we are here."
"\"It's a new challenge for us, but we're very confident we can do it,\" he said."
"The show is being broadcast on the BBC, and will be available to watch on BBC One and BBC Two and on the BBC i service."
"The same cannot be said for the rest of the country, which has been hit by a string of high- profile cases of sexual assault."
"\"We're going to go after people who have a record of abuse, and we're going to go after people who have committed abuse,\" he said."
"\"It's a great thing to see people who were not here, people who have been here for a long time and are here to see it,\" he said."
"\"The worst thing you could do is have a family and a job, and then come home and have to go to work,\" she says."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad, but I don't think we have enough good players,\" he said."
"\"I feel like I'm the only person who can make this team, and I'm the only one who has the ability to win,\" he said."
"The government's announcement is a welcome boost to the sector and will help to drive down the cost of electricity to low- and middle- income households."
"\"We're just going to keep doing what we're doing and it'll be great,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get some momentum going and hopefully we can get some momentum going in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"He's got a lot of work to do and I'm sure he'll be back in a couple of weeks to get ready for the big match."
"In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, he said he had been \"very clear \"about his views on the issue."
"He said: \"We've got to take a stand, and we've got to speak out loud and clearly about what we've got to do."
"The United States, Russia and the Syrian government have all said they will not back the rebels, and the U. S. has expressed confidence in Russia's ability to fight."
"But what I don't know is whether we're going to be able to come back and do something that we haven't done before."
"The only way to stop them is to have a conversation about them, and that's what I'm trying to do."
"The government's plan to cut carbon emissions has been a major talking point for the past two years."
"It's not that the decision to go to the third round of the playoffs is easy, but it's a decision that we made for ourselves."
"\"We have a lot of young people in the country, but I think they have a lot of experience in politics and a lot of experience in the world,\" he said."
"We're going to have to be able to get our hands on the ball a bit more and play a bit more."
"The researchers also found that the average number of times people were asked to give up their seat was now about 25 per cent."
"But the family's appeal is now over, with the judge ruling that it is now time to appeal."
"But, in a statement, the government said it had made a decision not to allow the British embassy in the United States to remain."
"The report says that the average number of children living in a school is about 25, 000, and the number of pupils who are not attending school is more than 100, 000."
"The Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, has not been able to strike a deal with the Republican front- runner to secure the nomination."
"And it's not just the death of a loved one, it's the death of a loved one's family, and the loss of a loved one's family."
"\"The way I'm feeling right now is I'm not feeling very good,\" she said, adding that she would like to move to a different state."
"But the first thing you have to do is do what the person you're talking to is going to do."
"The first thing we have to do is to get him to a place where he's not going to be a danger to himself and others."
"The victim, who was a married father of two, was rushed to the Royal Brisbane Hospital where he was treated for his injuries."
"But I think it's important to get the right balance of the team and to make sure that you can do that."
"He's a guy who's got a lot of experience, so it's going to be a tough game."
"He's going to be on the bench, and we're going to have to do everything we can to make sure he's 100 per cent."
"But I'm just happy to be back in the Premier League and I'm happy to be back playing and playing well and playing well for the team."
"\"It's not the time for a discussion of the future of this country,\" Mr. Obama said at the time."
"The source said that the police had been looking for a man and a woman who had been found at the scene."
"If you want to see the results, it's a good idea to come to the stadium and see the game."
"The police had been unable to get to the scene of the shooting because of the poor weather, but the officers had been able to take the call."
"\"The most important thing is to keep the ball in the team's court and not make mistakes,\" he said."
"The report also notes that some of the most vulnerable people in society are the least likely to be able to access the services of a legal aid service."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, and a 21- year- old woman is in custody."
"The bill would have made it easier for the U. S. government to get access to such data, and would have made it easier for the government to keep such data."
"\"I don't think we are going to be able to do that,\" he said of the issue."
"\"I think the fact that we're on a mission to make sure that every child has a safe and healthy environment is a positive thing,\" she said."
"\"I have a very strong feeling that if I don't do what I have said, then I will be the president of the United States,\" he said."
"He's a great player, a great player, but he's got a lot of work to do."
"The official said that the new information came from an investigation by the U. S. government and was based on \"ongoing interviews with individuals who were present at the crash and at the crash site."
"\"I think the question is, what is the point of having the system if you can't change it?\"she said."
"He said he did not know whether the two were related, but said he would have been surprised if the man had been the same age."
"I think we're all very proud of the fact that we've got a group that is in a really good position to get results."
"It's a lot more difficult than it was for me, but I'm very happy to be here."
"The man said he was driving home from a party when he was stopped by a police officer and was told to get out."
"\"I'm so happy to be able to go to the Olympics again, and hopefully the fans will be happy too,\" he said."
"It's a great way to start the year off and get back to the way we started the year."
"We've got to make sure we have the right support system and that's what we're going to do."
"The company said it expects to earn $ 1. 3 billion in the first quarter, about 10 percent of its current revenue."
"The average price of a year's supply of homes in the UK has fallen by 5% in the last year."
"He said:'It is a sad thing to see, but we must be honest about it and accept that it is not a normal part of our lives."
"But a new poll finds that voters are less optimistic about the future than they were two years ago, and they're less optimistic about the future than they were a year ago."
"\"We're looking at the market, we're looking at the market, we're looking at the market,\" he said."
"The only way to stop this is to make sure that you don't give in to the feeling that you are in a situation where you can't be happy."
