"I can't say what would happen if the cause of death was diagnosed at the time of the accident, but my advice is that there is no danger of the person being taken into care."
"\"We feel that it is important that the administration of President- elect Trump be held to a higher standard than that of previous administration,\" he said in a statement."
"\"This is one of the great- unknown wins of the season, and we didn't have that yet,\" said Brown."
"The EU was very serious about this and will certainly do everything we can to continue to help to ensure this does not happen again."
"The draft policy also says the government will seek to \"build a strong and stable electoral base \"with the backing of the majority of members of the ruling party."
"Of course, the Dodgers only managed to score six runs in three innings after going 0- for- 5 on their road trip."
"But it's not going to happen if we don't get it right and I think we're in a good position to do that."
"\"For years, we've been working together to improve the quality of our water systems, and we're going to deliver on that by investing in clean water infrastructure,\" he said in an interview."
"As I recall it, though, many of us have been working on this issue as a team for the last 18 years."
"We must teach them about the nature of social control and their ability to control their own actions,\" she said."
"In this climate we need to be more sensitive to the impact and the danger of climate change, because what is happening now is not going to be repeated."
"The couple have decided to separate from their children as they have no other children and have been in contact with them through social media."
"In a recent TV interview, she told how she was always told that she was taking too long to reach her destination."
"\"I think it's going to be an exciting year for me and a good year to kick off,\" he said."
"While he says he is not guilty of murder, he would have been in a worse place had he been a victim of domestic abuse."
"I was just so pleased to see the wonderful staff and the support they've provided me throughout this process."
"While many people on the street today know they are getting what they want from their mobile phone, the rights of privacy and freedom of movement are in danger of being taken away."
"A while back I did the blog, and it was a pretty amazing thing to have done in one sitting."
"The company also issued a statement saying that it is \"not involved in any criminal matter \"at this time."
"There have been numerous plans put forward in recent months by City to build a mixed- use tower."
"What you see on the images is how I can feel, but what we're seeing is what the characters see on the screen."
"It's important that we have control over who gets credit and who gets sent to college, and that we have the resources to protect our students from sexual violence."
"I think it will be a good decision for them to take the forward step but we will look for other options for the future."
"They also noted that, on average, the number of people who have signed up for a service had grown since 2009, rising from 50, 000 a year in 2005 to over 80, 000 a year in 2015."
"Some of the gains came after the stock price hit an all- time low of $ 39. 75 on Tuesday."
"\"The facts are clear: there is a real risk that this is an isolated incident and there is a real possibility of a greater attack,\" he added."
"The operation was the third attempt to arrest a Turkish- British citizen in the UK over the past five years, following an arrest in July this year."
"The next thing I knew, I had the feeling of having my head flying all over the place."
"That in itself is no surprise, but it also marks the start of the next phase of Mr. Trump's anti- China rhetoric."
"At the moment, around 80 percent of all kids go through these types of experiences, and many of them do it for only the love of the child."
"The last government had already said it wanted to ban the practice, but it has now promised to phase it out in a free trade deal between the UK and the EU."
"With that in mind, we're also looking at how we will create or maintain that environment in the future."
"Despite his own policy positions, the former secretary of State has remained in close touch with business leaders across the US who have supported his campaign."
"That's why the desire of the Dodgers to go out and put them on the back foot as often as possible, as often as possible, is so strong."
"\"It was a combination of all the things I was doing,\" the star says, noting that he's also working on a movie."
"It was something I would take and make some changes, but it was something I would never do if I didn't have a woman on board."
"\"I know these messages are coming from people who never went to the White House, because it is not easy to win,\" Clinton said."
"I think it's a good way to show people who you really are, that you're not alone."
"In the debate, she said Trump had, \"perfectly and completely changed his position \"on the Iran nuclear deal, and he has done so with \"no public comment \"since then."
"The company has not publicly announced plans to expand, but it is believed to be the first big change of its kind since the company's success in the run- up to last year's global financial crisis."
"\"People were scared, but they were going to make their case, and we just didn't do anything,\" he said."
"The man also wanted was charged with four counts of attempted murder and one count of attempted robbery and has been released on $ 10, 000 bail."
"But the law still requires employers to provide health insurance for people under age 65 and would leave them less eligible to receive benefits."
"The 27- year- old scored the winning goal in the quarter- final on a corner kick."
"In recent years, the two parties have changed their positions on who will become the next UN secretary- general, whose job will be to put the new General Assembly together."
"\"That was the first time I've seen my daughter grow up and get the same respect,\" he says."
"It was so unusual for him, because it didn't happen that often in my experience, that he didn't take the time to sit there and listen to it."
"Her family said she had been in a relationship with a girl of the same name for years, but has not been with either of the men."
"I wish you the best of luck to see you in London and I look forward to seeing you soon- until then, have a great weekend!"
"On one hand, voters fear that the next U. S. president will make an especially tough pick for a Middle Eastern leader."
"You are going to be very happy if you have a great experience, as long as you don't give them a reason not to do it."
"That may change, but he isn't planning on going back on the company's back- up plans."
"And it will mean the option of paying for the maintenance of the existing facility, which is estimated at $ 1 million per year."
"\"I would like to believe that, in the past, the vast majority of the men and women who have been elected to office in this country have done the right thing,\" she said."
"It was more important than ever before that we put more work and thought into the product which didn't mean we couldn't do it."
"\"We're going to continue to build on our foundation and we're going to work as hard as we can,\" Trump said."
"Theresa May has said her government has a \"different understanding \"of the ways in which the EU is working with Britain."
"The economy grew by 0. 5 percent in the third quarter, the fastest rate in more than six years, but unemployment remained at a three- year low."
"You know, I've been very clear in my position in the campaign that we will not, we will not accept such a position."
"He has done so much over the years, but he seems to have lost all of it to this very strange world."
"\"People don't want to know about the age of their daughter's boyfriend,\" she told the court."
"There's been a steady decline in the rate of inflation since the Fed raised interest rates last December in response to the challenges of low interest rates in the global economy."
"\"I think the timing is great for us because I think we are able to do that because of the people we have here,\" he said."
"The service was launched earlier this month in the United States, but has since been turned away in South Korea and Taiwan."
"The biggest problem with that is that it means that this nation will have a great deal of influence over other nations, so it is very difficult to defend in the future."
"\"It's an ideal place for me to play, it's nice, and I'm not going anywhere,\" Murray said."
"He said he had not sought any further help and would be moving towards hospital, but had been being treated at home."
"\"We thought that this would be a very normal piece of business for them to be performing,\" he said."
"But once we saw some of the injuries, and saw some of the long- term consequences, we just kept saying, well, maybe we've seen all this and we need to be careful."
"And the wealthy get a lot of that-- and there is a wealth of information on that-- including from the Clinton Foundation."
"We should have more people coming in and telling us what to do with our resources and doing what they want to do."
"Many of those who were there are now children of workers who didn't have a dad for more than 20 years."
"That could make it impossible for people to take a photo or video of themselves taking a photo- or sending one out to friends and family."
"He has a considerable list of commercial partners, with one of his most popular ones being the European banking sector."
"In the past week I've heard from people who are saying they have seen a big change in their communities, they have seen a growth and people are coming together to build a better future."
"At least 35 people were killed and hundreds more were wounded in the attack on a packed market in the rebel- held eastern part of Aleppo."
"The government has told the public that more than half of the people it says are affected by the Zika virus."
"I was just trying to get the ball in his hands and see if he could make a play."
"Police investigating the shooting on the same night say they have evidence that he is suspected of planning to carry out a terrorist attack."
"In January, China said it will open up a full- scale financial center in South Korea, bringing its economy to the next level."
"I wish that he would come back and work with me, but I don't want him to go back and work with me."
"In practice, however, the strategy has been tested over decades in a handful of small but increasingly large cities."
"She is trying to get married and has been thinking about having a child for a while, but there is no good reason to think it is not possible."
"But he said: \"I would argue there are two main options, which is a temporary wage cap and a temporary cut in the rate of inflation."
"We will open it up on Friday, and then it's open to the press as well, but I won't be here talking about it."
"I've been in it for a year and I still feel confident, although I've lost my confidence."
"\"I don't know what they are going to do,\" she said, referring to their recent spending cuts."
"The pictures from the game showed that they were involved in what seemed like the most difficult transition for the team, but they did not play badly."
"\"This is not about race,\" Trump told the crowd, according to the Associated Press."
"However, the app's recent changes to user data could still be subject to regulatory changes in other countries."
"\"It's a club that has played in front of the fans for the last 20 years and they've never been so competitive,\" he said."
"\"There's nothing better than being able to go out there and say you're a very good person, and I'm a very good person,\" he says."
"You just had to get him out of the stadium, you can't turn back time, because he'll still be there, and he'll stay."
"The body also said it would assist with the investigation and take appropriate action against those responsible."
"\"A true tragedy happens when someone who has some sort of relationship to an animal falls victim to the sick and get injured,\" she said."
"The company will also use its fleet to help customers buy or sell other vehicles, according to a press release issued by the company."
"\"If we can come up with a way to get this budget through, that will be the only way to get it done,\" he said."
"\"He's not coming in at his own pace and his comfort level is much lower than we would like,\" he said, according to the website of the museum."
"The cease- fire followed Russia's support of Syrian President Bashar al- Assad and Syrian opposition groups."
"In the UK there is very little reporting on it- or, if it is broadcast to the public it does little to shed light on the context of terrorism."
"The 55- year- old actress said she was \"worried \"about the outcome of the proposed recall in light of the highly controversial fashion show she is attending."
"However, the leak was not given the green light so quickly as some have suggested- it came from a private group."
"\"If you ask him if he thinks he's going to take on somebody that has been in the league a long time, he'll tell you it doesn't matter,\" Wright said."
"A Google spokeswoman said:'We are focused on making sure our world is safer for all those working in the world's leading businesses."
"One man has been taken to hospital in connection with the incident and is expected to survive, according to the Star."
"But critics have pointed out that the IS fighters are believed to still be using the facility, although they have been reduced to a handful of fighters."
"In our time of need, we are no longer being asked to be the bad guys on the other side of the ball."
"I couldn't possibly take it, but I felt like it was important to me and I felt like I could have done more than just get it for my birthday."
"While Trump has been doing well with voters, this is his first general- election loss and he has not yet given the voters their first vote."
"A 63- year- old man is charged with causing the death of a person who was killed by police, it was reported."
"They have a player in here who hasn't played a game in a few weeks and he's putting everything away and not scoring goals."
"The \"go \"in that case was as follows: \"Who is it that you will have to answer at the end of the book?"
"\"You're a billionaire, you're going to be able to make some money,\" he said."
"'The primary purpose was not to get more votes but to reduce the number of people leaving their homes."
"The Syrian authorities will now have a greater say in future elections, which are expected to be held in mid- 2018."
"Some of those who lost loved ones were killed by the plane's missiles, while others were trapped in the seats."
"The President- elect's tax returns will be made public on Friday after the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia."
"You have to be careful, however, because sometimes you don't know what you are getting into unless you are left with your entire relationship."
"We're going to see the future of our party, and the future of the country, in a way we haven't had in almost a generation."
"The vast majority of asylum- seekers- including many children- are fleeing the violence in their home countries- mainly Syria- and it is up to people who actually want to settle here to be sure that they will be safe there."
"What is striking about the fact that there is a law that is in effect that allows us to take a transgender person to a hospital for a medical emergency."
"I don't want to be treated like a character because of what I have been through and I know we need to change that."
"It is almost as if they have taken the idea and turned it into a service and even though I don't know why, they are able to say to me that I should really think."
"But what if the company wasn't as a result a great deal of interest from a significant number of customers, at a much lower price than that offered by the traditional solution?"
"\"We expect that the Scottish government will continue to work with the Foreign Office and with the Scottish Parliament on this important issue,\" a Foreign Office spokeswoman said."
"\"He asked me to look after the kids and I thought he was crazy and didn't know how to respond,\" the teen said."
"That has been the problem with this election, the problems with the whole election when you know the result of that election."
"It's also the area where all of these things would eventually play out, and would bring the United States into conflict."
"The agreement will see every single aid worker and every household with a bank or an airline send \u00a3 1, 000 in emergency checks to get them covered."
"A UK- wide ban will be announced later this month after an initial consultation, which takes six weeks, is concluded."
"He said:'If there is any sort of problem that I can go to hospital, that is my situation."
"He said he'd come from a small village, but knew how to grow vegetables from the soil."
"We're getting our first food safety test at a McDonald's in a short period of time,\" said McDonald's CEO John King."
"He was injured at the time but he's done so well in the first two weeks of training camp and it's all about taking him into the starting line- up."
"So I decided to just write my own and try to take on everything that's in there, without thinking."
"It also said that there was \"no clear evidence to suggest that the House was split \"on whether to support a second referendum."
"What we really need is a candidate who will actually seek to address those concerns and talk to a broader audience, to focus on issues of fundamental concern."
"\"It's going to be tough but you've got to be patient and you've got to look at what you do,\" he says."
"The teen, who is a three- year veteran, was arrested on May 1 and released on $ 10, 000 bond."
"I mean, it's just a story about me and the guy who shot him, and I just don't understand why that guy is running around shooting this guy, and I know how crazy he is."
"She said:'I didn't realise what the nurse was saying until I went down the street to see her."
"The auction house said on Friday it was seeking to reduce its auction- favourite target from \u00a3 7, 500 to \u00a3 4, 500 for the first time in its history, where it would be listed as the main event."
"On the other, at the time I was probably in the middle of most of it- not so much the time I spent with my parents, but the time I spent with them."
"But this doesn't mean that I can't be supported- but I need to understand that in order to do that I have to listen to people who are against the Syrian regime and with it the whole system."
"You can't even see that from the picture, because all you see is your wife, or your son."
"The six- week old was then declared dead at the scene, and investigators are hunting for one of the brothers responsible for the incident."
"It's the first time that he has ever come in as a defensive player and played in the NBA."
"The couple had worked hard to make their dream return as a family home, which is where they still live with their children."
"This means that at least one or two migrants may be arrested, but they have to be let out of the camp themselves."
"The agreement between the government and the union, seen by Reuters, calls for the group's three main members to be paid in full."
"A spokesman for the Victorian Premier League club said the new league was being rolled out to Melbourne and Melbourne was a good fit with the state of the game."
"For me, it's just about making sure that I have a good run in and hopefully put it all behind me and, hopefully, win the Super Bowl."
"That's really what we've got here in New York, we've got a really good roster right now."
"The new guidelines were introduced to improve awareness among health care providers, who are already particularly concerned about the widespread use of so- called \"vitamins \"in patients."
"\"It's not easy to win a division like this, but you always have to ask yourself, \"Is this going to be great?\"and \"Is this going to be fun?\"to win."
"It's just another way of playing and just the desire of the players, and it's a belief which we know is true."
"The report also found that nearly half of adults (44 per cent) experienced difficulties maintaining the diet over the course of their lives."
"I have written to the Prime Minister, my colleagues, the President of the Senate, and all the people involved in the Government to ask why we don't take this action."
"I'm taking it a bit more seriously because you need someone with a brain to tell you what you should or shouldn't eat."
"Now they're taking it back to Washington, and Obama is going to say something nice about his \"historic \"approach to the question of torture."
"It was a long time ago and we want to be with you, we want to be with you, and we know how much you've meant to us."
"This is what I mean by the best of the best of the best and the most optimistic that I can be, in my head."
"So much has happened and so much has happened in the last 24 hours that the last part of the morning is not a good day for my business."
"They also had some decent performances when the third- quarter kick was first up, with the boys giving it all they could get."
"The panel said the spending was in line with the government's current assessment, and it was \"appropriate \"for ministers to support a further review of their plans."
"\"I felt strongly that in order for us to succeed, this campaign would also succeed if we could get 60% of the vote,\" he said."
"\"I think that when we have the capacity to listen, we can get the information,\" he added."
"But there's no one way to look at it, that's what I'm going to try to do."
"Now they've got some big moments in the third and fourth innings of the big game and we're expecting to make some plays."
"We've got to put that together with a mix of players that we can trust and we can get more quality from the guys that we've got."
"I think that there is always more in life than what you get in, but I never let myself think about the bigger picture."
"But it's not just the size of the budget that gets mentioned, because most of us have to spend two to three days a month on the road."
"He has already committed to building a new house in the north of England, which he has promised to build in a week or two."
"We are here to do something- and we are hoping for a lot of different things- and it is an amazing feeling."
"The attack came after a Brussels court ordered his arrest on Sunday after a string of terror attacks in Belgium."
"However, under the EU's refugee rules, all EU citizens who are not currently living in the UK must be living in the UK."
"He used to walk around the house with the kids, and when he was only four or five years old, he would sit and do exercise and drive the children around."
"The EU, which is the most important single market in the world, is about to be seen to be in danger of collapse."
"Despite the difficulties, which are often a direct result of poor fitness, it's all right to think of life in the technology- related field."
"You need to be able to attract a wider pool of people to the game of golf than you ever have in the past."
"\"I felt like a lot of the things I was getting was because I needed to be in the pool,\" she said."
"'There are people who will throw money at you, because they can't wait for the day you are laid to rest."
"In the three months to the end of June, the market is expecting a 0. 5 per cent rise in energy prices."
"That's why we made it clear that we're committed to staying with the EU as we continue to operate in a more open environment."
"And to save a member of the royal family, I would say, who's trying to be the first to reach out and say, you know, please, please, please help me."
"I want to push for more people who have a positive view and who are interested in doing a good job."
"It's pretty clear that the United States is not going to accept it, especially when that is on the side of the victims of violence."
"It also added that one of the issues in the public debate was that there had been no dramatic change in the proportion of people who are self- employed."
"I think it would be a very significant opportunity for the UK to push out from its open membership of the European Union."
"A woman in New York who has lived in San Francisco since her baby was born was later found dead in her New York home."
"This was the challenge we've had at the top for quite some time, and to achieve it at this level, as I did, was one of the reasons why I chose to stay in the United Kingdom."
"\"I was in there thinking that I would give myself a break, but I ended up getting three big runs and two long balls,\" he said."
"The accused was reportedly due to make a statement at the time of the shooting and was on the way to the police station for a meeting."
"The jury will now have to decide on whether or not he should be jailed for life, after the country's most senior jail officer handed down his sentence."
"And as I have been saying for the past couple of weeks, it's easy to just move on and get on with the job."
"The figures came as Mr Obama spoke at the head of his Asia conference in Singapore, where he will hold a two- day visit."
"It's true that many people take medication to help them avoid becoming infected but it is hard to get people to stop using it."
"The BBC warned last week that the latest figures showed that fewer than half of Conservative MPs planned to back Brexit than they would have."
"Because I could just take him to the stadium, but not because of a contract or anything, because the salary cap is so large."
"If you want to play for Celtic or Tottenham, why not a few months ago, then you could go there and get a deal."
"I was thinking this is what the world needs and what I do will help me get there, but then I looked at my camera and it was obvious it was gone."
"\"For me, the biggest thing, it's a player that can't be a leader of the team for a team,\" said Green."
"He does not want to put our own information on the table, he wants to see how we achieve what we have."
"He also said the risks were real and they could be passed on to the private sector."
"But Clinton said the group is a \"significant source of cooperation with the state departments \"and said the evidence suggests Clinton used her aides for classified work."
"In the end, both parents chose to take their children to the park with their families, including their own."
"It's an issue for us right now, not just with the treatment of Syrian children but with ISIS fighters in the Middle East."
"The Home Office is currently looking into claims the most senior people in the family are at risk of being murdered in the UK."
"This is why I think he should be kept in jail- he's out there for the UK courts and is not in any way connected to this country."
"He said:'This is the first time I've really seen anything like this, it looks like somebody's done something to the ship."
"We have this big narrative going around that if you don't get excited, you don't get excited, you don't get excited about the game."
"The first thing I wanted to do was to make sure I got the word out to my family, because there's so many things you can't express."
"All the gains that we are making are not just in individual terms, but at the national level too."
"And while the industry has long tried to shift the focus to small business, it remains far from strong."
"I think the central idea is that in the end, what matters is a person who makes money, who knows how long it will take, who knows what it will cost."
"To be considered a perfect candidate for the two- term president, Cruz is getting hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from wealthy donors."
"\"The only thing I can say is that I think that they could have had a different story,\" Obama said."
"It's a tough situation because we're a very strong team, and we can play like that all the time."
"The Department of Justice will continue to seek legal advice in the event that the FBI does not act quickly."
"The rules should be changed, in the interest of transparency, but the department still has not said what it will do."
"\"I think it would be very difficult to come to a different position than this one but it's not about what is in my pocket,\" he said."
"It would be very hard for someone to get their life back, but I'm sure I can get it back."
"To be fair, I can't blame the players, but I don't think the team took the right decision in terms of the situation."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to work with him,\" Scott said of the post- game press conference."
"The report also notes that the EU is not interested in a policy that is likely to deliver the same results as the one achieved by the previous administration."
"If you're not on the list, you probably won't feel like you've made a lot of money when you turn the page."
"'We don't need to be worried about what is in the water,' she said, adding that the decision will be made this week."
"I think it is the perfect venue for both sides, in the sense of getting that three points and that was the nature of the tournament."
"It's one of the best positions to be, especially with your legs out on the ground."
"The board noted that that it had received a series of phone calls from various businesses, most of which said they believed they should remain."
"The AFL's current average of franchise ownership is about $ 1. 5 million and the league is believed to be about $ 1. 8 million in debt, according to its latest estimates."
"He said: \"We've seen lots of players get hurt so I'd expect some more information to come out and I'd expect it to be better."
"When we announced this idea, we weren't expecting it, but we thought it would be interesting to see what it was like."
"While one young man died at the scene, the others were not immediately identified and investigators are still trying to determine who they were."
"It's the first time since 2010 that we've hosted a human- trial game."
"He did not see the alleged drug- dealing, or her heavy drinking, before the judge and the jury."
"This is why we have our own international office, our own time, and we've got to move fast."
"If you think we are giving it away, we are keeping people out of our country, and we are not going to do that."
"So the question is, in what sense is it just another one of those kind of things that happen when there's violence in a country?"
"But the fear is that if this all goes ahead, Trump's supporters would be forced to feel more confident about the Republican Party and its ability to win."
"This report is made possible by the support of a UK Government grant which goes towards keeping this programme running for another four years."
"Mr. Trump's three big rivals for the GOP nomination are Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz or John Kasich."
"But he said it would also serve as an opportunity for him to press his case in Congress to push for reforms."
"\"This is a hard game to win but I thought the first goal was important, I was pleased with the effort we had put in, we just didn't keep going,\" he added."
"After winning a penalty, however, United began to come through more and more with the more creative attacks of the second half."
"The team that was watching us in the pre- season was really excited about the challenge and the challenges of being the first professional football team to get to where we are now."
"\"There were a number of times I felt that we had to go back, we had to go to the shop and get a good working out,\" he said."
"The government has not proposed any plan to do so, and said it would be open to consultation."
"In a statement released by the Justice Department, Ms. Martin said that since she was taken into custody, she had been required to pay back some of the $ 100, 000 she had allegedly stolen."
"We have not invested in plants for long and that is not the case for people here in Perth or the surrounding area."
"The 17- year- old boy is being held on suspicion of attempted murder, although police say they can't confirm that and have no further details about his condition."
"The second part of the question is also important: which countries do we need to be focused on most of the time?"
"For the past two years, the state government has been encouraging students to study abroad to boost their chances of employment and to stay in the country."
"The Home Office says it is working with the watchdog to help identify ways to prevent abuse from happening to children."
"They took her hand, they took her hair and they took her face, and they took all the stuff she had been worn before."
"But the team still need a return on the investment of \u00a3 20 million to bring it back in."
"The mother- of- one said:'We've had a relationship for six years and the fact I'm alive today is proof I've done something wrong."
"For more than 40 years, the city has been on the front lines of the world's most urgent conflict."
"But it is not necessarily an expression of the basic values of the majority, it is not a claim to fundamental rights and freedom of expression, which is an important part of the democratic project."
"Of course, he doesn't have to be told what to do, but it's up to the police to act in their interests."
"But the incident was captured by CCTV footage which was posted online by one of the passengers who also attended the party."
"\"We knew we'd be there to support him and to make sure that he could get to school in time to go home and continue his education,\" he said."
"The African- American women and girls who took part in this campaign have made history in ways that they haven't previously."
"The Labour leader said he would still be willing to hold talks with the government if he could find \"a way to get a deal done \"in Syria."
"I would like to see a red carpet walk- out, with mixed dance moves and a bit of dancing on the way in."
"At the start of the tour, Harry was playing with a young girl and a family who were attending the same school as him."
"People, even celebrities, have been saying things about me because they don't want to hear it because it is what it is."
"But of course, it's also possible that she's just a mental picture of her own personality, or that she has a lot of experience with other people."
"You never know what will happen in a few months, but if you do, you're almost certain to find yourself sitting in front of the phone."
"This study was made possible through our research and we have now set out to reveal how the rich people of the world use electronic technology for their own benefit."
"\"We are disappointed in what is said and we can't help but be disappointed,\" she said in a statement."
"He also said the company was \"not able to offer the necessary protection for a large number of customers \"on a limited basis."
"The agency expects to bring in a budget of around $ 500 million for 2016, a significant amount of money for the program and part of the overall increase in funding."
"The government had also been criticised after it revealed the total cost of the NHS was at a record high of \u00a3 1. 5 billion."
"He also paid an enormous price in the face of the EU in March for an exit from the bloc's single market."
"\"I think the conversation can be more complicated,\" he said, noting that a Zika outbreak is the second largest in the world."
"You can't really blame the national team on the circumstances of the season, so I think we can't blame the players for that."
"The number of refugees arriving in Germany has dropped to just over 300, while the number of asylum- seekers has risen by a third."
"We'll be back on Saturday and have the players back- it'll be a great atmosphere for the fans to have, hopefully it'll make everyone happy."
"This is a great opportunity for young people, they have no idea how much they could really contribute to society in the future."
"That's the reason why we're here today- because we're all trying to understand each other and figure out who we are."
"A strong U. S. economy makes the case that people should not be concerned with the long- term economic effects of a recession."
"I don't have an answer, I don't care about what they're going through, but I want to know what they're going to do next."
"She said: \"He is very pleased to be back and to be part of the Olympic team and the history that we've created together."
"It is only since Obama became president that America's foreign policy has been on a course of decline."
"So when people say that it's tough because it's all right for the country, I think that's a good sentiment."
"I think we can't be there when he gets injured but we're certainly not out there before a World Cup."
"The company filed a lawsuit in the District Court for the Northern District of California in June, and last month it was brought to the state's Supreme Court."
"If you're not in a position to say the right things, you're not making it in your life."
"The appeal is believed to have been part of a criminal investigation, although no criminal charges have been filed in any of the cases."
"I was a bit disappointed in the first half, but we had some chances to get back in the game and we couldn't take them."
"I think that this is the most important thing to do, because I can't imagine someone who has lived in this country that lives in the worst conditions, that doesn't have access to education, can't get a decent job, can't"
"We have no political agreement on this, and that is a factor, but this is an important part of our relationship with China."
"\"I was raised on a farm in Pennsylvania, where you don't hear much about farm life,\" he says."
"He would have had to win over the Democrats at this point to win the White House and I don't think the audience would have had as much of an opportunity to understand his perspective."
"\"I've been playing a lot more the last couple of years,\" Roberts said, \"because I'm starting to turn things around."
"Since May, the bank has been testing an eight- year project for its energy division, which is owned by Russian state- owned banks."
"I know that we will have many people from all over the country and in Scotland to thank us for supporting him."
"At the moment, he's just trying to get himself out of that situation and look forward to a pretty good day tomorrow."
"A man who has made a controversial speech in a Birmingham pub has been jailed for five years."
"\"I would like to give them more time to work out a way to deal with the issue of how the alleged sexual assault is being investigated,\" he said."
"The captain will become a member of the club when he returns to the North American mainland for the first time since 2004."
"\"I think in a way it's my dream to give back and I have no problem doing that,\" he said."
"\"I had to ask him a question that made me think that I could do it in a new way,\" she said."
"You'll be told how long you can expect to have the plane back, and will have to make a specific claim for it."
"\"I think he was great at it,\" one of the witnesses said of the encounter."
"He said there was no one he could speak to about what was happening to the plane but that people were speaking with him."
"A senior Western intelligence official said the U. S. also may be listening in on communications between Trump Tower and the Kremlin."
"But it seems impossible to know whether this is more likely to be a result of the EU referendum than an attack on social media."
"\"When it comes to Iraq and Syria, it has to be a US- backed operation,\" Mr. Kerry said."
"The health law did little to reduce drug use or provide any money to help addiction treatment in rural communities."
"I think he's an important player for the next 20 years, and he's going to have another five to 10 years and 10 to 15 years."
"Many people thought the funding for the NHS could be reduced by giving a tax credit to doctors who are already in business."
"But other programs are also in the area- such as educational opportunities for children in Russia and China, according to a university spokeswoman."
"The man who killed a man and his mother in New Jersey last year has pleaded no contest to second- degree murder and another offense, according to the State Supreme Court."
"It is important for everyone to know that as long as you don't put yourself or the team in danger, it is a good team."
"She said:'The response that the officers had on me has been really good and I am very grateful for it."
"They're basically looking at everyone who has actually come out and said, \"Well, if we win it, we have to win it."
"The company announced that it had raised $ 5. 5 million (about $ 3. 8 million) from private investors."
"So we are in the early stages of looking at this,\" Clinton said, at a town hall event at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York."
"In the same poll, more than a quarter of Russians said their government did not have enough money for basic needs like medical care."
"I don't think you'd be surprised to find yourself in a different position when you get out there."
"However, they also did not mention the cuts to education or the low quality of the NHS as reasons to leave the European Union."
"\"My father's many business success was linked to the introduction of steel in Germany,\" he said."
"The students were shot in their cell- the first such death of a British Muslim in France since the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris last November."
"If I've done well enough and the next test is good enough, I'll come out on top, or at least have a lead there."
"It was one of the most important weeks of my career and I want to say thank you very much for it and I am sure this will be a good thing to him."
"I'm surprised that someone who has never served in the military would ever take a job in a national park."
"\"The government has not responded to these calls to act, and they are not trying to be,\" he said."
"It's taken them so long to come to terms with these charges and to bring to justice those who are at risk of harm."
"His only problem is that they don't seem to know what he does and he never goes to the supermarket for them."
"The days of sitting on the floor thinking you can't handle what's happening in the game are over."
"\"There is a lot of fear- especially at the moment- but I've found that when you get to the bottom of things, you find that there's some real support for what you're doing,\" she said."
"But Trump's rival, Hillary Clinton, has suggested the debate is just the start of a damaging Clinton- Trump conflict."
"Our own research shows that when the money goes to people who need care, it is also the same money that goes to those who don't need it."
"A poll released on Thursday showed that two- thirds of Australians believe the next election will be about who has the most influence on the Australian economy."
"The majority of people involved in the system will be seen on the live stream, but there will be a brief discussion about the weather as well."
"We were hoping for that, but I couldn't quite believe it, and I realised he was really keen to make up his mind."
"I don't think we're as likely to run a clean run as we would like to think, but I think it would be the right thing for them."
"'We've had so much love and support, but we still can't come up with the money to pay the doctors or any of our clients."
"A number of people have called for an inquiry into the death of a 13- year- old boy from South Yorkshire."
"\"I believe that this is the right thing for the country and the future of our country,\" he said."
"If you're going to break the law, it's a terrible thing to do, but we're going to jail."
"\"In my view, it's very important for the government to stay out of the financial arrangements of some institutions,\" he said."
"Mr Trump has refused to release his tax returns to show he is not self- funding his campaign or paying his taxes, as the last two years have shown."
"The agency's results aren't known, but it's expected to be published by the end of this year."
"By the time of the big negotiations, most of the UK's industrial policy and services sectors had been moved into services, including oil."
"I am the only member of parliament, as well as the only politician, and it was not my intention that there would be a clash with that."
"That's what I'd want to do, but I'm not going to be running this school."
"\"That's the way it is right now- the president can act only when there's a real threat to the United States or the security of our allies and allies around the world,\" he told a gathering of military and intelligence officials."
"But it can be especially difficult for farmers because it's really hard to get them to build up trust."
"With Obama's approval rating at its lowest in almost three decades, and Clinton's widely expected surge, it's not easy to find a candidate who's given more support to civil rights."
"Because I know that I am the only person on the planet that can reach the moon and find a body."
"On his Twitter account, Trump also declared that \"there is going to be a lot of money involved in the race."
"\"It's so important to remember that you can't take a loss in the most negative way,\" he says in the video."
"The latest figures, released ahead of the party's annual conference, showed that Labour's votes rose to the party's highest level since 1992."
"But after an initial set of questions about their own character, the candidates argued they were equally capable of sitting in the White House."
"If they were convicted, they could receive up to 25 years in prison and up to $ 5 million in fines."
"It's not the only place where you have a real problem and you don't just blame someone else, you take a stand."
"If they feel their voice is being heard, they can go to the Office of the President and request a campaign finance filing for their campaign."
"The measure, which affects all 18 states, passed a referendum on July 1 and the Democrats have said they will appeal it to the full U. S. Supreme Court."
"\"We should all take our place,\" he said, adding that he wanted to use all his time to \"bring this tragedy to a close \"and that the city needed to be under control."
"In just the past two weeks alone, the U. S. has sent a total of 2. 2 million migrants and refugees to Europe."
"\"There's no doubt it's going to be a tough fight in the first game,\" he said."
"Some of them are still far from being engaged, and are so important for us, that we've had to choose to get behind them."
"The Syrian civil war has caused widespread damage and anger in the Middle East and North Africa, among others."
"While the US military is not on the ground, US Secretary of State John Kerry has been in the region as the two nations meet to discuss Syria and Iraq."
"And I know that the line is not supposed to be in a position where it can't say the good, or the bad, or the and the and the and the."
"I'm trying to do the best for the team, I've got nothing to prove, I've got nothing to prove and I'll tell you that right now."
"We didn't want to get into the public light, but I'm a gay man and I know that's how it is."
"In an attempt to prevent such a tragedy, it is estimated that hundreds have been killed since March, with many more injured."
"The Independent has learned Mr Murray was born in Scotland and has lived in a UK city for more than 20 years."
"But, he said, \"sometimes when I tell the story, I just try to not be surprised at all."
"But the consumer price index rose 4. 5 per cent, giving the third- biggest rise in 13 months, and its biggest rise in six months."
"No matter what else you are up against, you have to have a bit more confidence and get a little bit more belief."
"While local news is not the main source of news coverage, it is a major factor in the political debate."
"And it was the number of teenagers with the same cancer that became a national cause of concern in October 2015."
"The star's death comes just two days after the Islamic State's announcement of its progress in Mosul."
"\"I'm happy with the progress we've made- and we're not the only ones- but I'm just disappointed that we haven't kept up with our game,\" Smith said."
"I didn't realise how many people were watching the race until the kids were done so I can't recall how long it had taken to get the first impression."
"What I'm telling you is that, in the game, you're right up against it, there's a lot of people that have absolutely zero interest in a simple win."
"Theresa May has defended the Brexit result, saying that the result had been not bad for the economy but bad for the nation."
"More than 60 percent of the 65 million newly registered voters are under age 25, the government data showed Monday."
"In the UK, our membership of the EU will be a major factor in the UK's future trading relationships with the EU."
"Mr Trump has been a key figure in US political life for a generation, but the country is still not a party to him."
"\"The high level of stress we've had in this city in the last year is a big deal,\" he told the Journal."
"At the end of the day, they're here for us, so I really hope that we can get it done."
"There are going to be questions raised about the money going into our state, about how we're doing and what those are."
"The club is so happy to be here and I am happy to be playing in the Champions League and not having to wait long to be here."
"The shocking clip was posted on Facebook and sparked a debate about what happened in the video, which has gone viral on social media."
"In 2010, 40% of the people in the survey were female, compared with 27% of the overall population."
"A number of senior figures, including David Cameron, are looking to bring the NHS down to earth."
"But while the teenager was initially \"well- off \"and enjoying the work and culture of the city, he became increasingly frustrated with the work environment."
"A previous study found that the \u00a3 2 bill provides just 10% of the household budget for the adult services and emergency department."
"\"I don't think that's a good model to be taking,\" she said, adding: \"I think we need to make the best use of all of the wealth of this country."
"It will also be a personal mission as you work with each and every one of us to create a perfect holiday for all."
"The game may have gone a little too well for me in the past, but there are a lot of teams now that deserve the result."
"It's a great way to show support for the people who helped us achieve what we did."
"We're just hoping they can learn to not give in to them and keep trying to win the game."
"In addition to the expansion of the prison, the project will also create a new school, and a child treatment facility for displaced children."
"The U. S. intelligence community said it found no evidence of Russian involvement in the hacking of emails from Democratic Party organizations and that there was no evidence of Russian involvement in the election."
"\"I've had many difficulties since I've left school because of my past experiences, but I always came back because I love learning,\" she says."
"\"I am not going to lie, I didn't see it coming so I'll just have to live with that,\" he added."
"The PM was scheduled to deliver his speech on Tuesday night, which is not the same as his scheduled Wednesday night in Brussels."
"The current government is carrying out the most serious review in its history, with a focus on debt relief."
"He would do it as long as he was elected president, as he is now, and he would take care of his business."
"We know we are going to have a good and strong performance at the weekend and it's going to be a tough game."
"It's as if the president- elect knew he was doing some serious damage and that it was going to cost him the presidency."
"The reality is the way this country is run is going to be forever changed because our police are going to be dead, we are going to die."
"\"It is not about race- we have had people from England and people from the Middle East over the years who have been here for 15 years,\" he said."
"And a more direct way of telling the story of this country, that is more direct than, let's say, politics or the sound of music."
"\"It would have been nice to see him come back and do some more,\" the Giants said in a statement."
"This has led to high levels of injury, including hitting, knee problems and falls, among others."
"It's a significant piece in a much larger picture of the environment and the cost of fossil fuel consumption, for the environment and for the environment."
"The NFL released its second annual ratings report on Monday, citing them as the best of any franchise in the country."
"The policy, which was introduced in June, was the latest in a series of proposals to cut waiting times for treatment for cancer."
"We don't have many things that we would like to do, we just need to take the time to make sure we're still looking at it."
"A no- fly zone between Iraq and Syria is setting the stage for future attacks, US officials have said."
"So I think that if the Chinese government finds that there is an opportunity to take that and put it into a stock market and share market and raise it, then it has got to be a positive thing."
"\"I could stand in front of the TV and speak to the president and he would just laugh,\" he said."
"The most popular team in the league is at the moment, and I believe there's one more that we need to get out of this period."
"There's been a lot of activity from the student community, and we're really proud of all of those students."
"The higher wage earned by female employees means they earn \u00a3 81 more a year and are given \u00a3 3 less of a pension, the report says."
"He was suspended for two games, and is expected to return to action in three games this week after his suspension."
"The New Zealand coach said it is a matter of \"practicality \"and said he expects him to see it through."
"They don't have to pay much attention, or to what you're doing at the moment, and they don't want to be outside and in between hours."
"They couldn't get their own place and you have to deal with that stuff all over again."
"He told the BBC that he hopes to get a hold of the figures in future and hopes the data will help him to make an informed decision."
"The biggest thing is for the players, the squad, the management to be ready for it as well."
"He added: \"There was a lot of media attention in a matter of weeks of the day, and it only really grew, because it was such a small handful."
"In the city centre, where the trains will run from the end of May through the summer, an extra 5, 000 extra people will be using public transport, the latest forecast suggests."
"But the company's poor service in Australia and in Asia are not the only reasons it is losing money."
"I feel like we played really good at the end, but we should have won, but we did it because we needed to."
"\"In the past 12 months, we've been working with the federal government on our new assistance program to create a place where everyone can have a place,\" he said."
"If you make mistakes when you're younger, you're not going to be able to move forward and then be able to do the things you need to."
"The concept of using technology to do something with science and make it cheaper has certainly been a big part of the rise in interest in this field."
"\"I could have gone on [ to become ] the first female chief executive officer of a company,\" she says."
"We don't even need to be in the same boat when it comes to defending against the government's new draft."
"I thought for some reason it was going to be too soon for me and my baby, and it's sad and sad and I don't want to think about it."
"It was even spotted by his wife, who tweeted it, in 2014, just two weeks before she and her husband were due to go on the holiday to Australia."
"He added:'It is good that people have changed their minds but it is a matter of what they think they should think."
"For me, it's easier to leave the whole world behind, and I don't really think about it much."
"However, I think that any kind of relationship between children and parents has its benefits, but I don't think it's good for them."
"The latter, of course, is the most obvious case, because they are often applied to business services, such as financial systems or finance and insurance."
"\"I wasn't really sure what to expect from their game, but it is something that they can try and do,\" he added."
"I had a chance to tell him a few months ago but he never did anything about it."
"The video, which was viewed more than 6, 000 times, shows two of them trying to lift her to safety."
"\"At the end of the day, it's going to be a brand, and there's no set brand,\" he says."
"As such, we ask that anyone who has information on any possible terrorist involvement to come forward and provide it to us immediately."
"The first is that we are close to the end of the current campaign, so we don't know if we can do well at this point."
"We wanted to make sure that we had the people here in the UK back up and ready to move into a new position."
"There are lots of people in my life who have done great things that have gone down in their own family."
"If we get him a chance to put a good performance in there, that's fine, but I think he'll have a better season than he did last year."
"They then drove away from the scene, taking their friend's car and leaving the building with a note saying that they had no choice but to leave."
"I feel like that was for someone else and the show is my own personal story and I'm going to go home and write it."
"And he's a player who's always looked to have one foot in the open field."
"They were the first to go, in fact, only a few months after the original D- Day attacks on the Pentagon and the World Trade Center."
"But his words have also opened up a window on a whole other world, in which I have to question the judgment of our politicians and the long- term vision of our country."
"'We'd said to him he could move it a few inches if he was to buy it in time for the Christmas period."
"At the beginning of the second half, the goal against Manchester City was a little bit different, but it was the sort that we played well, it was just a little bit more difficult to score a few goals against these teams."
"The Queensland government has handed a pay rise and a reduced minimum wage to one of its junior doctors and the NSW Health Council."
"He continued: \"You know, the first question you have to ask is, did he try to do the right thing?"
"But here's the thing: what happened in the 1990s wasn't always so surprising."
"My mother was working, my dad was in the business but I wanted to be an artist, so I started to do it."
"However, as well as being a big source of income for the country, the company also helps to raise awareness of the huge number of children and young people in detention."
"\"I didn't really care where it was going or what happened, I just wanted to get a better look at it,\" she said."
"We could have created even more problems with our medical staff, but instead they treated them with care that went beyond what would be expected."
"She added: \"I'm delighted to be able to return to work and I look forward to continuing my career in the future."
"I had gone over there after a game in Adelaide and just didn't think we would be able to get through."
"We're going to tell the truth about who they are, where they came from, and where they are at."
"The prosecution is appealing against the trial court's ruling and expects to have a new trial on Monday."
"The document said that it wanted to force companies to reduce consumption, but in the context of an energy transition it could be something that was hard to implement."
"No, we cannot put the blame on the other person, but it's clear from the evidence that they did."
"\"There is no alternative but to move the city forward and to have a great and strong city,\" the mayor said."
"\"My main goal is to stop any negative ads going in and be there to support Trump,\" the candidate said."
"You could always come to an end and try to play with a character that was not your usual role model."
"The partnership, which was announced Wednesday, was a joint venture between the National Security Agency and the Department of Defense and was created in response to a public concern that the FBI was tracking high- level communications between Clinton and foreign governments."
"I have my room at home and I can't go out but I know I have a job to do and I know I'll get through it."
"All you can do is look at their game and how they play but they are a very good team."
"In 2015, six cases of Zika were reported in the United States, three of which were confirmed."
"The 32- year- old was interviewed by police during the course of the investigation, but could not provide further details about the attack."
"\"I feel the U. S. is making a mistake,\" a senior administration official told a conference of U. S. allies in Germany."
"\"You know I am sitting there, so obviously I'm here for nothing, but I've just come from that,\" he said."
"More than 20, 000 people have been killed in the conflict, according to the UN, which has accused Russia of human rights violations."
"This year's festival will be held in the heart of Canberra, on January 9- 10 and the next year will be held in Canberra at the Commonwealth Games."
"But that's not what we're doing, that's the way we're going to perform against a good team."
"And it's not the first time those pictures have been posted online, but they're the first ones that have gone viral."
"So, for him to get more money he has to be patient, it's difficult."
"There is also a price to pay, as one mother in France is being charged \u00a3 9, 000 to put food on the table."
"We are very pleased to be able to get in with the first team again, especially as we were already up 1- 0 back then."
"If we have that strong response, then we can see that there will be an increase in the number of refugees arriving."
"The association said it was working with the authorities in their countries \"to ensure that the movement is protected \"and that the destination of the boat is still unknown."
"The school was on a two- and- a- half mile street, but police said they were not aware the boy was in the school."
"This is a highly effective combination that may assist in fighting diseases, while reducing death rates from heart disease and cancer."
"\"When you've got a crazy big crowd, it's easy for people to tell you the crowd is crazy,\" she said."
"I was trying to play for a great club and when it comes to a Champions League final, I try to stay focused on the title game."
"I'm disappointed with the way the European Commission's decision has gone and it's not a good thing for this country."
"For years, the property in the north London suburb was used by parents to bring the children to Britain and provided a safe haven, he said."
"But just because the Chicago Cubs haven't won a World Series doesn't mean they'll never win another."
"The PM's official spokeswoman said: \"The Prime Minister made it clear he wanted to see a move to remain in the EU."
"Our new organization brings together players who are committed to becoming world- class players and leaders in their fields."
"We have to leave that to the states and to the federal government, which has to ensure that all our citizens get the best of care."
"They said they were trying to negotiate a proper exit and other negotiations were already under way, but this would not happen."
"The results of the general election are only just beginning, but are likely to shape her vote to a virtual tie in the coming weeks."
"\"I don't think the Republicans are going to be in that position and we're not going to be in that position,\" she said."
"The MP said that despite him using his own personal wealth to support a \u00a3 10, 000 charity, he spent on average \u00a3 3, 000 in his own pocket."
"But they do offer no guarantee of a job or education, and no guarantee of a degree, either, and it's the highest standard of education they provide."
"It's only by doing that, you have to realize that this is our next mission,\" he said."
"At the end of the day, we are all too aware of how much the care, support and guidance from the people who work with us is crucial to the quality of care we deliver."
"It's actually like, we're not going to know that we've just been there for two years."
"\"I don't think we've seen anything like this in our history,\" Clinton said in remarks to donors in Philadelphia on Tuesday."
"A vote for Brexit would not, in itself, have meant just ending the system of EU state aid, which has helped to finance the current state- aid crisis."
"And I think that it's a bigger problem now that the government is less concerned about the issue of Muslim women."
"The suspect was seen walking up a well and down a well before he was shot, police said."
"The public is now engaged in an active and more measured conversation about the United States, our human rights situation and the threat to public health and safety."
"But that doesn't mean that the land was the destination, or even that the region would have been cleared by the end of the 18th century."
"\"The Chinese government has repeatedly pointed out the importance of maintaining effective diplomatic relations with Taiwan,\" the department said in a statement."
"\"I still have my Facebook and my Instagram, so it's like I have a thousand Instagram's that I haven't posted to before,\" she said."
"The property was sold in September 2013 and was a four- bedroom unit for $ 27, 000, which eventually became the \"home \"it was."
"A few of the girls were very good, but a lot of the boys were struggling, and I didn't get the result I wanted."
"\"It's not for me to talk about what you've done for us, it's just for us to listen to what's going on in the world,\" Jones said."
"And that's not a bad way of showing off- because what is going on around here is not just for you."
"After a lot of talk, they say they have decided to make it a priority to get a baby out on the waiting list."
"The national average cost of rent in London is \u00a3 1, 600 a year, compared with around \u00a3 1, 000 a year in the UK."
"'But the thing is that I have got three gold medals, and I'm not going to get one in Rio."
"They argue that the costs of getting the tax code wrong are high enough to make many Americans pay for it themselves."
"If you don't get your second nomination by the deadline of Feb. 12, you'll be stuck with the same person for several days."
"I was very happy that my character had something to do with this in my life, but it's hard to imagine my future without him."
"You can say anything, it's all about making sure that it's not an issue, and that's not going to be true for the next election."
"Many could also be included in the 28- member body that would determine whether to impose sanctions or not."
"I think it's important to help the [ Syrian ] people understand that they need to make a choice in Syria, but that choice is not free."
"In China, it's taken the death rate from sexual assault by drivers to about 200 a year."
"The response to my questions is, look, you never really know what the future will hold, but the information that is going to flow out will be very interesting to journalists and audiences."
"A quarter of his company's workers lost their jobs, the labor ministry said, citing data from January."
"This time the House panel- the very opposite of the judges- didn't come up with a better solution to the lawsuit."
"At the moment, at least, I'm not waiting for a successor because I'm not sure where the money is going to come from."
"The couple, whose name was not released, married in 2010, and have been together for about a decade."
"\"You've got to get the best out of your players, but also to try and get their best out of them,\" he said."
"It was only after I finished reading that the hotel staff found out about the incident and helped me contact the police."
"In a joint statement, both the Democratic and Republican parties said it would take about four to five years to clear the trail of Clinton, who won Nevada by a margin of 23 percent to 23 percent."
"I don't know how he could have thought that would be a bad way to start a war."
"'I'll still be here ; I still don't want to be,' he said, according to the New York Post."
"The next step will be when it is clear there is no guarantee that Mrs May's Brexit campaign will win the election."
"\"People are talking about the fact that we're going to bring some health reform,\" Mr. Rubio said on Fox News."
"But I've got to make sure that you look after your family and I am absolutely sure that my client is OK with that."
"The Japanese public- which does not believe in the concept of a central bank- now believes it has a majority."
"\"I am not interested in personal attacks or names- but I feel like we need to do something about the culture of hate in this country,\" she said."
"In a three- way contest, Clinton would win by two votes, with Trump taking one, with two states combined, making the final cut."
"But we will be fighting as hard as we can to keep the focus on the team that's going to win the World Series."
"I have met people who have been to some of the best places in Britain and they can be treated with great respect."
"I feel I have no future at all and I have had to put my life on the line every day to protect her."
"It's very important that we do that, because what's happening in our country is not only happening in our country, and it's happening in Scotland."
"If you don't believe us, check out the New York Times, which first reported the case."
"I did get a couple of chances but I am sure that the majority of the fans will not be too pleased."
"The two men were on a date, at a bar, when the woman offered to pay him \u00a3 500 for their drinks."
"\"In that moment, I thought the way I carried myself was terrible,\" she said, referring to the incident on a trip to Rome in 2011."
"But in particular I want to make sure that the American people have a voice on this and that we have a government that has the power to do what we can to stop this."
"There are also plenty of things that should've been done earlier in the game, but it just shows how far we've come."
"As a group, the St. Louis Rams have played in the playoffs seven times since the team moved to Los Angeles from Los Angeles in 2005."
"While he won't take any responsibility for the refugee situation in the country, he said he wanted to be able to assist."
"If there's not a lot of anxiety, as I have on an all- female team, then you can't really tell, it's just a feeling."
"But it's not clear how the company will move forward with its strategy, or how the price of oil will fall."
"If you only knew how much more you could have done with your time in office, why were you getting paid less and less?"
"It's very difficult because of the fees that we are paying- we pay just a little bit of money for everything and then you lose that income when we reduce the price."
"And it will be up to an organisation like this to find out if this is normal behaviour and if the law will lead to an end to this behaviour."
"It has turned its attention to manufacturing, which is an industry that has grown by more than a third over the past 20 years."
"He told the jury:'I have played with him many times and he has carried me all the way to my house."
"\"A high- speed rail line would be a very, very good start to the journey,\" he said."
"She has been doing this for over 20 years and I am very proud of her and have been here since I was a young girl."
"Just two months ago, there was no safe zone in eastern Aleppo and no source of food for a child who has not been informed of the danger in that region."
"The man, whose name has not been released, has been given a year on which to be held on a charge of rape."
"\"It's really important that we get a strong reminder of the work we've been doing for the past six years,\" she said."
"It's a story about coming together to find the truth of who we are and what we've been through, but we do it at a young age."
"Since I had that first child I've found that a lot of people I know are very negative about her."
"But I want to know, do you think I need to be locked up in prison for seven days or seven nights, and then released, given the danger we face as a country?"
"Despite how much they love baseball, there's one question they are afraid of most: What will the Cubs do next?"
"He has taken some big steps in his development, especially in the last year, so I thought he was right in terms of a player that we've got here."
"Although over half of England fans have stayed home on at least one occasion this season, five- in- ten have had a second holiday away."
"It was a surprise to me but I saw it at the same time, a reason why he was always there, too."
"\"I know they're going to attack me when they do, but I don't have to do anything,\" he said."
"But there's no sign he has left his seat, and so he'll be a free man to take the plane home."
"To the extent that we are going to be less conservative in a future election, the fact of the matter is that we're probably going to elect more conservatives in terms of the numbers of people voting."
"Clinton has previously said the Sanders campaign should be called off the convention tour because she would have had to appear at a critical moment in the Democratic primary process in New York City."
"It has become a legal option, but it has nothing to do with me and nothing to do with the government or anyone else."
"He admitted to repeatedly making himself seem weak in order to keep himself from showing any real strength in order to make himself appear weak."
"I've had the opportunity to play with them over the years, and I was surprised how well they were able to do it."
"'When I went there, I was worried that if I didn't do it, my life could get turned around,' she said."
"\"It's the first time we've had a nation take the lead in trying to solve the world's problems,\" he said."
"In the worst- case scenario, if the Trump campaign were to raise the capital to stay on course for the deal, \"it could mean many thousands of jobs and tens of millions of dollars in economic benefit,\" he said."
"As one who has been close to the press and to the prime minister, I am proud that I have decided to write to the prime minister and the prime minister's office to make these allegations known."
"And how do you know when you've got someone who's just not there?"
"If you are a married couple and planning to be single, there is only one option for you to consider: getting a job."
"But I never look at it as a lack of preparation, it's just that I was unable to get in the shape I needed."
"This week's report by the Royal Commission into Human Rights (C. S. C.R.R) is likely to be the last."
"It's only now that the numbers will come in to force- I have been told we are not going to allow it."
"\"We're a big step forward in the area of security but we have a lot of work to do to ensure that we continue to be a strong country,\" he said."
"If someone had asked me three years ago how I'd feel about the race, I'd say it was probably in a way that's different from the races I've seen."
"It will be an important trial, which the EU will try to promote in the European Parliament,\" he said."
"\"My main focus is what's going on in the lives of the children, and that's to make sure they're well,\" he said."
"She said the show had inspired her to take her TV show business public- a route that has paid off."
"But the 38- year- old said that if he had been offered the chance to play next season he would have put it down to injuries."
"He added: \"We didn't know who the driver of the car was, so we had no idea what he was doing."
"I've been playing golf all my life, so my only professional competition is tennis, so I'm not surprised."
"I have tried to call them and they have sent me several messages saying there are more than seven people missing, but I have not been able to."
"So, there's no question, the idea of a ban has been a real issue for a while now."
"But some analysts are worried about the fact that Donald Trump is likely to be the nominee, and the president- elect's policies."
"This week we asked you to pick which organisations support him in the election, and which don't."
"But while the number of people using the service has grown, the costs are still high, and not enough to keep up with the growth in the medical sector."
"A review of state and federal records showed the number of state and federal investigations and arrests in the last 10 years of the program has been falling."
"The IS group says it has killed more than 100 members of its military since it seized a number of villages last year."
"I've had all the support that I can get, so I'll get the best out of my teammates in the group."
"So yes, I think that's one of the things we're trying to work on, that we have to make sure that people have the space to feel like they have the right."
"It's also unclear what the sanctions will be, if any at the time, and even if they will be expanded in the coming months."
"It was also reported in the Welsh Daily Mail that only five people have been arrested over the drugs- including three officers who were at a nearby Polish market."
"However, it is also believed the product will be in stock for several months and some people are already planning to make it their first food."
"If I'm with a business I think it's the least we can do, to make sure we have as good a situation as possible."
"\"We are always talking about ways to help our environment, and how to make it sustainable,\" he said."
"\"The president has the authority to fix it,\" Mr. Kerry said, adding that he had also asked the United States to send soldiers to the region."
"In a news release, CNN said Trump's plan would make up for the loss of $ 35 million in state aid."
"I would like to extend my thanks to the club for all the hard work they have put in in the last five months."
"And I have talked to a lot of young women about it and they have all been like, you know, this is so important."
"Of those, 28 percent went back to the Middle East, where they believed Trump would be most likely to win."
"All of this, in part, is a response to China's global economic growth, which was more than 10 percent in 2016."
"The numbers for the final three weeks of the 2016 / 17 season are expected to be relatively similar, with figures for the first few weeks of the season being released."
"He was in a corner of a bar near the airport when the shooting began and jumped over the edge of a counter."
"I don't want to end up with a world in which everyone else is totally white, but I want to move forward and help people who have been left behind."
"\"I know for a fact that people have been asking me about that [ after- last year's election,\" he said."
"The budget was a good example of the Australian economy and is a welcome result of recent uncertainty around the country's leadership in the energy sector."
"On the evening of the attack, the police arrested the 22- year- old, who has since been released on bail and is currently being questioned by police."
"And that's what's important to me, because it's my life, and it's not the direction I want to go in."
"The only thing I'm worried about is it takes away from what was a wonderful, great team for me."
"The five or six incidents from all of this year were all in the same location- we are looking at that."
"The couple had planned to share the cash with the Irish government but it turned out to have been stolen."
"You can look at some of them, and some of them are pretty significant, but one thing we really worry about is whether people will actually go online."
"\"We are confident that we will be able to maintain our business position and compete with our peers in terms of revenue,\" he said."
"I like seeing these guys come back at me when I'm out there, playing to the level they've had."
"Mr Farage said that while the Government may have delayed the vote, it was still fighting for the vote because Mr Cameron was the only one who had left the Cabinet."
"But before that, just to be clear: the game was played out of context, and as such it should not be taken literally."
"But she also said she'd tried to keep the family together because her husband was coming back from a trip to Australia."
"When one of our guys was out there in the zone in the third, he could have kicked it into the net."
"Trump's attack on Clinton, as well as a negative narrative in the last week about the economy, are all in the past now."
"A lot of things could happen in the next few days and if you look at the figures... that's the area we're at."
"The total could run as high as $ 2. 5 billion by the end of the decade, and would amount to roughly $ 14 billion in 2026, according to Treasury estimates."
"A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a body after the body of a young man was found in a police van."
"By the end of the day, I'm the only person I know who's had to walk up and down the street in this position."
"The man got into the passenger's vehicle and crashed it into the side of a car, sending the man into the passenger seat and killing him, police said."
"He'll look back on it and be like,' We never even spoke about it, I'm just here to help."
"The agency also identified 40 girls who were under the age of 18 at the time of the alleged assault, while one was 19."
"I am speaking about a community of good people who have suffered the most in our lives, and I will tell them it will never, ever happen again."
"His wife died before he even was in touch with his next of kin, but it wasn't long before his voice was heard over a familiar friend's radio."
"We're all going to be doing things together because you always have to have a system in place when you're growing up."
"The issue of the funding gap has been raised by Prime Minister David Cameron and the Liberal Democrats, who say the prime minister should spend more money on delivering education."
"We're not too worried about what people think about us because it's all right to do it."
"He was going back to his job as a world champion, who was getting in on the same old stuff and he had to put in the work."
"What I want to do is be an advocate for all those people, and help them understand what is the most important thing in life."
"It was not immediately clear if the customer had paid for the service, but the FBI said it was looking into the matter."
"\"I'm a little bit surprised that we're moving to Nevada, but we're moving to a state that's very conservative,\" she said."
"\"That's the point of my game, I don't want to have to be talking about it,\" he said."
"\"It's not that we don't have the resources, but we do have a lot of people who have got the experience of doing it,\" she said."
"If you see the Islamic State on the other side of the street, you don't feel safe either."
"The City of Manchester Football Club's owners have agreed to buy the Scottish Football League's biggest club from Arsenal for \u00a3 2. 5 billion."
"But there's also this idea of creating a new way of thinking about things that we don't normally think about in the mainstream."
"The survey also shows that just one in four Americans thinks that President- elect Donald Trump will have a good or outstanding day, and just 7 percent think so."
"\"If I ever did the thing to a group of 20 or 30 people and they had a question for me, I'd say, \"Man, you've got to be funny."
"While it's true that most people (especially women) don't get the message directly from their boss, that doesn't mean they don't get it."
"When you have people saying we need to do more to take care of our children, that's a good thing."
"It's the very opposite of the things that the public needs to do to put us in a position where it's reasonable to do that."
"But she noted that the first anniversary of the bombing in September was in 2015, the year of the state of emergency was declared and the army was not in full control."
"\"I just don't know what to do,\" he said, in reference to Obama's health care plans."
"When it comes to training the brain, there is evidence to suggest that what you learn is most valuable in ways other than training."
"\"He gave me a phone call to say the pipeline has been closed and I was arrested,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure why I've been banned, because I don't want to see a young man being arrested for a crime he didn't commit,\" he said."
"He said: \"For as long as there is a flood of refugees and migrants into Europe, they will be welcomed."
"I was kind of under the impression that if he could hold on to some distance, he could get some of the other guys to do the same."
"'We'll find out at the end of the year whether we're getting a dog or not."
"No, I think it's a very hard thing to say, but the one thing that I have said, I would say to the American people, that the Trump campaign is not a campaign."
"In the past I have been good to the end, but this has been a whole new level."
"They're also looking to increase their influence at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July, in the event that the billionaire businessman doesn't win the party's nomination."
"But they added: \"The results show that there is a need for new investment in energy production, and this will help fuel the transition towards clean energy."
"I mean, you know, the way he's played in this game and the way he has been able to play in a few games now."
"He said it's difficult to believe that those on the ground in Syria, who have recently been given a one- way route to safety, have been allowed to leave."
"It's like when you go to college and you're surrounded by buildings that feel so much like your childhood."
"\"That would be the best way to get a second referendum on this,\" Mr Cameron told reporters."
"\"But if we start raising the taxes on the top 1 per cent, we've already lost the referendum vote on that,\" Mr Trump said."
"She is the first female head of state to represent Australia on the continent, and will be the first female commander- in- chief of Australia's armed forces."
"They should be involved in meetings and conversations with foreign ministers from countries and developing countries that should be taking part in the investigation into the attacks."
"We've got a very good squad but this is the first week that we've had a chance to do that, so I'm really looking forward to it."
"What if these girls want to get into the Senate as soon as they can and learn how to run a successful campaign?"
"A number of Clinton allies have asked her to drop out, but she said she would not."
"The boys deserve to get a couple of matches back to their world record, if they can get those in then they have another opportunity."
"The South China Sea, also a security issue, would result in US defence spending being cut, he said."
"The veteran writer and activist had just finished a book about the struggles of disabled people and was going to shoot one."
"\"I'm not going to just have one day where I just take a bus through all the things I love,\" she says."
"He is one of the more exciting candidates to compete in England, and his long- term profile as a leader will be huge for the country."
"It is important that we provide the necessary support to those who are waiting for help to get home safely."
"The recent wave of violence in the Arab world has also exposed the new reality for Yemen's foreign fighters, who face the prospect of being pushed out of Yemen."
"The family's legal team also filed a federal lawsuit, which was originally dismissed, in July 2014."
"The prime minister is reportedly hopeful the British government will \"have some confidence \"in his negotiating skills, and even that will come from an effort to reach an agreement on other issues, including Britain's exit from the EU and the future of the"
"\"If we weren't strong enough, we couldn't compete and we were going to lose,\" he added."
"He said the village was now in danger of collapse due to rising sea levels, but he could not predict when or how quickly it would be."
"'When we can get the job done, I'm confident we can make that happen,' he added."
"\"If there's a political or social problem, the Prime Minister can say and do whatever he wants,\" he told MPs in February."
"I'm a father, too, but for a long time I didn't have a work schedule,\" she said."
"He hasn't really played a lot of golf, but he's been in a good position to make a return to the court."
"But we know that many people will think the opposite and may be shocked that we have chosen to spend a holiday with them."
"\"I think a big part of the problem is that the media and politicians don't really like to talk about it,\" he said."
"But the thing is, I don't have that history, so to find out that he's all right is a great honor."
"But Trump's push into a deeply conservative state and his clear understanding that his base of support in both party systems is weak makes him a good candidate for president."
"In December 2014, he called an oil pipeline blast in the western province of Prince George's worth of injuries."
"It was even claimed that his job would be to act as the club's support for him and not a journalist."
"We need to show a belief in what we are doing and then we have to move on and implement it."
"I know my dad would have been happy to be here, but I want to be here with the guys who have come before me."
"The officers were ordered to sit at a small- scale waiting area and couldn't move until they could grab the woman."
"In other words, Trump may be worse than Obama did at the beginning of the race, and that will give us a better idea of whether he can do it in a bigger way."
"The majority of the complaints came from university staff and parents and were just brought to the attention of police."
"And yet, one year ago, only a handful of people had heard of the project, and it has been his hope that he will be remembered in time."
"\"The desire and ability for the organization to get to the top level to improve itself will help us to achieve that,\" he said."
"\"I'm a teacher, I want to be a good teacher, I don't think anyone can do that,\" he told the court."
"The company says the results from its initial public offering, which was announced Monday, will help it become a more established company in the U. S. market."
"One question that will be asked is how many of them were in at least one school in the area and how many in the school's yards."
"\"There's nothing wrong with the game- we don't mind if they win or lose,\" he said."
"One of my sisters in law and I worked with an American company on a project in Indonesia."
"I think that a lot of people would feel that way- that a lot of people don't want to live here."
"By Monday morning, all of us knew that the new U. S. president would be our first secretary of state."
"We're just happy to be in the group, so it's been a long time since the last time we got one of the three."
"Last year, the company was able to raise $ 14. 7 million in pre- trial funding and raised another $ 8. 5 million in the first quarter."
"However, Trump repeatedly dismissed the claims, and the former reality star seemed to back away from the controversial remarks."
"\"There are a few people who are an extraordinary person in the world and the world is not perfect,\" he said."
"After the first major crisis in which his party was threatened, in 2002, he followed suit with a second, this time in 2005, in which he lost his seat on the council."
"If you're talking about the economy, the housing market, the housing and construction industry, how about climate change?"
"But it's not enough for him to be ready for tomorrow or the end of the season, or even come off the bench in the Champions League."
"There's just no question that in this day and age, when it comes to sex and relationships, men are given less time to engage with women than they do with men."
"The group's latest financial results confirm the value of the Scottish market in the days following the referendum in which it gained almost \u00a3 10 billion."
"The researchers said that despite what doctors have been telling them, only about 15 per cent of people were able to achieve the mental health- related health benefit that most doctors thought they had to."
"But in some areas it's not the same as in others, and in some cases people have been killed in training, or in attacks."
"But it's true that the current Republican Party is not without faith, as it always has been."
"If it's a power plant, the ability to turn on a switch or to put pressure on a switch is a very important part of a battery's performance."
"So if you have no intention of selling to anyone, and that's really what I was doing, it's not going to be for sale."
"'They're pretty good at picking out the right people to tell them what to do,' he told The Daily Mail."
"And the millions who are planning to vote for Trump don't necessarily have to be Trump voters, they do."
"The final track will feature some of the biggest names in the field, including some of the most influential managers in sports."
"It's really exciting because there's a lot of stuff out there that people don't understand yet."
"It's almost like being in a very, very stable relationship, and you know, there's a little bit of a bad one."
"If you have a great long- term plan, you can live your life at the lowest possible price for the price that you pay for your life insurance coverage."
"The Chancellor is likely to be reported back on Tuesday for his spending decisions after his budget came under increasing pressure from the government."
"But I want to know more about what the new Chinese president has to say about the Arab world."
"His administration has vowed to continue to invest in education, the health care system, the military and much of the economy."
"With the Brumbies third- highest goal difference, we feel they could be the best team in the competition."
"But I think we've got a genuine chance to do something special, not just in rugby league, but in life."
"He said: \"I think if you look at the European Union, they're the biggest trade partners of the EU."
"We had, a few days before the playoffs, another team that had something that was bigger than any team in the division."
"And when you've got a big event that's going to affect the country, you're not going to have a lot of people on the team."
"\"We're not going to sit down and say that this is a battle that the American people have to win,\" she told CNN at the time."
"They haven't gone well, but they're in the bottom half of the league, they're playing really well."
"I don't have time to think about it because of the doctors who are working for me,\" the teenager said."
"\"The number of hours a person works is affected by both the physical and the social,\" the study found, but it did not detail how much."
"But in the 21- and- a- half- years he has been with the team, his career has been won and lost."
"He added that the British were required to keep a list of potential victims of terrorist attacks and warnings would be issued when they were found."
"Our goal is to keep it down to the last minute so it doesn't get pushed too far and then get the best out of the boys."
"He said there was a \"clear gap \"between the idea of a \"green \"tax and how it was being used."
"The number of new jobs created in the energy and retail sector will increase by 1. 8 million jobs in the next 10 years, the report said."
"On this side, we feel very confident that we can be a dominant force in the Premier League and I believe we can still do that."
"\"When he was an 18- year- old, he was in a lot of trouble,\" a source told Reuters."
"The leader of the far- right National Front has said he is willing to sell military equipment if it is used by Britain and the United States."
"I would love to be in the White House, but I would also love to be president of the United States and I think that's not a possibility right now."
"We had a lot of chances and the last couple weeks we had a lot of chances, and that's what we want to focus on."
"The Americans will know that we must work together, and that we must work together, and if we are going to make our country great, we must do it in a way that makes the American people proud."
"We didn't think it would be so long but it was very lucky because we could have had a little bit of fun on the holiday."
"\"I'm always open about the possibility that, whatever I'm doing, it's not the right way to do it,\" he said."
"The government is not calling for an end to open borders, but a quick response to a problem that should have been addressed in the first place."
"But the market is getting worse, because a lot of the old faces who were standing up for women aren't standing up for women."
"His voice is really strong and there are moments where we don't get it right at the moment and he's not able to hear me."
"If this was just a test, then we'd be going back to bed thinking: \"OK, this time we're going to give him more chances to do what he does well."
"The amount of money that they put into the stadium, the quality of work that they put into the stadium, the fans that they put in, all this money that we're putting into the stadium is something that we'll look to improve on"
"He did not give up a goal, he was scoring goals and all of a sudden he was really good and it was great for the players to know that."
"A recent UN report said that as of August, over 1. 1 million people had died in Syria, mostly of war- related factors."
"I wouldn't say they're bad people, but they don't have the benefit of the money,\" she said."
"It is a victory for those who continue to call for the introduction of cannabis and positive behaviour training for adults, not only at the county level, but also for school, health and social care."
"He said it was the first time he had spoken with the two officials since being accused of doping during the 2014 World Cup."
"She was hit with an investigation into what was allegedly an unfair labour settlement and is being held on bail until further findings are made."
"That is a great thing, because that's the kind of thing we're going to live with for the rest of our lives."
"The 30- year- old was seen on CCTV, wearing a black suit, walking towards the van."
"\"If this is going to be used, we have to make sure it doesn't happen again,\" Mr. Wilson said."
"It can be tough to predict the future and it will be a while before we know exactly what happens next, but we're in the planning stages."
"But the 23- year- old left his post for the World Cup- named as the country's top player last year."
"\"It's in this context that we're asking for it, not in the amount of money that is needed to do that,\" she said."
"After the past two days, we made a good start, but I'm still disappointed that we were not able to have a good start."
"\"I am not going to negotiate with any foreign government to get rid of me,\" he said, promising to release all of his assets."
"A man who appeared in court on Monday, charged with the death of a woman, was the victim of a robbery."
"\"That's why it's important that we have a plan to deal with the problem that we have,\" he said."
"One of the best things that you can do, I think, is to go in front of the camera and say what you have to say and to be open for what you have to say."
"But I think it would be best for me to continue playing my sport and competing and have as much fun as I possibly can."
"It's the same everywhere- it's just not a great distance away from the land line."
"I know the way that he plays, but I think it's a bit of a mystery to him."
"We have two goals and three chances for our team, which means that we can really try to score on the break."
"It has not changed the method of work, it's just been part of our process now."
"\"People are talking about having a free trade agreement,\" he said, adding: \"I mean, no, they're talking about free trade, they're talking about a lot of different things."
"To be honest, I was a bit shocked and moved that I had to do it, because I never thought that you could write something like that."
"If the singer's path has been a bit more up- to- the- minute, there's not much to worry about."
"We believe this team can win every game of this series and, if we come out fighting, we'll win every game."
"But the action at the court of public opinion on its review was \"clear,\" the union said in a statement."
"On Tuesday, she will host a CNN town hall event at the CNN headquarters in New York City, where she will defend the GOP nominee."
"I had gone from getting nothing for the previous day to going to McDonald's, where you have a line and they say: I'm not very good at that."
"But on the other hand, just as an NFL player's confidence rises, so should the strength of his team's offense."
"'There are no words to describe the scale of the scale of destruction that I, as a doctor, am dealing with."
"But in the post- Brexit world, we should be more than happy to call this out in the debate."
"On Tuesday, a state election commission approved a $ 13- billion bond measure that would have allowed the city and county to let a construction company build a new home on a public land."
"One of the main people who wants to buy one of these cars, I know the other man, he's got this Mercedes."
"To be able to build a stronger business, which has been built up through the service sector, I can't wait to do it."
"The timing of the update is of particular importance for those in the region who might not be aware of the fire risk."
"The team of scientists behind the new study is also interested in more diverse bacteria, which the scientists believe will help them identify which bacteria to look for."
"A 22- year- old man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and carrying a dangerous weapon in connection with the accident."
"She now needs to make sure her mother is OK with having kids, but she'll be OK with one."
"\"We have to be very careful, but it is difficult for a country like Saudi Arabia to be more powerful than us,\" said a Saudi official in the United States."
"I'll go out there and work hard and do my best and see what the team can do, and I'll be here for the rest of the season."
"This weekend the start of another season in which the Blues will have another win away from home but a further three points back from second place."
"\"That's one of the reasons why I had to choose the start of the year because I thought it was going to be my best one,\" Murray said."
"The number of black and ethnic minority adults in the United States lives in a black- minority country."
"He said he was \"happy \"at being taken in by the club and has been encouraged by the offers he has received."
"In the final months of 2014, he told police he had been to Syria with a 14- year- old child and two other girls."
"My wife and I are in Canberra now for the first time and after just one season I feel like I've made a big change."
"Just 13 percent of those who wanted the system to be changed in a year and 28 percent said the same about the two- year waiting period."
"The 30- year- old actress, who was nominated for an Academy Award in 2015, said: \"I think it's very important for us to be nominated for so many things."
"If I didn't get into the top 10, I would have been missing out on that opportunity at the top."
"I know that this is my childhood, and it's the best that I can do, because I've never experienced anything like that before."
"It is understood the two- term Republican party leader's comments were only one of dozens of accusations against him and other top ministers."
"That's why I said it to you at the time, and I said it to the press the next time I was in New York and I said it to the world."
"The country's population is now at its current capacity of 10. 8 million, or about 8 percent of the total."
"If you want to be an American, it's hard to make the case that the left is all wrong."
"Trump declared victory after nearly two hours of campaigning in Miami, but the end of the primaries in Nevada and South Carolina meant little on the campaign trail."
"Because it is impossible to go and sell the place if it isn't rent- controlled."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to share your feelings, because it makes people like you more."
"The party is now on course to win a seat in the local council next year, while a number of of MPs have been moved from their local party."
"He is desperate to get back on the pitch and he wants to bring back the good years which we have had, the good lives, the good friends and the good family."
"\"I'm going to be taking it very seriously and I think if I am elected, I will do that,\" he said."
"But you know what, I think we'll be able to beat them one by one in the end, and then I think we'll be able to do it all over again."
"For a time, he was considered the most likely candidate to be president, but after the election he didn't look as presidential in the way he did in the White House."
"But I'm just as happy with my mental health as I am the physical health, which is pretty much the most important thing."
"He might want to make some changes in his plan, but he has been using the tax cut as an opportunity to make himself more conservative."
"But he has also seen that it's only a few days until someone is going to die, and it's such a big deal."
"For one, he said that a number of people had already changed their minds about the allegations, so the State Department's legal team had not acted immediately."
"\"It is the fact that Mr. Trump decided to issue a very aggressive order, which is part of the FBI investigation, that has changed the subject,\" he said."
"The university has to use the money to improve the student experience, as it is a small sum compared to the thousands of dollars that go towards hiring and firing staff."
"Now there's a great opportunity to do something and it's up to the three of us to decide if we want to pursue it."
"The Indian cricket team, which was two points off the top of the table, fell to 15- 6 in a match that featured eight innings of cricket."
"However, even the agency said it would not be able to tell us whether the children were killed by the attack."
"I knew that the station didn't have a lot of lights and there were almost no lights at all- the view was just flat."
"These stores have seen a significant increase in customer orders, more than doubled in the last year, and increased growth at the centre of the shopping centre."
"With a reported budget of $ 1. 6 billion, it is expected to be the largest hotel in the world."
"If you want to have a physical relationship, but have no access to the financial system, I believe you should lose weight and get help."
"The US is a great country, it's been there for 50 years and I know that a lot of people are frustrated by what happened here."
"\"There's a huge population of people in Britain- some as few as 20, 000 people- and we have to face up to this challenge,\" she said."
"We have a responsibility to encourage the export of low- value clothes and equipment to the United States, and we have done that through the trade- with- technology initiative."
"It has been a long season, so I'm looking forward to finally getting back to playing in front of my parents."
"The White House initially said the president would hold a joint news conference with Pope Francis, but a spokesman later said the president would not attend."
"The report shows a remarkable change in the economic outlook for the UK in the second quarter of this year."
"But with so much time and energy, I feel that they are more than capable of winning."
"\"I had a guy come in and start working hard, and I knew that they weren't having a good day,\" \"he said."
"More than a dozen people have died on the highway and dozens more are being treated in the emergency department, he said."
"\"We're looking for a one- off \"or \"break out of \"market, the report says."
"\"If a voter believes the state should take more responsibility for what they vote for, then they are going to vote for Donald Trump,\" he said."
"I got out of the car, sat back down in the car and said this is my brother, it's my brother."
"And I think it's just the way he's played, and he's going to see his form, but I think he's going to want to be here."
"\"The conditions for a successful investigation of the circumstances surrounding the death of an innocent person should be respected,\" a statement from the agency's national task force on Sunday said."
"For me, my job is to give them a feeling of good hope that they can come back to the safety of their home and have fun,\" he said."
"The players were trying to get back to their normal routine of being there for the games, but all the time they were at their proper place."
"The child who was involved in the investigation, an 11- year- old girl, was born in the UK to a woman who lived in the country."
"His idea of a \"fiscal hit \"is so- called because it takes the government out of the EU budget in the event of the UK losing its pound."
"\"We have to leave the position up to the collective decision of the people of the United States of America and I'm sorry, but it is wrong,\" he said."
"In its latest earnings release, Amazon reported its second quarter of sales growth of 9. 1% year- on- year."
"The company is now at the cutting edge of its technologies and sales, and knows it needs to grow for the future."
"They were also so happy that the US Army had to open the door for them to come to our defense."
"What he does know is that he is a young man who lives in a country where everything is \"different \"and who believes that Europe, the EU and the United States are the world's greatest threat."
"\"We knew that if it weren't for the late strikes that he would be very, very strong,\" Trump said."
"The problem is that it seems as if there are now so many people who are trying to figure out how to start a small business and then the answer doesn't stick."
"The final result will be revealed today, but it would not be the first time Clinton has come under fire for lying to the American people about her financial situation."
"\"I think it's important to give a voice to those families who were left behind in some way, shape or form,\" he said."
"The bigger issue is that we need to talk about the possibility that some of these people would be on the terrorist watch list, not be able to do anything."
"The next thing we knew, we found out that they're actually three girls together, and that's when we realized we didn't even know who they were."
"I mean, this is my whole life and I've never even come to Nevada before."
"He said: \"I remember coming home, it was just after midnight, and there was a great chaos, and the roof collapsed and I just thought I could go back and get to work."
"To be able to fight it and win it, I'm just really excited to be doing that and what's next."
"We are talking about a significant amount of money that has not been invested in the fight against the virus and we know how important it is."
"Last week, the governor's office said the commission had passed the state's first testing of a first- generation battery in a tested electric vehicle."
"And while I'm not voting for the Republican Party nominee, I'm voting for Donald Trump,\" he said."
"If we have the attitude that we are already too strong and we can't afford to get out of that situation, that will be good for us."
"\"It's difficult to tell if they have beaten Leicester, which is hard for us because it's not the first time they've beaten us,\" he said."
"At the time, the U. S. and NATO appeared to have agreed on only two points: U. S. military support for the Kurdish forces, which were fighting against Islamic State militants."
"As part of the process, federal officials have begun giving individuals financial and work- related benefits, as well as money for retirement."
"Two men are currently being held in connection with the deaths, one of whom was a passenger in the van."
"And I think it's going to be hard for me to do that if I have to do that a lot."
"The problem was, these guys were making decisions with their hands, it was just a matter of them trying to get to the best part of the planet."
"If we want to make a difference on society, we need to know who our candidates are, and also have more common ground."
"The Metropolitan police says three people are being treated for serious injuries, including a dog, at a hospital after the incident."
"\"The third study will address the health implications of the initial recommendations, and how to respond to this change,\" the researchers wrote."
"The story itself is to do with the fact that parents have decided that the length of their stay should be significantly reduced."
"She described the threat of terrorism, which has been on the rise in Europe over the past few years, as a problem that must be addressed and not just an issue of one group."
"The new proposed four- day service, which will run from 11 a. m. to 7 p. m. to provide 24 hours of free accommodation, will be open to the public."
"The victory for Ms Merkel, the chancellor in power since the beginning of the refugee crisis, has not received as much attention as what appears to be a new lead in the European elections."
"It was the first time he'd done so and there's no way of getting it out of his head."
"I've already seen a lot of changes over the last 12 months and I think it's an opportunity for us to continue that trend."
"People in Paris have urged the city government to ban plastic bags in places where they were found in schools, while anti- plastic campaigners have been increasingly demanding for them to be moved to other cities where they are more popular."
"\"But now I'm talking to you guys and the two of us have got a deal,\" Green said."
"\"They always tell me, \"No, you're not coming with us,\" \"he said."
"\"We didn't know we'd be playing the only U. S. team that played a U. S. team,\" he said."
"I was not on the team, but I was with the team, and as we work with him, I think we're ready for him."
"If we're not going to be prepared to do that then we will do it. And if we are not prepared, then we don't do that."
"My aim was to contribute to the improvement of the Olympic Games and when I'm 100% fit I want to be here on the track again."
"It wasn't until the day after the election, two weeks before I announced the campaign, that I knew what I was talking about."
"We have to find the right mix of players and also know how to balance different parts of the squad that will be fit for a game in the first round."
"\"This could potentially impact on the access of overseas customers who live outside of the EU,\" he added."
"It's a fantastic stage but it's always the challenge to create some momentum and then it's going to be very difficult for us to do that."
"In the two years since it became known as the \"Bank of Ireland,\" which also became a trading body for the Bank of England, a string of policy decisions have been made in the sector."
"The benefits of this tax break could be less than the cost to the U. S. economy in 2016, according to a new analysis."
"If you've got a break, it may be worth it- but when it's all said and done, it won't matter."
"We have seen a surge in asylum applications, but we don't see any evidence that the process is being used to silence criticism of the government."
"It is very different to how you see it- we have less of a need for something else to do, and more of a need to be able to do it."
"At the time, his wife was not officially involved, though the couple's association with the media was clear."
"He's the captain who will have to do that over the next few games or until it's done."
"The Foreign Office said it was aware of the ongoing investigations but said it had no information to suggest any issue with the helicopter."
"It's not going to be easy, but we're here to win this competition and it's up to each of us to step up."
"This is a great one- half thing and I'm going to try and be that guy who's better on the court than I am."
"In a country where most people don't expect to get off the train or even on to a bus for work, it seems the only option is out- of- the- way travel."
"The mayor's comments come after the federal government warned that the vast majority of Americans already have it, and \"if we fail, the world is not safe."
"The inquest heard of \"excellent \"faith based community response to the girl's death and her recovery from the trauma."
"The company's share price has dropped about 10 per cent in the past year, while its consumer price index has fallen about 10 per cent in the past year."
"The latest TV ratings of the state were published on the same day as the election- day high- speed train service, which runs between Berlin and Munich."
"'We know that there is a problem, but we know that there is another alternative, and that is another person on the run."
"The U. S. has provided $ 1. 3 billion in aid to India since 2009, when it began providing humanitarian assistance to the nation."
"My feeling is that this may be a particularly violent test for him- but we know what happens to other athletes."
"When we're discussing the outcomes of the next election, you never know what will happen next."
"The officers were working in a crowd, she said, but they couldn't find a clear cause of death."
"I think the reality is we're all feeling that pain... we all want to do well and be successful, but if we don't take care of ourselves and live up to our potential, then maybe there will be a problem."
"No matter how small, I still don't understand how they can make a difference."
"On that trip, he said, he didn't pay any attention to his wife's license plate, just his car."
"I do know the message was not always positive, but we had a good run, but then again, I wouldn't mind getting a drink."
"I wouldn't think that she would do it again, because that would be not only her fault but the fault of the survivors of the plane."
"He even suggested, at one point, that her black doctor work for free to encourage her to become pregnant."
"I couldn't believe it when I was told that it was the most amazing thing in the world."
"The service, which took three years to build, will replace hundreds of existing jobs in retail and food businesses across the UK."
"What we are trying to do is create a strong and stable relationship, one that helps to ensure that people feel safe and secure."
"That means there are more jobs to be created in areas where Democrats have the most control over Congress than in the states."
"You'd think that would be a wake- up call, but that's not the case."
"Despite his claim, the local authorities have not let him go, having sent him to jail."
"I wasn't sure if I wanted to go for a period of time but I took it as a great opportunity to learn and not be scared."
"At first, you feel as if you've been told everything you've done or should have done and your career is basically an afterthought."
"An inquiry has been launched into claims that the Met has failed to carry out proper checks in the case of the alleged child sex abuse inquiry."
"But he's a true leader of the Labour Party and you would never, ever, ever, ever forget the events that he led."
"Now I'm being told to shut my mouth and not talk about it and I have to do what I need to do."
"It's a very, very special situation, to be able to be a part of it- to be involved in the culture and to be able to come together, learn as a team and, when the opportunity comes to play with Celtic,"
"\"A lot of families in other cities and villages, if they want to go to see a doctor, they have to go to the police,\" she said."
"He's one of the most experienced coaches in the business and we will continue to be a critical partner for the club over the next 12 months."
"I'd been running and it was probably the best I've ever run and a lot of other people were running too, so I guess the race was probably my last chance."
"\"I've had lots of opportunities to play golf in the last couple of years, and I've been able to play a lot more golf these days,\" he said."
"The Council is an investment bank, owned by its shareholders and invested in projects such as new airports and islands, and it is funded by an average of \u00a3 1, 200 a year in direct funding."
"He returned to his hotel room in the early hours of the morning, taking a seat in his bed, watching television."
"And I believe that we all have a responsibility to create a better future for our country, and I look forward to working with our president and the vice president to help create that future."
"'We've known for a few years now that there's no way we'd go out in the middle of the night and get the pick of a few bodies,' she told me."
"The survey also found that 77% of people don't know what the condition means, while 42% said they do."
"\"I feel confident that in three years I'll be an American citizen,\" he said during a campaign stop in Philadelphia."
"To be in one place in the country, and not to be able to see the outside world, is just too bad."
"The site, where the vote is being held, is not closed to the public and the staff have been told to return to work."
"If we get our way, we will be a very different country in a very short period."
"\"I am not going to be going to Europe because I don't think we should go back there,\" he told reporters."
"They believe that any policies that may be tried to remove the Crown from Scotland's membership of the European Union are unlikely to succeed."
"The company added that its revenue from the first half of this year was \u20ac 50. 6 million and its net income of \u20ac 23. 6 million, compared with \u20ac 22. 4 million for the same period last year."
"I remember being asked to put a blue ball in and he did it all the time, so it was great that he was able to do that."
"Our aim was to get into the Champions League semi- finals in the last 16 and that was what we got."
"Trump also spent part of his address saying he believes \"in \"Hillary Clinton, and that she would be the \"strongest and most independent \"president he's ever run for."
"And the government will now set the agenda for the upcoming month and in the last year of his term, at which point it will be extended again."
"We had a pretty good start to the season, and we're looking forward to getting back on the field and playing some of the games that we want."
"We are not saying we would be willing to give up- we have actually been talking to her about a similar situation."
"I would think it would be best to have a two- day period when we're available, because that's a benefit to the business."
"You know, you'd like to go to the NFL, but you'd really like to play for a guy who's not famous."
"People want to help you, they want to help their children, they want to help their families, and I think most people just want to be successful."
"I don't know who it was, or if it was like a group of kids, but I think it was pretty intense."
"\"It's a well- run store that gives you everything you need to get you to the best possible prices,\" she said."
"\"I think the Canadian way to deal with this is to get into the problems and ask questions,\" he said."
"The study found that women who eat a range of vegetables at least once a week are more than twice as likely to develop type 2 diabetes."
"He said the trust took a \"harsh \"view of other relatives \"who were there at the time but not believed him."
"The true extent to which this is an increasingly influential part of daily life, not only for the Russian people but also for the American and European public, is not yet known."
"It will make me feel more at ease and I'll be at a greater level of comfort."
"\"I remember a very small group of people who had been drinking in a group area and we decided to get rid of them, because they got drunk,\" said Paul."
"But there was a point in 2012 when I lost to Donald Trump, and I was the nominee for eight years."
"It was pretty much always the same after that, that I would be in the government as an MP and then the question became: how much do you want?"
"The procedure that might lead to it is controversial, but ultimately it's something that I'm very happy with."
"\"There are more than 300, 000 new jobs in Northern Ireland because of the steel boom,\" he said."
"There are about 1, 000 jobs in the U. S. and Mexico that would be at risk if they didn't allow workers here."
"We'd spent our lives, probably about as much as we've done in the past, and it's not our fault."
"The family of a British man who was stabbed to death in a Berlin apartment complex have launched a campaign to save the man."
"I also work with children and want to be at the centre of all of it, and to find ways to help them and their families."
"A little over a year ago, at the urging of political parties and governments, he launched his own war against the corruption, which has dominated the country for decades."
"It is true that some of the most important decisions we make can be changed in a matter of days, but we also have to act with our heart and soul."
"The idea is to teach kids to feel things through the eyes of one another, to understand and express themselves through sounds."
"At the time I didn't have anything for sale, but I was able to make it in time for Christmas."
"\"I've learned that I will make a difference in the lives of many people, so I'll be working hard to help them,\" Clinton said."
"\"I've seen so much and been in such a rush to become a manager in the past two or three years,\" he says."
"It's part of a wider package of recommendations that we've been working on for a very long period of time."
"It wasn't so long ago, in the beginning of my life, when I had a cold that I could walk right out of."
"I am also for Britain staying in the European Union, in principle, and I am sure we can work together to make sure that Europe works for everyone."
