"\"I don't think it's fair to say that I'm not in the best position to be a leader of the Labour party,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to be a part of that, but I'm going to try to do everything I can to help the team win,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and the people to have a vote on this,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're getting a little more attention for our work,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut about 2, 000 jobs."
"The government is also trying to tackle the problem of drug abuse in schools, which is now at a record high."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a good thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The woman, who is not being named, said she was in the car with her husband when the shooting happened."
"The first thing I did was to make sure I was in the right place at the right time and I was able to get the ball out of my hands."
"The average age of the first- time buyers is now 45, and the average age of first- time buyers in the UK is now 45, compared with 40 in the US."
"The company said it had also raised the price of its own stock by $ 1. 5 billion in 2015."
"It's not a great start for the team, but we have to make sure we get the right result."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"to be able to offer the service, which it said was \"a great way of helping people get the most out of their mobile devices."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 4 billion in funding from private investors and was in the early stages of developing a strategy to boost its revenue."
"I think that's a good thing, because I think that's what we need to be doing, and I think that's what we need to be doing."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2008."
"But I think it's important to remember that we're not talking about the same thing- we're talking about the same thing."
"The company said it expects to have a net profit of $ 1. 4 billion in the first half of 2016."
"But if you're a fan of the show, you'll be happy to know that the show is actually a lot more fun than you might think."
"The new study found that the average number of days a woman has been pregnant has dropped from 13. 8 days to 13. 6 days, or from 14 to 14. 5 days."
"The former secretary of state and first lady also made a surprise appearance on the show, in which she was the only guest."
"The first of these was the first time that the government has been able to take away the right to vote from a group of people."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a policy that's not based on science."
"But I think the other thing is, I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do it in a few years."
"The new rules will apply to all employees, including those who are part- time or who are not paid for at least 12 weeks."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of life and the quality of people that we have here."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries, but his mother was unable to give any further details."
"The state's unemployment rate is now 4. 6 percent, compared with a national average of 4. 4 percent."
"The company said it would be able to use the new technology to deliver the same quality of service to customers across the UK."
"The new figures show that the number of people who have been in the labour force for more than six months has fallen from a peak of more than 1. 5 million in 2012."
"The company said in a statement that it was \"very pleased \"by the outcome of the case, which it said was a \"significant step \"in the company's efforts to improve its customer service."
"I'm not sure if it's the same thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"I have been told that the government has no intention of changing the law, but that doesn't mean I can't do it."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a little bit of fun and to have a little bit of fun and to be able to do that with a little bit of fun."
"The company said it had been \"actively working with the authorities \"in the wake of the incident and would continue to do so."
"The latest figures also show that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than 100, 000 since the beginning of the conflict in 2011."
"The company has said it will begin to cut its workforce by half in 2017, with the aim of cutting its workforce by more than 100, 000 by 2020."
"The government has said it will \"closely monitor \"the case and will be making a decision on the matter in the coming weeks."
"The new study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the average age of a new patient is now 28 years old."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm really excited for the next four years and the next five years."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to a police station in the city, where they were questioned for a further two hours."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea for them to be in the same room,\" she said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing for the country to have a debate on this,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 6 percent at $ 30. 30, while its shares were up 1. 2 percent at $ 33. 30."
"I'm not going to say it's a good thing, but I think it's important to remember that this is a very different world than what we've been living in."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about what we're doing,\" he said."
"I think we've got to be better than that and I think we've got to be better than that, and that's what we've got to do."
"The government has also said it will not be taking part in the talks, which are due to start in the first half of 2017."
"The US military has been in Afghanistan since 2003, and has been involved in operations against the Taliban since 2011."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local hospital and see if I could get a blood test."
"The U. S. has been at war with the Taliban for more than two years, and it has been accused of using chemical weapons."
"The company's shares fell more than 8 percent to $ 12. 30 on Wednesday, and are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The couple's relationship has been on the rise since they met in 2013 and he said he is now in love with her."
"But the new study suggests that the majority of people who have been diagnosed with the disease are not aware of the condition."
"But the government has said it will take action if the UK votes to leave the EU, and that it is considering the possibility of a second referendum."
"The company said it had already raised more than $ 1. 5 billion in a Series B round of funding."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say that we have a very strong team here,\" he said."
"But I think the best thing that can happen is that we have to make sure that we have the best team in the world."
"\"We have been working on this for a long time and it is a very important project,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it."
"The video, which has been viewed more than 2. 4 million times, has been viewed more than 4. 5 million times on Facebook and is viewed more than 5, 000 times on YouTube."
"The government is set to announce a new contract for the first time in a decade for the new NHS chief executive."
"The company's shares were down about 5 percent at $ 15. 60 in after- hours trading."
"The only thing I can do is try to be a good dad and help my son grow up and be a good father."
"\"I think the best way to look at it is that the people who are in charge of the system have been in charge for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I think the fact that we're in a position where we're going to have to do that, that's a good thing,\" she said."
"But the fact that it was a big deal is that the public, and the media, have been very critical of it."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that we are a very strong team and we're going to be a very strong team for the next four or five years,\" he said."
"The first thing that I did was to get a job and I'm not going to do it for a while."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third since the start of the year, and its stock has fallen by more than a third in the last three months."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital."
"The court heard that the two men had been in a relationship for more than a year and the pair had been in a relationship for more than a year."
"The new poll found that only 29 percent of Americans said they would vote for Clinton if the former secretary of state won the election."
"It's a good way to get a feel for what the game is like and what you can expect from a team."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around it and you have to go out there and play."
"He said:'I've been in the business for 25 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I have been told that I can't go to the Olympics because I am a woman,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are here,\" he said."
"The incident was captured on video and posted on social media by a man who claimed to be a police officer."
"I don't know if it's because I'm a woman or if it's just a case of being a little bit more conservative."
"The most important thing is not to get caught up in the political process, but to understand the issues and the solutions that are being proposed."
"I think we have a good chance to win the game, but we have to be more patient and we have to be more patient with ourselves."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that we're going to win the election,\" he said."
"It's a very good opportunity to see what the future holds, and to see what the future holds for the players, and to see what the future holds for the club, and to see what the future holds for the players."
"The most important thing to me is to be able to put my hand up and say I'm sorry."
"He said:'I'm not sure what the future holds but I'm sure I'll be back in a couple of years."
"The first thing I want to do is make sure that I'm not going to have to be in the same room as the president."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told I had a heart attack and I had to go to hospital."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that for a long time,\" he said."
"The couple had been married for more than a decade, and the couple had two children together, one of whom was born in January."
"\"I'm going to be a leader in the world, and I'm going to do it with the highest regard for the people of this country,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new policy to tackle the issue of child sex abuse in schools, which will be published in the autumn."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be very happy with him,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to go into details about what happened, but I think we all know that he was a very good player,\" he said."
"It is not clear whether the two men were involved in the shooting, but it is not clear whether they were killed."
"The two men were arrested at the scene and taken to a nearby hospital, where they are being treated for minor injuries."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to say that,\" he said."
"The government has said the plan would save the NHS \u00a3 1. 6 billion a year, but critics argue that the plan is too expensive."
"The government has also said it will take action to address the problem, including raising the minimum wage to \u00a3 10."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said of the new rules."
"The study also found that people who had a family history of heart disease were more likely to die from heart failure than people who had no family history of heart disease."
"The two sides have been at odds over the issue for years, but the issue has become so toxic that the two sides have agreed to a \"special meeting \"of the UN Security Council."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 1. 40, after the company announced a plan to close the plant."
"He said: \"I've been working on this for a while now, and I think it's a good idea."
"\"I think we've got to do a better job of building the relationship between the United States and the rest of the world,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if I would have been able to do that if I'd been in the car."
"The two men were arrested in a joint operation by the Metropolitan Police and the Metropolitan Police Scotland."
"\"I'm not going to go into the details of what happened, but I'm going to say that I was very upset,\" he said."
"The city's mayor said the fire was caused by a \"very small fire \"and that it was not yet clear if the fire was related to the fire."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a conversation about what's going on,\" he said."
"The first two years of my life were spent in the same room as my mother and father, and I was the only child in the family."
"The first thing we want to do is to make sure that we get the right people in the right places."
"I don't think we've had the same amount of success in the last couple of years."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the government would have to find a way to fund the project."
"It's not that I don't like it, it's just that I don't have the same passion for it as I do for the rest of my life."
"\"We are going to have to make sure that we are going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for the country to have a conversation about what is the right way to handle this issue,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be very careful, because we don't know what the future holds,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it's going to be a great team,\" he said."
"The company said it had already received a \"small number \"of requests for the information, and that it had already received a \"large number \"of requests for the information."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a south London police station."
"I'm going to be honest, I don't think it's going to be a good thing for him."
"The government has said it will not impose a cap on the number of people allowed to work in the country."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter, and $ 1. 6 billion in the first three months of the year."
"The government has also pledged to spend $ 1. 3 billion on infrastructure over the next five years, up from $ 1. 8 billion in 2015."
"\"I'm not going to be a leader of the Labour party,\" he said, referring to the shadow cabinet."
"\"I've been told that I can't do this, and I've been told that I can't do that,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 50% since the start of the conflict."
"The company said it had already raised $ 2. 5 million in the second quarter, and it expects to raise another $ 1. 5 million in the third."
"\"I think that's the most important thing for me to do, is to get a good result,\" he said."
"\"It's not just about the money,\" she said, \"it's about the quality of the work that's being done."
"But I think the biggest thing is that we have to be able to do it in a way that is not just about the people."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would lay off 1, 000 workers."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said on Tuesday that it would review the case and make a decision by the end of the week."
"\"I'm not sure how much of that is going to be used to make it more affordable,\" he said."
"The fact that we have a lot of good players in the squad and we have a lot of good players in the squad is a good thing."
"The country's economy grew by 0. 4 percent in the first quarter of this year, compared with 0. 6 percent in the previous quarter."
"\"I think the most important thing is to get the best possible deal for the people of the United Kingdom,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good idea for the government to look at the situation and see if there's any way forward,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to be doing everything I can to make sure that we have the best possible chance to win,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the new contract to be implemented until it is in place, and that it will not allow the new contract to be implemented until the government has been in power."
"I think it's a good idea, but I'm not sure how much it would cost."
"The company said it was working to address the issue but would not comment on the details of the investigation."
"The company said it would be \"extremely difficult \"to raise the $ 1. 5 billion needed to complete the project."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering a great product \"and that it was \"committed to continuing to deliver the best product possible,\" according to a statement."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other incidents \"in the region where it operates."
"\"We have to be able to get the ball in the right place and make the right plays,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be the one who's going to make it, but I'm going to be the one who's going to make it,\" he said."
"I don't want to say anything negative about the team, but I think we are a very good team."
"\"I'm not going to be the one to say it's not going to be a good thing,\" he said."
"He said: \"I am very happy to be back in the game, I have been training hard and I feel I can do it."
"The first of three games, they'll have to make a decision on whether to go with a 4- 3- 3 or a 4- 4- 3- 1."
"The new figures show that the proportion of people aged between 25 and 54 who had a job fell from 33 per cent in 2000 to 24 per cent in 2015."
"The government has been criticised for failing to tackle the problem of child sexual abuse, with a report due to be released on Tuesday."
"The government is also working to improve the quality of life for people who are homeless and to improve the quality of life for those who are not."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors and was now looking for a partner."
"\"I'm not sure that's what we're going to do, but I'm sure we'll be doing something,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 10 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost more than 20 percent of its value since the beginning of 2015."
"The United States is the only major power that doesn't have a military, and the United States has a military, but it's not the only one."
"The company said it had sold more than 100, 000 of the cars in the first half of the year."
"The company said it had sold more than 2, 000 units in the first three months of the year, a rise of 2 percent from the same period last year."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing terrorists since September 11, 2001, and has been accused of war crimes by the U. N. and the international community."
"\"I've been doing this for a while and I've been doing it for a while, and I've got to get back to it,\" he said."
"The new law, which will take effect on January 1, will apply to all employees, regardless of their gender, regardless of their age, regardless of their gender identity, regardless of their gender expression, regardless of their gender expression and regardless of"
"I'm not saying that I'm not going to be a good president, but I'm going to make sure that I have a good relationship with my people."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to do that again,\" she said."
"The first thing you should know about the new president is that he is not a politician. He has a political agenda."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors and was working on a strategy."
"The U. S. has been in the middle of a war in Yemen, and the U. S. has been fighting the Saudi- led coalition for more than a year."
"But the reality is that the government's decision to give the UK a free trade deal with the EU has been a disaster for the UK economy."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue and that the company would be releasing a statement on the matter in due course."
"The UK's biggest bank has warned that the UK will be hit by a \"hard Brexit \"if the EU leaves."
"The government has been forced to admit that it is not doing enough to tackle the problem, and that the problem is not going away."
"The new study found that the average age of the people who were diagnosed with breast cancer was 26. 9 years, compared to 24. 3 years in the general population."
"The United States is the world's largest economy, and it is the world's largest economy if you include the U. S. dollar."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the police department's use of force."
"The city has been under the control of the military since the end of the Vietnam War, and has been under the control of the U. S. government since the end of the civil war."
"The US has been accused of a \"war on terror \"by the US- led coalition that has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria and Iraq."
"The Government has been criticised for failing to act on the issue of child benefit, with claims rising by more than \u00a3 10 million a year."
"It's a very important game for us and we have to do it in the right way and I'm sure we can do that."
"The decision to go to the polls in New Hampshire is a big deal for the campaign of Bernie Sanders, who leads Hillary Clinton in the polls."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for the club to get a better feel of what we're doing and get a better understanding of what we're doing,\" he said."
"But it's not just about the money, it's about the people who are working to make it happen."
"The UK is the only country in the EU that does not recognise same- sex marriage, and there is a growing movement to make it legal."
"\"I think we're all going to be a little bit better off if we're able to do that,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what's going to happen to the UK, but I'm sure it will be a very positive thing."
"\"I have been in this business for 20 years and I have never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"I've been here a long time and I've never seen anything like this, so I'm really looking forward to it."
"The United Nations has said that more than 1, 500 people have been killed in the fighting, including more than 1, 500 civilians, according to the United Nations."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company's shares are down more than 10 percent this year, and are up more than 15 percent in the past year."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been sent home from work increased by an average of 8. 7% between January and March."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it because I don't want to hurt anybody,\" he said."
"The report said the number of children in care in England and Wales has fallen by more than a third since 2010."
"\"I'm not going to say it was a bad thing, but it was a bad thing,\" he said."
"But I'm not sure that's the case, because I'm not sure that's the case at all."
"It's a good thing that I'm in the team, because I know I'm going to be there for the long term."
"\"It's not like I'm going to say something that's going to be so controversial,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said, adding that he had not spoken to the president since the meeting."
"\"It's a big deal for us to be able to do that and we're very proud of the work we're doing,\" he said."
"The number of people who are now being paid less than they were before the law was passed has fallen to a record low of just over one million."
"The former secretary of state is the first female U. S. president and is the first woman to serve in a U. S. government."
"The club's official website says it is \"working with the police to establish the circumstances surrounding the incident,\" but the club has not released any information."
"The company has said it is looking for a new CEO and that it is considering a new strategy for its business."
"It's a very good feeling, and we're going to keep fighting until the last minute, but we're going to get through this."
"The new rules are designed to make it easier for companies to sell to consumers, and to make it easier for companies to sell to the public."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the incident."
"He said: \"I'm not sure that the police will be able to get to the bottom of what happened."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 38. 50 on Thursday after the announcement."
"I was going to be in a really bad situation, I was going to be in a really bad situation, and I didn't know what to do."
"The president's speech, which was delivered in the White House Rose Garden, was the first time the president has addressed the nation in nearly a decade."
"\"I'm not going to say what the outcome of the election will be,\" he said, referring to the U. S. presidential election."
"\"I think the most important thing is to get the right balance of the game, and that's what we're trying to do,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been the world's most powerful economy for the past 40 years, and it has been for the past 20."
"\"I don't know what the hell I'm going to do,\" he said, adding that he had been told by the police that he would be charged."
"\"I've been told that if I don't do my job, I'm not going to get a job,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 10 per cent in the past year and is down about 20 per cent in the past year."
"He's a big guy, but he's a big guy, so I don't think he's going to be able to do it."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I've got a lot of money,\" he said."
"The two- year- old girl who was shot and killed by a police officer in Charlotte on Sunday has been identified as a mother of two."
"The only thing I'm worried about is that the players are not going to be able to play for a long time."
"The team's first- round pick in the 2014 draft has been a key player in their offense for the past two seasons."
"The government has not yet announced a plan to introduce the scheme, but it is understood to be in the early stages of being considered."
"But I think we can do better, and that's what we're going to do."
"\"I think it's a great idea and I think it's a good idea, but I don't think it's going to happen,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in March."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors in 2015 and 2016, with the goal of raising $ 5 billion in the first quarter of 2017."
"The last time the two sides met was in the second round of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, when the two sides met in the first round."
"It's a good way to get a sense of where you're at and how you're going to perform."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including the Chinese government, and was looking to raise $ 3. 5 billion in the fourth quarter."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people of Flint and for the people of Flint, but I also have a lot of respect for the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to add a total of more than 100, 000 jobs in the next 12 months."
"But if you're a woman who has a baby, you can't be too careful about how you use the bathroom."
"He said he would not be surprised if the government decided to do so, but said it was too early to say."
"The man, who is believed to have been a member of the Islamic State group, was arrested in the city on Monday."
"\"I don't know if I'll ever be able to do that again,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what the government is doing and what they're doing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great idea, but I think it's a great idea that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"\"It's a great way to start a new life, to start a new life, to start a new life,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we do everything we can to make sure that this is a safe, safe environment for our children,\" he said."
"The UK is one of the most important trading partners for the European Union and it is vital that we continue to work with our European partners."
"The first was a woman who was in a relationship with a man who was a member of the same family."
"The first thing I want to say about this is that I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you."
"The team's last game was at home in the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, and it was a disappointing result."
"The company said it was \"confident \"it would be able to meet its target of delivering 1. 5 million vehicles in the first year."
"The man who killed his mother and her two children has been jailed for life after being found guilty of the murder of his wife and two children."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who has been abused,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do, but I'm not going to be in a position where I'm not going to be in a position where I'm not going to be able to do things,\" he said"
"\"I'm just trying to get the ball in the net and get the momentum and get my shot,\" he said."
"I don't think he's going to be able to do it in the next four or five years."
"I've been on the phone with him since the last time we spoke, and he's been very nice."
"\"We're going to be in the position where we're going to be able to get the best out of our players,\" he said."
"The new president is expected to make a decision on whether to extend the country's military presence in the region."
"\"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm very confident we will be able to get the job done,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of EU citizens living in the UK."
"The government has said it will give the government a \"full and fair \"look at the issue, but the issue has been a major source of tension between the two countries."
"The court heard that the girl had been \"taken to the police station \"for questioning by the police and that she had been told she was not allowed to leave the house."
"The report said the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease in the past year had increased by a third."
"The average price of a new home in the U. S. is now $ 1. 5 million, up from $ 1. 5 million a year ago."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a little bit of fun,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state also said that she would not vote for Trump, but said she would support Clinton."
"\"It's not that we're going to have a bad relationship with Russia,\" he said, adding that he would not rule out a military alliance with Moscow."
"The number of people who are infected with the virus in the UK is estimated to be around 50, 000 a year."
"He said: \"I'm very pleased to be able to say that we are now in the process of negotiating a new contract."
"\"I'm not going to say what I think is the right thing for the country,\" he said."
"I was in the middle of my career and I was trying to figure out what I wanted to do with it and I didn't get it."
"The company said it had been \"very clear \"that it would not be selling its services to the public and that it would not be selling its services to the government."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that the UK is going to be a very attractive place to be,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's any question that this is a very important issue for the country,\" she said."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to cut its UK sales forecast for the Christmas period by nearly half."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm really happy with the results,\" she said."
"The new rules will come into effect on 1 January 2017 and apply to all new vehicles sold in Scotland."
"The UK's decision to leave the EU has been a major blow to the UK economy and to the European project of a strong European Union."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to maintain the same level of service for a long period of time, and that it would be \"very difficult \"to maintain the same level of service for a long period of time for its"
"The former secretary of state also said that she would \"absolutely \"accept the results of the election if she wins."
"The first thing I did was to look at the video footage of the attack and to see if I could find any evidence of it."
"I think we're going to have a very strong team, and I think we're going to be very competitive."
"The British government is considering a new package of measures to tackle the threat of the virus, including a ban on travel to the country."
"The next day, the U. S. State Department sent a letter to the Russian government asking it to provide information about the Syrian government's chemical weapons program."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been lucky enough to have the opportunity to work with a great team,\" he said."
"But I think it's a very good thing to have a big team that can help you win games and help you win the championship."
"The UK is the only country in the EU that does not have a national minimum wage, and it is not clear how the government will respond."
"The new system will be introduced in the autumn, with the first phase of the scheme to start in the autumn of 2017."
"The company has been working with the government on a plan to reduce emissions, but it is not clear how much of the money will be used to reduce emissions."
"It's not the first time that Trump has threatened to \"bomb \"the US, and it's not the last."
"\"I've been in the business a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"I've got to get on with my life and I've been able to get on with my life for the last two years."
"The only way to get a good deal is to get a good deal for the people who are going to pay the price."
"The Government has said it will introduce a \"new \"prohibition on the number of people who can be arrested for a crime."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but have since recovered to about $ 9. 30."
"\"I'm going to go out there and do what I can to make sure that we get the win,\" he said."
"He said: \"I've been in the business for 15 years, so I've never seen anything like it."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI and the U. S. Attorney's Office in Los Angeles to determine the circumstances surrounding the shooting."
"It's a big game for us, and we're going to have to play it to win it."
"I think the only way to get the best out of him is to keep playing and keep playing and keep playing, and I think that's what he's doing."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for us, and I think it's important for the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it because I have a very good relationship with the president,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying that's a bad thing, but it's not the way to do it,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the abuse, but the victims are not being let down."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt in my mind that he's going to be a great player,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to keep doing what I'm doing,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with cancer increased by 1. 2 million between 2010 and 2015."
"It is not clear whether the men who were convicted of the rape were aware that they were being held in custody."
"It's a very, very sad thing to see, but it's a very, very good thing to see, and I'm sure we'll see it in the future."
"The company's stock has fallen nearly 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 10 percent."
"The company has also announced plans to expand its mobile app business, which it said will be more than 50 percent more than it did in 2015."
"The man who has been charged with the murder of a police officer has been released on bail."
"\"It is important to understand that the government has a responsibility to ensure that the health service is in good standing with the public,\" he said."
"The fact that we're going to have a new president, who's going to be a businessman, who's going to be a businessman, who's going to be a businessman, who's going to be a businessman, and who's going"
"The UK is the only country in the EU that does not recognise same- sex marriage, and the government has said it will not change its position."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to close the deal, adding that it would be \"extremely difficult \"to find a new partner."
"\"I'm not sure how long I can stay, but I'm sure I'll be back,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the people who work in the fields, who are going to have to pay for it."
"He said he had not been in touch with the woman and that he was concerned about her safety."
"\"I don't think I've ever seen a man in my life that didn't want to be part of something,\" he said."
"\"I've got to go out there and play the best I can and I'm going to do that,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state and first lady has said that she will not support a Trump- Clinton ticket."
"It's not a big deal, but I think we're going to have a very, very difficult election."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who's going to be able to do a lot of things,\" he said."
"It's a bit like the way I've always been, and I think it's a good thing to have."
"The company said it was working to address the issue, but added that it was not yet ready to share the results."
"\"I think that's the best way to go about it,\" he said, \"because I'm not going to sit here and say that's not what I want to do."
"\"I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not going to lie to you,\" Trump said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 7 percent to $ 1. 25, their biggest one- day gain in nearly a year."
"The next day, he told his wife he was going to go to the police station and he was going to be arrested."
"The company's shares rose about 1. 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but they have since fallen."
"The U. S. government has said it will not seek to block the deal, but the Obama administration has said it will not block it."
"The new rules, announced by the Treasury on Wednesday, will apply to all companies that have been in business for at least five years."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for us, but I'm sure we'll be able to do something,\" he said."
"The United Nations has warned of a \"significant risk \"of a humanitarian crisis in Aleppo, Syria's largest city."
"I think it's a very important thing to be able to do that and to be able to do that in a way that's not just about the game."
"\"I think it's important for us to have that conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"But the fact is that the US has been able to get its hands on a lot of these weapons, and they are being used by the US to help the terrorists."
"The group has been in the news recently after it was accused of being involved in a string of child sex abuse allegations."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to do it,\" he said."
"The two men, who were arrested in the early hours of Thursday, are said to have been planning a robbery."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work, and the quality of the people who are involved in the work,\" he said."
"It's not like we're going to be able to go out and play like we did last year."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a leader who is going to do a good job of helping us."
"It is a very good team and we are very confident in our ability to play against the best teams in the world."
"The first time I saw him was at the Super Bowl, and I had to go to the Super Bowl to see him."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government is going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. is the only major country to have a trade deficit with China, and the country's trade deficit with China is the highest in the world."
"The researchers found that people who were more likely to have a heart attack were more likely to have a stroke than those who had a heart attack."
"\"I think the best thing we can do is to make sure that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"He added: \"I think it's a good thing for the game, for the fans, for the players, for the fans to know that we're here."
"\"I don't know what the problem is with the way the world is going,\" he said."
"\"It's a very important day for the club and I'm sure it will be a very good day for the players,\" he said."
"The US and its allies have been accused of carrying out a \"war on terror \"in the wake of the Paris attacks."
"The group is now working to build its own office, and is working to expand its network of offices in the United States."
"But it's not a matter of whether we're going to be a great country or not, it's just about how we're going to be able to do that."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the incident and that it had been in touch with law enforcement."
"He's a good guy, he's a good person, he's a good person, he's a good person, and I think he's going to be a good guy."
"The U. S. is the world's largest oil producer, and it has been the world's largest producer of natural gas for more than a century."
"The company has also said it is working with the FBI on a new policy to help it protect its customers."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"high- quality \"package of products, including a mobile app, in the coming weeks."
"The company's stock price has risen more than 20 percent in the past year, according to Thomson Reuters data."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent."
"\"I've been in the business for over 20 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State since 2014 and has been responsible for more than half of the group's global operations."
"\"I think it's important that we are all aware of the risks and the benefits of using technology,\" he said."
"\"I've been doing this for a long time, and I'm going to do it again,\" he said."
"The government is expected to announce a new law on Tuesday, which will make it easier for businesses to hire and fire people."
"The UK government has said it is \"deeply concerned \"at the \"unprecedented \"number of migrants arriving in the country this year."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was a little nervous, but I was in a good mood,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticized for its poor customer service, which has led to complaints from customers who have complained of being denied service."
"\"I don't think I've been in the position where I've been able to say, \"I'm not going to do it,\" \"he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players, and I think we've got a good squad,\" he said."
"The British government has said it is \"not at all surprised \"that a number of EU countries are considering the possibility of a second referendum on the UK's membership."
"\"We're going to have to take care of the business, but we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third since the election, and it has lost about half of its value in the past year."
"The president- elect has said he will build a wall on the U. S.- Mexico border, but he has also said Mexico will pay for it."
"I've been in this business for a long time and I've seen it grow and it's very hard to get a job."
"The number of people who are homeless in England and Wales is at its lowest level in more than a decade."
"\"I don't think I've ever had a better time of it,\" he said, adding that he had been in a relationship for 10 years."
"I think it's a good thing that he's not on the list, because he's a good player."
"The next day, the police arrived and took the man to the hospital, where he was told he would be taken to the Royal Hospital for Children."
"The Scottish government said it was \"committed \"to ensuring that the UK remains a \"safe place \"for people to live, work and play."
"It's a great opportunity to be part of a team that has a great history and a great future."
"The US- led coalition has been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for more than a year."
"The US has been accused of using torture and other ill- advised tactics against the Kurdish fighters, who have been fighting alongside the US- led coalition."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that he's been in the league a long time and he's played a lot of games."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem, but I'm not sure it's going to be a problem for me,\" she said."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it's going to be a great one."
"He said: \"We are still in the process of getting the full support of the Scottish Government and the Scottish Government is working closely with the Scottish Government to ensure that the UK remains in the EU."
"\"I think it's important that we all have a voice in the decision- making process,\" she said."
"But the fact that we are now in a situation where we can be involved in the debate, it's not a bad thing."
"\"We have a lot of people in the military who are going to be fighting in the future,\" he said."
"The two men, who have not been named, were arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently being questioned by police."
"The next day, the woman's husband was seen walking away from the scene, and police were called, according to the police report."
"\"I don't know if I'll ever get over it, but I will never let anyone tell me I'm not good enough,\" he said."
"The company has also said it plans to invest $ 1 billion in the U. S. and $ 500 million in Canada."
"But the government has been criticised for failing to address the problem, and the BBC has been forced to cut a programme on the issue."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 2. 18 on Monday, the lowest since the company's earnings report in September."
"The government's new plan to tackle the problem is the latest in a series of steps to tackle the problem, including a new policy on the use of drones."
"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about what's happening in the world and what's happening in the world of the players."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about what's going on with the economy is the fact that the economy is in a bad place."
"It is a very important time for the country, and we are very proud to stand with the people of the United States."
"\"I think that's the best thing that can happen for the country,\" he said, adding that the U. S. has \"a lot of work to do \"to improve relations with China."
"\"It's a very different way of doing things,\" he said, \"but we've got to do it."
"The first of the two will be held at the same venue, and the third will be held in the same venue, but the tickets will be sold out at the first show."
"The U. S. government has said it is prepared to provide $ 1 billion to help the Syrian government fight the Islamic State group."
"I think it's important that we understand the impact of the Zika virus, and how it can affect people's lives."
"The group said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal."
"\"I don't want to be the one to say, \"I'm not going to be the one to say, \"I'm not going to be the one to say, \"I'm not going to be the one to say,"
"I have been working hard on the pitch and I am looking forward to getting to work with the players and getting to know them better."
"I'm not going to lie, I was really nervous because I didn't know what I was going to do."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 35. 34 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really disappointed with the way the first half went,\" he said."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a bit of a look at what's going on."
"The government is also looking at a \"hard \"approach to the issue, with the issue of child benefit being a key issue."
"The government is trying to make sure that the money is spent on infrastructure, but it's not going to be spent on the infrastructure itself."
"But if you're going to be a part of the next generation, you have to be prepared to take on the challenges that come with that."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next couple of months,\" he said."
"The United States has been trying to get a deal on the issue since the Obama administration announced it was pulling out of the Paris agreement."
"\"I think we need to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"I don't want to give away too much, but I think it's important to get the best out of the players."
"\"I don't think I've ever been in a situation where I've been in a position where I was in a position where I was in a position where I could have been in a position where I could have been in a position where"
"The report said the average number of days a woman has had to leave work for a new baby was 4. 5 days."
"The US has a long history of using drones to target terrorists, but the US has also been accused of using them to target civilians."
"\"I'm not sure that I'll be able to do that in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The first thing we have to do is to get our message out there and get people to vote."
"The couple had been together for more than 20 years, and were married in the early 1990s."
"The government is expected to announce a new law on Monday that will give the state the power to ban all sex work in the state."
"\"I've got to be honest, I'm not sure I want to be in the position where I'm not in,\" he said."
"The company said the new technology would be available to customers within a year, and would cost $ 10 per month."
"The U. S. military has been working to restore the ceasefire in Syria since the start of the civil war in 2011."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm not going to stop playing until I'm 100 percent and I'm 100 percent."
"I think it's important to remember that we are still a very, very small country, and we're still a very, very small country."
"The first is that the United States has a long history of using drones to target terrorist targets, and that it has a long history of using them to target non- terrorist targets."
"The government's new plan is to create a new fund to help the families of those who die in the conflict."
"The US military has been carrying out airstrikes in Iraq since September 2014, and has been supporting the Iraqi government in the fight against IS."
"\"I'm not sure I can do it, but I'm going to try,\" he said."
"The second- place finish is a big boost for the team, which has won its first four events in the last three years."
"It's a bit like saying that you're going to be a good father to your child if you give them a chance."
"The company's shares fell more than 8 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday after the announcement."
"He said: \"I'm not going to go into details about what we're doing, but I'm going to say that we're doing a lot of things that we're proud of."
"The former secretary of state's campaign has also been criticized for not releasing more of her emails to the public, which it has done."
"\"I'm not going to say what I did, but I was very careful about what I said,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 3. 8 percent on Wednesday, but they have fallen as much as 6. 8 percent in the past 12 months."
"\"We're going to have to do a lot more than just make sure that we get the best possible deal for the American people,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died in the last year is more than twice the number of people who have died in the last decade."
"The company's stock price has risen more than 50 percent since the company's first public offering in 2013."
"\"It's a good thing that we can do it in a way that's not so much a problem as a good thing,\" he said."
"He added: \"I have been told that the only way to get a good result is to work hard and do well."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to put a lot of pressure on them and make sure they don't get any points."
"\"I think it's a great way to start the year and give us some momentum,\" he said."
"The company said it would cut the number of days it worked on a project from one week to two weeks."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and to be able to talk about what's going on in our lives."
"I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that we get this right, and that we get this right for Hillary Clinton."
"The new report, which was released on Thursday, found that the number of people with mental health problems in the UK has increased by nearly one million in the past decade."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter, but it had already lost $ 1. 5 billion in the second quarter."
"\"We're not going to be able to have a conversation about the future of the country,\" he said."
"The couple had planned to have their first child in June but decided to wait until the baby was born before deciding to have the procedure."
"The first thing I did was to get a job, and I was a part of a team that was going to be there for a long time."
"The next day, the boy was taken to the hospital, where he was told he would have to wait another day for his treatment."
"\"It's a great opportunity to see what's going on in the world and to see what's happening in the world,\" he said."
"I think we have a lot of good players and a lot of good players in the squad, but I don't think we have a lot of good players."
"I don't know what the hell they are thinking, but I'm not going to go out and do it."
"\"I'm not sure I can get the same level of support as I did last year,\" he said."
"The fact that we are still in the EU is a big deal, but it's not the only thing that is important."
"\"I think that's what we're going to have to do,\" he said, adding that the government would have to make sure that the country was safe."
"It's a big club and we have to be prepared for the next game and we'll be ready to play."
"I don't think it's a big deal, it's just that we've got to get a little bit better at the last few games."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to change anything,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been at war with Russia for more than two years, and it has been accused of war crimes by the U. N. Security Council."
"He said the company's stock had fallen by more than 10 per cent since the start of the year."
"The U. S. and its allies have been accused of war crimes in the Syrian civil war, and the United Nations has called for an investigation."
"\"I think it's a shame that we don't have more of them,\" he said, adding that he would be \"happy \"to see more of them."
"I have a lot of respect for the players, and I think that's the biggest thing that can happen to the team."
"The former secretary of state is expected to make her first public remarks on the issue since Trump's surprise victory."
"The former secretary of state's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the new poll."
"\"I think it's important to remember that this is not just a presidential race, this is a national election,\" he said."
"The UK is one of the few countries in the world that does not have a free- trade agreement with the EU."
"The first was the fact that the UK was not a member of the European Union, and the second was that the UK was not a member of the single market."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in December 2015 and charged with three counts of murder."
"The group said it had been in contact with the police, but did not say how many people had been arrested."
"The government has said it will not make any changes to the law to make it easier for people to buy their own home."
"\"I think it's important to understand that it's not just a race issue,\" he said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to be sitting here in the middle of this, and I'm not going to be sitting here in the middle of this."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had sold more than $ 1. 5 billion in assets."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was a little nervous about the first one, but I'm going to be a little nervous about the second one,\" he said."
"The police officer was shot in the back of the head and was taken to a hospital for treatment, the statement said."
"The fact that we have a lot of people coming in, and that's good, because it's a lot of people coming in."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital with injuries that are not life- threatening."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital."
"\"We've got to find a way to get the ball back in the hands of the defense,\" he said."
"I think it's a great thing to be able to say that you've done something that's been done for a long time."
"The government is now working on a plan to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The company said the new model will be available in the US, UK, Australia, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, the Netherlands and Singapore."
"The only thing that's changed is the way that I've been treated, and I've been treated like a criminal."
"I think that the fact that the government is doing that is a good thing, and I think that it's a good thing for the country."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to have a conversation about,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about the problem,\" he said."
"It's a great way to get a feel for the game, and I'm looking forward to it."
"I don't know what the future holds for me and I'm not going to give up on the game."
"It's a big challenge, but we're very happy with the way we've been playing and we're looking forward to the next round."
"The government's announcement comes as the government is facing criticism for failing to provide a public consultation on the new rules."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to win the nomination,\" he said."
"I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a sense of perspective, and that's what I do."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not having to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the country, and I think it's a very important issue for the country to talk about,\" he said."
"I think the best thing for me is to be a leader in my own right and to be able to speak out and say what I think."
"The government has said the new measures will help reduce the number of people who are unable to work due to a lack of employment opportunities."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the people who are going to be affected by it."
"It's a big game, but I think it's important that we get the right players in the right places."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"trade agreement with the EU in the wake of Brexit."
"\"We're going to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that we're doing everything we can to keep the country safe,\" he said."
"But he said he had not yet decided whether to go to the polls for the first time since the election."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about that because I don't want to be a part of that,\" he said."
"The pair have been together for seven years, but the relationship has been split since the couple split in 2014."
"The first time I saw him I thought he was going to die, but I didn't know if he was going to survive."
"The company said it would cut its workforce by 1, 000 jobs in the coming year and cut its workforce by 20, 000 in the next two years."
"The other two were arrested on suspicion of murder and were released on bail until they were charged with attempted murder."
"\"I think the only thing that's going to change is the way we play,\" he said."
"\"I have been told that there is a possibility that they may be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the government decided to introduce a similar law."
"I was in the kitchen and I was talking to the girl and she was saying,' I'm going to take care of you."
"I think we have to be a bit more patient and we have to be a bit more patient in the last couple of games, because we have to be a bit more patient."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, because it's a very important thing to do in a democracy,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that I've been on the road for the last three months."
"The only way to stop this is to make sure that the people who are going to be in charge of the country are the people who are going to be in charge of the people."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that because we have to make sure that we're not going to get caught up in the same thing,\" he said."
"The problem is that the current system is not based on the kind of data that is needed to make a decision."
"\"I'm not going to go into the details of what happened, but I can tell you that we were very concerned,\" he said."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to make sure that the American people have a voice in the selection of our next president,\" he said."
"The company has been criticised for its failure to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on its business."
"The company has been under pressure to improve its performance, which has been driven by a surge in sales and a strong dollar."
"\"I've been on the show for a long time, and I've been able to get to know the cast,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to have to go back to the drawing board and make sure I'm doing the right things,\" he said."
"It was a great experience and I'm really looking forward to coming back and playing in the next couple of years."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the UK remains a global leader in the digital economy \"and that it was committed to its UK operations."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a system that is based on a few people,\" he said."
"The EU is also considering a new law that would require companies to pay the EU tax on profits from their operations."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has risen by more than half since the age of 15."
"The study also found that people who are more likely to be diagnosed with mental health problems are more likely to be diagnosed with depression."
"The next day, I was in the hospital with my brother, and I was told that I had to go to the police station."
"The EU is the only country in the world that does not have a single national health service, but that is changing."
"The first thing I do when I wake up is to get dressed and go to the gym."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law that would allow the government to ban the sale of alcohol in public places."
"It's not a bad way to start, but it's not the way to start for the Dodgers, who are going to be a very good team."
"I've been in the business for 20 years, and I've never seen a company that was so successful."
"The company's shares rose to $ 1. 21, or 1. 8 percent, after the announcement."
"The UK government has pledged to take in 1, 000 Syrian refugees over the next three years, and is also working on a plan to welcome more than 4, 000 Syrian refugees over the next three years."
"The first thing you need to do is to get yourself in the right frame of mind and to get yourself in the right frame of mind with the right team."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad, and we want to keep that,\" he said."
"It's a great way to get to know the people who are in charge of your life and you're going to be able to see how they're doing."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of \"proper \"payments, with the first phase expected to start in 2017."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government on the possibility of moving the plant to Mexico."
"The report said that the government's actions in the last year had resulted in a loss of more than \u00a3 1 billion."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to act on a petition signed by more than 100, 000 people calling for the UK to leave the EU."
"But the government has been criticised for its failure to take action on the issue, which has been a major focus of the campaign."
"But the company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 23. 70 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has been in a position to make a decision on the basis of the evidence that has been presented,\" he said."
"I think it's important to have a strong relationship with the people who are in charge of your life and your career."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but it's a good thing that he's here,\" she said."
"But I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that."
"The team will be looking to improve on the way they played last year and to improve on the way they played last year and to improve on the way they played last year and they have a lot of young players."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work, the quality of the work that we're doing."
"The US has been a key ally of Assad's regime since the start of the war in 2011."
"The incident is the latest in a string of attacks on Kurdish civilians in Turkey that have killed more than 300 people."
"The United States and its allies are bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and the group has claimed responsibility for the attacks."
"The company said it was also working with the police to identify the man's killer and that it had arrested a suspect."
"The other day, I was talking to a friend of mine, and he was talking about how he's been through so much."
"The police have been called to the scene and are now looking for a suspect in connection with the incident."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 2. 5 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter, up from $ 1. 8 billion the year before."
"The company said it was \"well aware of the concerns \"about the situation and would take action if necessary."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go back to the old ways, but I think it's a good idea."
"It was a tough decision, but I'm going to do everything I can to get back to playing football."
"It's not like I'm going to go out there and be a star, I'm just going to go out there and be myself."
"The group's website says it has a \"high- quality \"program, and has \"a strong track record \"of promoting diversity in the workplace."
"I've been in a lot of games where I've been in a good position, and I've won a lot of games in a good position."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the world of innovation, but it has also been a leader in the world of violence."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Friday morning and remain in police custody, according to the police department."
"The two sides are expected to discuss the issue in the coming days, with the latest agreement expected to be made on Monday."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, and I'm not going to be a politician for the rest of my life,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 percent to $ 2. 28, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 21."
"It's a great way to start off the year and to see what's been going on in the team."
"\"I'm not sure that it's the right thing to do,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the outcome."
"The US is the only major country in the world that has not made an agreement with the EU on its membership."
"The company has also announced plans to increase its production of the iPhone 7 by 1, 000 to 2, 000 units."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital with serious injuries and was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital."
"\"I think it's important for the public to know that the government has been clear that they want to see a fair deal,\" he said."
"The government has said that the new law will help combat the problem, but critics say it is too broad and will not be applied to all."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything, I'm not going to be able to do anything,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was arrested in the early hours of Saturday morning and is in custody, police said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the November attacks in Paris that killed 130 people, including 130 children."
"The fact that the UK has been able to get a deal with the EU that is better than what we've got now is good news."
"\"I think it's a good idea to go to a city that has a lot of high- income people and a lot of low- income people,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion from investors in the first quarter, but the company's net income fell to $ 1. 1 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The most important thing is to get the ball in the box and get the right balance of the team."
"The company has been in talks with Apple, which is also seeking to build a rival phone that would be able to compete with the iPhone."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"But I think we have to do a better job of making sure that we're not just talking about the people who are going to be in the White House."
"It's not like I'm going to be able to do it all over again, but I'm going to be able to do it."
"The new study, published in the journal Science, suggests that the technology could be used to help people with Alzheimer's."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to do it,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a new president."
"The company said it had sold more than 1, 000 of the vehicles in the first quarter, up from 1, 500 the previous year."
"I think it's important that we get to know each other and know what we can do to help each other."
"\"I think that's the most important thing, that we have to make sure that we're doing our job,\" he said."
"The government has said it wants to cut the number of people who are not in work by 20, 000 a year."
"\"I've been in this position before, and I've been in this position before, and I'm going to do it again,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with dementia has increased from 11. 5 million in 2000 to 14. 5 million in 2015."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I was very happy with the results,\" he said."
"\"I don't think we have a good idea of what the future holds,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to report a loss of $ 1. 5 million for the year, compared with a loss of $ 1. 3 million a year ago."
"The pair have been spotted together in the UK, and have been spotted together in France, but it is not known if they have been in contact."
"It is a great opportunity for us to have a conversation about the future of the club and how we can create a better future for the players."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the technology and services we provide to our customers are as reliable as possible \"and that the security of our products and services was of the highest priority."
"The other side of the story is that the company has to pay a lot of money to the people who run it."
"\"We have to make sure we are doing everything we can to make sure that the people who are suffering are not suffering,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good team, and I think we're going to have a very good team,\" he said."
"\"I don't think I've ever had a better time of it,\" he said, adding that he was \"happy \"to be back in the game."
"The company's shares rose 1. 7 percent to $ 28. 60 on Thursday, their biggest gain in almost a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not talking about the same things,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has said he will not be drawn into a row over the UK's future relationship with the EU."
"The US and its allies have been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since September 2015, and have been conducting air strikes against the group since late September."
"It is a great honor to have the opportunity to work with the president of the United States and the president of the United States Congress, and I look forward to working with them on this important issue."
"\"I think it's a shame that it's been taken away from us,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is going to be able to provide the same level of protection for the people who are affected,\" he said."
"The government has said it wants to increase the number of police officers on the streets to cope with the increase in the number of people who are suspected of being violent."
"The first is that the UK is not a member of the European Union, and the second is that it is not a member of the single market."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in early December."
"The government has also said it will not be able to guarantee that the UK will remain in the EU if it leaves."
"The first thing I would say to anybody who has ever been in the military is that you have to get out."
"He said the government had already taken steps to ensure the safety of its citizens, but that it had not done enough to ensure the safety of the rest of the world."
"The first thing I did was I took a picture of my daughter, and I took a picture of my daughter's face, and I took a picture of her face, and I took a picture of my daughter's face, and I took"
"\"We are not going to be able to have a conversation about the future of our country,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 26. 60 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index closed at $ 30. 20."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors including the New York- based investment firm."
"The government is also working with the private sector to help it achieve its ambitious target of reducing emissions from the coal- fired electricity sector by 2020."
"The report said that in the past year, the number of people who have been diagnosed with a mental health problem has risen by more than a third."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next couple of weeks,\" he said."
"It's not a new idea, it's been around for a while and it's something that we've been working on."
"The report said that the number of people who had been diagnosed with a mental health condition had fallen by almost 30 per cent."
"\"I don't think it's going to change much, but I think it's going to be very interesting for the next couple of years,\" he said."
"He said:'I've been in a relationship for a year and a half and I've been in a relationship for two years."
"The man, who has not been named, said:'I've been told that he is a member of the Islamic State."
"It is a very important part of the game, and it is something we have to be aware of."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the attacks has risen to more than 50, 000, according to the UN."
"I've been in the business for 15 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I'm just trying to get the ball in the net and make the most of my opportunity,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen to us is that we start to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how many people are going to come out of the state,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who's going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"I'm going to be a good leader, and I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that we get the job done."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in their lifetime has increased by more than 50 per cent."
"The pair were found guilty of rape and sexual assault in a trial that was heard in a high- security prison in the southern city of Munich."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to close the deal, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017."
"It's a good thing that we've got a lot of young players in the squad and we've got to get them right."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a lot of people who are not in the business of politics,\" he said."
"It's not like we're going to get a lot of money from the government, it's just a matter of how much we get."
"It's a tough place to be, but I've been here for a long time and I've got a lot of friends here."
"The first thing I did was to go out and buy a new pair of shoes, which I did a few weeks ago."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group for more than a year and has been accused of war crimes by the United Nations."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing for the country,\" he said."
"The first thing we need to do is to get the right people in the right places, and that is what we are doing."
"But, he said, it is not clear how much of the $ 1. 7 billion in tax revenue will be used for the next fiscal year."
"The first of the two is a $ 1. 2 billion bond issue that was approved by the U. S. Congress in September."
"The next day, I went to the hospital and they told me that I would have a heart attack and die."
"He's a very good player, he's a very good player, he's a very good player, he's a very good player and he's a very good player and he's a very good player, and he's a very good"
"The government has said it will not raise rates until the end of the year and that it is willing to negotiate a deal with the Bank of England."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Wednesday, and they are down nearly 3 percent since the company's first quarter earnings report."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has been investigating the company for more than a year and is expected to announce a settlement in the case."
"He said:'I was very surprised to see that the amount of money that I was receiving was not enough to pay for my medical expenses."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday after the company said it would close a $ 3 billion, $ 2. 5 billion and $ 1. 5 billion cash deal."
"The company said it would be able to offer a service to customers in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand."
"\"I've got to be honest with you, I don't think it's a bad thing to have a female president,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the president has the authority to make that decision,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state has been in the race for months and has been a key supporter of Sanders, who has said he is not interested in the race."
"But the most important thing is that we have a chance to win the game and we have to do it in the right way."
"The report also found that more than half of those who had been in contact with the victim's family had not spoken to them since the attack."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide enough support for the homeless and vulnerable, while the charity says it is doing more than it needs to improve the situation."
"\"It's been a long time coming, but I'm just happy I'm here,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, but I'm not going to lie to you about the fact that I'm not going to be president,\" he said."
"It is a very good feeling, it is a very good feeling to be able to be in the team and be able to be involved in the team."
"\"It's been a long time coming and I'm really excited to be back,\" he said."
"The team has been in the process of preparing for the event and the players are in the process of preparing for the next one, so it is a very exciting time for the club."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say I'm not excited about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm looking forward to it,\" he said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I have no idea what is going on with the family."
"The company said it had been working on a solution for the last two years and that it was working on a solution for a year."
"The fact that we've been able to get a lot of people to come to the convention and vote for us, that's really exciting."
"\"I'm not going to say what the outcome will be, but I'm going to say that we're going to have a good relationship with Russia,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important part of the game, and I think that's what we need to do,\" he said."
"The UK's biggest banks, which have been under pressure to take action against the government, have said they will not take part in the talks."
"The report said that in the first three months of the year, the number of people who were homeless increased by more than half."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players and the fans to have the opportunity to see the game and see what's going on,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and its stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a very important part of our national identity, that we are part of the European Union,\" he said."
"I think it's a good idea to have a strong team that can play in the Premier League and win titles."
"The most important thing is that we're all working together to get the job done and get the team moving forward."
"The government has said it will not make any changes to the law, which has been in place since 2005."
"\"We are a country that has a very strong tradition of democracy, and that's what we have to be proud of,\" he said."
"\"It's a very good thing that we have a good team and we are all working hard to get better,\" he said."
"The company's shares have risen by more than 20 per cent in the past year, and have fallen by more than 30 per cent in the past 12 months."
"The first thing you need to do is make sure that you're getting the right amount of sleep and that you're not getting tired."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 3. 3 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 2. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"I don't know if that's the case, but I think it's a good idea."
"The government has also said it is working with the U. N. to get the cease- fire implemented."
"The FBI is investigating the shooting of a black man by a white police officer, the Washington Post reported Thursday."
"The city's mayor, Antonio C. E. \"Boris \"Carr, said he was \"disappointed \"by the results of the investigation."
"\"I'm not sure I want to be the one to say I'm not going to be the one to say I'm not going to be the one,\" he said."
"It is not clear whether the attack was carried out by the same group of people, or whether the attacks were carried out by the same person."
"The U. S. has said it will take in up to 1, 000 Syrian refugees from camps in Turkey and Greece."
"The two- year- old boy's death has sparked a national debate about the use of force by police in the wake of the Paris attacks."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 percent to $ 11. 33 on Wednesday, their worst performance in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for us to have a president who is a natural politician,\" he said."
"The UK government has warned that the UK could face a \"hard landing \"in the European Union if it leaves the single market."
"\"I think that's what's really important, that people have a sense of who they are,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to have a really good team, and I'm confident we'll be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The two- day meeting, which was held in the White House, was the first time that the U. S. and Russia have discussed cyber- attacks."
"It's a great opportunity to be part of the conversation and I think it's a good opportunity for the fans to see what we're doing."
"The company said the new technology would be available to all its customers by the end of the year."
"\"We are working with the police and the council to make sure that they are aware of this issue,\" he said."
"But the fact that he has been able to get the nomination and he has been able to win, that's what we're going to focus on."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 10 per cent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 20 per cent since the election."
"\"I think the only thing that is going to change is the way we play,\" he said, \"and that's the way I want to play."
"The U. S. has been on a high- profile road trip in the Middle East, and the U. S. is also taking part in the Asia- Pacific region."
"But if you look at the data, it's clear that the more people who are in the workforce, the more they are likely to have a job."
"I have a lot of respect for the fact that they have a lot of experience in the game, but they are still young and they have to learn."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow women to vote in the next general election."
"The couple's first child, a son, was born in December 2015 and their second child, a daughter, was born in September 2016."
"The number of people who have died or been injured in the past 24 hours is a shocking figure and it is not just the victims that are at risk."
"I think it's important to say that we're not going to be able to do that in the future."
"The new law will take effect on 1 January, and the first cases will be heard in the autumn."
"The court heard that the woman had been living in the house for a year and a half and had been in and out of hospital."
"\"I think we have to be able to do it in a way that is more effective for our customers and for our shareholders,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get back to a level of competition that we've never had before,\" he told BBC Wales Sport."
"\"I've never seen anything like it, and I've never seen anything like this in my life,\" she said."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 25. 46 on Wednesday, after a day of trading that was dominated by the news."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The only way to get the best deal is to do it in a way that makes sense to the American people."
"The company said it expects to add more than 20, 000 jobs over the next three years, and that it expects to generate $ 1. 5 billion in revenue for the year."
"The UK is one of the few countries in Europe to have a higher rate of suicide than the rest of the EU."
"The president- elect's transition team has said he will not be attending the event, which is expected to draw thousands of people."
"\"I don't think I've ever seen a woman in my life who wasn't a woman in the first place,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a woman president,\" she said."
"It's not a great feeling to be in the middle of a game and not be able to do anything about it."
"But the new study suggests that the same could be said for the current generation of cars, which are expected to hit the road in the next few years."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you're not going to get a ticket for the next game."
"\"It's not a question of whether or not we'll be able to do it in the next few years,\" he said."
"He said: \"The fact that the government is saying that we need to leave the EU is a sign of the government's commitment to the EU."
"It's a lot of work and a lot of effort and a lot of effort is going to be needed to get the team going."
"The company said it would be able to get a hold of a majority stake in the company, and that it would be able to sell a portion of the stake."
"The company said it was \"extremely pleased \"with the decision and is looking to expand its business in the UK."
"The Government has been criticised for failing to tell the truth about the extent of the cuts to public services."
"The United States has been on high alert since the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed 32 people."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of that, but I'm going to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively considering \"the possibility of a new deal with the government, but it was not yet clear what it would do."
"The UK is the only major country in Europe that does not allow women to be in the military."
"I think that's what he's doing, and I don't think he's going to change the way we play."
"The police said the man had been in contact with the woman for about a week and had not been seen by police since the incident."
"The last time the U. S. was in the top 10 in the world was in 2004, when it was ranked No."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI has been working on a new set of rules for handling information on terrorism cases."
"It's not a bad idea to have a bit of fun, especially if you're not sure what you're doing."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 1 billion from investors in 2015, with a goal of raising $ 3. 6 billion in the first quarter."
"I have been in the business for a long time, and I have seen the benefits of it, and I am proud of it."
"\"I don't want to be in that position, but I think it's a good thing for the team,\" he said."
"\"I think that's what's really important, to make sure that people know what's going on,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a good relationship with a partner,\" she said."
"He was a very good player, and he was a very good player in the first half, and he was a very good player in the second half."
"It's not a big deal if they're not in the top 10, but if they are, then they're not going to be in the top 10."
"The company's shares rose to $ 30. 71 in after- hours trading on Wednesday after the announcement."
"I think it's a good thing for the team, it's a good thing for the fans, it's a good thing for the club and I hope it's a good thing for the fans."
"It's a very exciting time for us, and we're very excited to be part of this new era of the club."
"The first was the man who had been shot dead by police, and the second was a man who had been shot dead by a police officer."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, but they have fallen as much as 6 percent in the past year."
"The government is also expected to announce a new scheme to help small businesses and small businesses with a credit card, which will be rolled out across the country."
"\"It's a really good feeling to be back in the game and I'm looking forward to the challenge,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand that the police are not the only ones who are responsible for the deaths of people,\" she said."
"He said: \"I'm delighted to have won the title and I'm looking forward to the next challenge."
"The United Nations said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the situation of children in the camp and that it was \"deeply concerned \"about the safety of the children."
"The state's unemployment rate is 5. 8 percent, and the unemployment rate for the full- time workforce is 4. 8 percent."
"The president- elect has been a frequent target of the group, which has been accused of targeting American journalists and other Americans."
"\"I think we're all going to have to do a better job of it than we're doing,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I'm not sure that we will be able to do that in the future,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get a bit more experience in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The first thing I do when I'm out there is just try to get my body right and get myself in the right position."
"\"I don't know if I would have been able to get the job if I hadn't been in the running,\" he said."
"I think the best way to deal with it is to make sure that we have a plan for how we're going to deal with it."
"The US and Russia are also working together to fight the Islamic State group in Syria, the Pentagon said."
"The first of two games against the New York Giants on Sunday will be a chance for the Giants to get a win in a game that is still tied at one point."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible customer experience \"and that it was working to improve its customer experience."
"It's a very different thing to say that you're going to have a better life for the rest of your life."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and the country's to have a president who's not afraid to speak his mind,\" she said."
"It's a shame that the government has not been able to do more to help people who are in need."
"The couple's relationship has been a source of controversy for some time, and the couple has been accused of sexual assault."
"The number of people who have been killed in Syria has risen to more than a million, according to the UN."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"We are still working on the details of the agreement, but it's a very good deal,\" he said."
"But the government is not going to give us the money we need to do it, because we don't have the money."
"It's the first time in my career that I've been able to do that and I'm really happy."
"\"I'm not sure if I can say I'm 100 per cent,\" he said, adding that he was also \"not sure \"if he will be able to play again."
"The first thing I do when I'm in the office is to tell my boss that I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong relationship with the people of the United States of America,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that, but we will be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that the UK should be part of the EU,\" he said in an interview with The Telegraph."
"I've always been a big fan of the old school, and I think the new school is going to be a really good school."
"I think it is a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the NHS and the NHS is a very important part of that."
"The company has also announced plans to build a new headquarters in the United States, and to expand its presence in Asia."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not a country that's going to be able to do everything,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that I'll ever be able to do it again,\" he said."
"The next day, the team returned to the hotel, where they met with the president of the National Football League."
"But the way the game is played, it's not about the money, it's about the quality of the players and the quality of the players."
"The government has been criticised for failing to tackle the problem, with some critics arguing that the government is failing to tackle the problem itself."
"He said: \"We are working with the police to make sure that we have all the information we need to make sure that we get the right person to take the case."
"The first thing I did was go to the office and ask if he was OK, and he said he was."
"He said: \"I think the people of Wales are going to have to be very careful about what they say."
"I think it's going to be a tough game, but I think we're going to win it."
"The government has said that it will not be able to pay for the new funding unless it is able to secure a deal with the EU."
"The FBI has not yet released any of the emails, but it is believed to be the first time the agency has released such a large amount of material."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he says."
"\"I think that's the most important thing to do in the world,\" he said, \"to get the best out of the players."
"The company said it would also work with the US government and other governments to develop new technologies to help combat climate change."
"The idea that there's something wrong with the way I dress is a huge part of why I'm here."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, because it's a very personal thing,\" he said."
"The United States has been on high alert since the November attacks in Paris that killed 130 people and injured hundreds more, according to the U. N. Security Council."
"\"I think we've got to make sure that we're not just going to have to give up some of that,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been in prison for a crime they did not commit has increased by over a third since the 1990s."
"It's a bit of a shock to me because I've been playing really well in the past couple of weeks."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the results of the study and that it expects to continue to improve its processes."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the business of making a difference in the world,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"\"We have to take care of the people, and we have to take care of the people, and we have to take care of the people, and we have to take care of the people, and we have to take care of the"
"\"I've been a fan of the show for a long time, but it's been a tough time,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand that the fact that we are in this situation is not an accident,\" he said."
"\"I don't think I've ever seen a man as strong as him,\" Trump said in an interview with ABC's \"This Week \"in February."
"The new president, who is expected to be elected by a popular vote, has said he will not seek re- election."
"I'm not sure how long he'll be out, but I think he'll be back in a couple of weeks."
"The new law, which will be introduced in the coming weeks, was passed in the wake of a series of terrorist attacks in France and Belgium."
"The company said it was \"pleased \"at the results of the last three months, and said it had been \"very pleased \"with its performance."
"\"We've got to be able to get the ball in the box and make the most of it,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 6 percent in the past year, and have fallen nearly 10 percent in the past year."
"The group is also planning to take a bus to the airport, which is expected to be closed for the day."
"The company said it had been in touch with the authorities in China and had been in contact with the authorities in the UK, Ireland, France, Germany and Sweden."
"I think that's the most important thing to do, to get the right balance between the two."
"\"I'm not going to give up on my career, I'm going to do what I have to do,\" he said."
"The company has said it will continue to work with the government to ensure that the rules are followed."
"\"I'm not sure that I want to go back to the way I was, but I'm not going to go back to what I used to be,\" he said."
"The court heard that the woman was in a relationship with the man, who was a member of the same family."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, but it's a pretty good deal."
"\"It's a very difficult situation to be in,\" he said, \"but I think it's a good situation."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he had been told by the company that the technology was ready to be deployed."
"I think it's important to keep in mind that the amount of time that you have to prepare for a game is very important."
"It's a very big deal, but it's also a big deal for the United States and for the world, because it's the first time we've seen a president of the United States who has not been in the White House."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and the country is good,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be very careful with what we say, because we're going to be in the White House for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what it is about the job that makes him want to do it,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticised for its failure to take into account the potential impact on the health of its customers."
"The group's first major attack in Syria came in March 2015, when it launched a rocket into the city of Aleppo."
"I think it's a very good thing, but it's not the only thing that's going to make it better."
"The government has said it will not take action until it has been proved that the money is not used for illegal activities."
"\"I think it's a very important moment for the United States to be able to say, \"We're going to do this."
"The first thing you have to do is to get a good job, and that's what I've done."
"The most important thing is to keep the ball in the air and not get caught up in the rush."
"The government has said it will not be taking any action until the matter is properly investigated and the matter is put to a full public inquiry."
"It's not a bad thing, because it's a good thing that he's a good guy, and he's a good guy."
"The first is that we have to make sure that we are able to get people to vote in the way that they want."
"The man, who has not been named, said:'I was in the car and the driver was very aggressive and he started hitting me."
"The most important thing is to get the ball in the box and get a good result, and we have to be ready for that."
"The fact that we're the only major party in the US that has a majority of black voters is a sign that we're not going to be able to do it."
"\"We are going to have to do everything we can to make sure that we are not going to have to deal with this,\" she said."
"The company said it would be offering a \"limited \"over- the- counter benefit to consumers, but it would not be available to the public."
"But the fact that they have a new president is a big deal, because he's the first to come out and say that he's going to do something."
"The United States has been a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State group, but the United Kingdom has also been hit by a series of attacks in Europe."
"But the fact that we're talking about a couple of games, we're not going to get too far ahead of ourselves."
"\"We are not going to be able to get the money back until we get the money back,\" he said."
"The next day, I got a call from my dad, who said he had been told by the police that I was going to be arrested."
"The last time I was there was when I was in the squad and I was in the squad for a couple of weeks before the game."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 8 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016 and $ 2. 1 billion in the third quarter."
"The first thing I did was ask my parents to come and see me and they said they would be there for me."
"He said he had been in touch with the victim's family and that he was \"very sorry \"for the pain they had caused."
"\"I'm not sure how much longer they'll be able to do that,\" he said."
"I'm sure that if he was to go to the United States, he would be a very good player."
"The government has also said it will not be able to get the money for the next five years unless it gets the approval of the parliament."
"The police chief said he had been told by the police that there was a \"significant \"number of people who had been arrested."
"He was a big part of the team, he was a big part of our identity, he was a big part of the team, but I think he's just a really good player."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products for the first time in the UK."
"I think we're going to be able to get the best out of the players we've got and we'll be able to get the best out of the players we've got."
"It's a very important game for us and we need to be able to play it as well as we can."
"The United States has been under pressure from the international community to do more to prevent the spread of the virus, which has killed more than 1, 000 people."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 50 per cent since the 1980s, the charity says."
"I've been in the business for 25 years and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"I think it's a very important thing to do because we've got to be able to do that."
"The group said it had received more than \u00a3 1 million in donations from overseas donors in the past year, with the majority of those donations coming from the UK."
"It's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal if you're not doing something that you love."
"But the reality is that the UK is a great place to be a part of, and a great place to be part of the EU."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 17. 30 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year, but had not yet received approval from the state."
"The two men, who were not identified, were arrested at their home on Tuesday and charged with first- degree murder."
"I think the fact that he is still in the game, that he is still in the game, I think it's a big factor."
"It's a good thing that we're not going to be able to do that, but we're going to have to do it."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has been under pressure since the election of Donald Trump."
"\"I don't think there's a better person to lead the country than Hillary Clinton,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and the safety of all employees."
"He said: \"I think the Scottish government has to make the case that the Scottish Parliament has a responsibility to act in the interests of the people of Scotland."
"The report said that the number of people who had been injured or died in the conflict has increased from 8. 5 million in 2014 to 10. 5 million in 2015."
"The new study, which was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, is the first to examine the effects of weight loss on brain function."
"\"I'm just trying to get the ball back and try to get the ball back in my hands and try to get the ball back in my hands, so that's all I'm trying to do,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of a break, and I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of a break, and I think it's a good thing to have some time to think about"
"The company has said it will be selling its services to a handful of smaller operators in the coming months."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a discussion about the idea of a new system,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new plan for the country's future, which will see it increase spending on defence."
"\"It is a very important game for us and we will be looking to continue to build on that,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 1. 8 billion in the current quarter, up from $ 1. 8 billion a year ago."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for the team to have a good season,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in November 2015 and has been in custody since then."
"The company's shares rose about 7 percent to $ 11. 60 after the announcement, and were down about 3 percent to $ 1. 58."
"\"I think the people who are going to be in the White House, they're going to have to do a better job of handling that,\" he said."
"\"It's a really good feeling to be able to go out and play and be able to be out there and be able to be involved in the game,\" he said."
"The police have been called in to investigate the incident, but have yet to find any evidence of criminal activity."
"I'm sure they will be looking at that and they'll be looking at the other options that we have and we're going to make sure that we have the best possible deal."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on New York and New Jersey."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about the fact that we have to have a conversation about the fact that we have to have a conversation about the fact that we have to have a conversation about the fact that we have"
"I don't want to be the guy that gets the ball and plays the game, but I want to be the guy that gets the ball and plays the game."
"\"I don't think there's a single person who doesn't have a sense of what's going on,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, as investors looked for a way to keep the stock on track."
"The company's shares rose as much as 5 percent to $ 17. 60 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's stock rose more than 1 percent to $ 25. 20 on Wednesday, its biggest weekly gain in a year."
"The company said the number of people using the service had risen by 1. 5 million in the past year."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other cases \"of this type being reported to police."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing to have a good relationship,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying that we have to be perfect, but we have to be better than what we were,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to get the right people in there,\" he said, \"and that's what we're going to do."
"I think that's what the fans want to see, and I think that's what the players want to see, too."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, are expected to be rolled out in the coming weeks."
"\"I'm going to be the best person in the world, and I'm going to be the best person that I can be,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue, and I think it's important to understand that,\" she said."
"I think the way we're playing right now is we're not going to be able to play the way we want to play."
"The US and its allies have been bombing ISIS in Syria since 2014, and have been responsible for more than 100, 000 deaths in the country."
"\"I'm not sure I can really say what the impact of the decision will be, but I can say that it will be a positive thing,\" he said."
"It is a bit like a book, but it is not the same thing as a movie or a TV show."
"He said:'I don't know how many people are going to be able to see it, but I'm sure it will be there."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a public health policy that's not based on science,\" he said."
"He said he had been in touch with the woman's mother and told her she was \"not welcome \"at the house."
"The new figures show that the number of people living in poverty has risen by more than a third since the end of 2014."
"It's not a new idea, but the idea is that it's a good idea to have a safe environment for your children."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'll say this, I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares have lost more than a third of their value in the past year, and are down more than a third in the past year."
"\"I don't know if I've ever seen a better version of that,\" he said."
"I don't know if it is a good idea to say that you have a problem, but I do know that it is a good idea to say that you have a problem."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that we're all in this together,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of his wife."
"\"I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that we're going to have the best possible team,\" he said."
"But he's not the only one who has been affected by the news, and the rest of us have to deal with it."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised to see the results,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with a number of international companies and is looking for a new home for its fleet."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody, according to the police."
"\"It's a big challenge, but I think it's a good thing for the sport,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we have to keep the focus on the players and the team,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that we are all very proud of the work that we are doing and we are all very proud of the people that we have worked with."
"It's a great opportunity to be part of a team that's been on a roll for a while."
"The state's Republican governor, Rick Scott, said he would not seek re- election in 2018 and that his office would consider a second run."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the president- elect is going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"It's a good thing that we've got a good squad, but we're not going to be able to keep everyone."
"\"I think that's the best thing that could happen to me,\" he said in a phone interview."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 16. 80 in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"\"I don't think we have a lot of options,\" he said, adding that he has not had a chance to speak with the players."
"The company said it was \"working with the Australian government \"to ensure the safety of its customers and staff."
"\"I think it is a very good thing for the country to see the progress that has been made,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to be very clear that I'm not going to be taking sides in this election,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to have a good relationship with Russia,\" he said, adding that the two countries had discussed the issue in private."
"The incident, which took place in the early hours of Saturday, was captured on video by a witness."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good team and we're going to have a very good team,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to be able to play a little bit more and give ourselves a little bit more of an opportunity to get better."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was very surprised by the reaction,\" he said."
"The UK government has said that it will not be able to accept the new rules because of the UK's membership of the European Union."
"The incident came just days after a video of a man being sexually assaulted by a woman was posted online."
"The Scottish Government has said it will not be making any further comment on the report until the report is published in full."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the world of the free trade area, and we are a leader in the world of the free trade area."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to do that,\" said the former secretary of state."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get the right balance,\" he said, adding that the government would consider the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The first time I was there I was in the dressing room and I was really impressed with the way he played."
"I think the most important thing is that we get the right people in the right places and that's what we're going to do."
"The couple, who were married for nine years, have been in a relationship for six years and have a son together."
"But the party's national executive has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue of child abuse, which has become a hot- button issue in the campaign for the EU referendum."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal."
"\"I think the main thing for me is to get the best out of myself and to get back into the game,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said on Wednesday that it had filed criminal charges against the two men, who are being held in federal custody."
"\"I'm not going to get too carried away with the fact that I'm going to win the election,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 million in the last three months and was in discussions with investors."
"\"I've been in the business for over 20 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety of our customers \"and was working to improve customer service."
"It's not a bad thing, because I'm going to get a lot of help from the fans and the players."
"The group, which has been pushing for the UK to leave the EU, said it had been given permission to conduct a \"full investigation \"into the matter."
