"\"We are going to make a decision on the basis of what we have seen in the past,\" he said."
"The man was rushed to hospital where he was treated for a minor head injury and is expected to recover."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI has opened an investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state."
"It's not that we're going to win every game, but we're going to win every game and we're going to win every game."
"\"I think it's really important to see what the government is doing,\" he said, adding that he hoped the government would \"get the right answer \"for the Syrian people."
"It's not just the fact that we've had a couple of big games in the last couple of years, but the fact that we're playing against a really good team."
"\"I've been in this business for 15 years and I've never had a problem with it,\" he said."
"The move comes amid a growing number of high- profile cases of domestic abuse and the threat of legal action if the Government does not act."
"I think the best way to talk about it is that it's a very good thing for the club to be involved in this."
"He said: \"I think it's important that we see the full picture of the situation in the country."
"The last time the U. S. was in the top 10 was in 1990, when it was ranked No."
"\"I'm sure that's what we're going to be doing,\" said the president- elect, who is expected to address the convention in Cleveland later this week."
"\"I was just trying to get the ball out of my hands and I was trying to get the ball in my hands and I couldn't,\" he said."
"We have to get the right players in the right positions, but it's not easy, especially when you have to play in the Champions League."
"He has been a great influence on my life, and I'm sure he will continue to be a great influence on my life."
"The announcement came as the government announced that the country will spend $ 1. 3 billion on the project over four years."
"The two sides have been negotiating a deal for almost two months, with the aim of reaching an agreement by the end of next month."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested at the scene and was taken to a police station for questioning."
"The United States and Russia have been working together to defeat the Islamic State in Syria, but the Syrian government has said it is ready to use force to protect civilians."
"The group also said the number of children killed or injured in the attacks was \"well below \"the level seen in previous attacks."
"I think it is important for the players to understand that they are not just a group of people, they are part of a whole."
"The most important thing is to be ready to play and you have to be prepared to play well in every game."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we're going to be able to have a real conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"It's not just a matter of whether it's a good idea, it's a matter of how it's implemented,\" he said."
"The new guidelines, published by the World Health Organization, will be published next month, but it is unclear what will happen to the country's health system."
"We're not going to be able to get a whole lot of money out of it, but it's a good thing."
"The company said the firm was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it was considering the matter with the government."
"The US is the only major country to have not had a vote on the issue, but it is not the only country to have not had a vote on the issue."
"He's a good kid, he's a good kid, he's a good kid, he's a good kid, he's a good kid, but he's not going to be a great guy."
"We have to be very careful, and I think it is important for the public to understand that the UK is not immune to the consequences of Brexit."
"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of your life, and to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of your life."
"\"I don't know what to say about it,\" he said, adding that he was not surprised by the decision."
"The two countries have been at odds over the use of drones in the war against the Islamic State in Syria."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, I've always been a very good businessman,\" he said."
"I think it's really important to keep that in mind when you are making a decision and you are making a decision about a person."
"The law was passed in 2014 after a series of high- profile attacks by ISIS militants in the U. S. and Europe."
"The Rams have been under fire for their defensive play in the last two weeks, and they've been sacked twice this season."
"The UN has said it is \"deeply concerned \"about the number of children in need of humanitarian aid in the conflict- torn country."
"The new regulations are expected to be put to a vote in the House of Commons on Tuesday morning."
"But we're going to have to have a very good team, and I'm sure we're going to be very good at it."
"The German government is still looking for a solution to the refugee crisis, but it is also looking at ways to help the millions who are fleeing war and poverty."
"He said:'I'm not sure what the outcome is going to be, but I think it's going to be good for the sport."
"We had a good chance to win the game and we didn't, so we'll have to come back and try to get a win."
"The new report said the number of people who had been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by 1. 4 million since the start of the conflict."
"The group has been active since 2014, when it was formed to promote the Islamic faith in the United States."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect in January 2017, will allow anyone to use the internet without a warrant to access the internet."
"But he was never asked about the incident, and it's not clear whether he had been told of the incident."
"\"I'm not sure what I'm going to do next, but I'm going to keep working hard and try to get a good result,\" he said."
"I know I've got to do something to win, but I know I've got to get it done."
"The new figures, published by the Scottish Government, show that the number of people living in poverty has fallen by a third over the last five years."
"The report also found that the proportion of people in the top 1 per cent had fallen from 47 per cent in 1999 to 46 per cent in 2013."
"It's not just the players who have been affected, it's the families who have been affected too."
"We need to get the best out of this team and we're going to be a good team."
"It's a tough thing to say, because I'm not sure I want to say it, but I have a lot of respect for him."
"I think it's important for us to take the time to talk about the issues, because we're all very aware of the fact that we're in this together."
"The new study found that the most common reason for the increase was a lack of sleep, with the majority of women reporting having had at least one night of sleep."
"He is now in the final year of his contract and has already been offered a new deal at the club."
"The company said it was still working with the city to establish a new stadium, but it was not clear whether it would be completed before the end of the year."
"The report also found that the proportion of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has dropped from 11 per cent to 4 per cent."
"The first thing you need to do is to look at your game plan, and then you can make a decision on whether or not to go for it."
"The report found that in the last year, the number of people who have been convicted of a crime has increased by more than 40 percent."
"\"We've been in touch with the police, but it's not been confirmed that this is a hate crime,\" a spokesperson said."
"We've got a lot more to do, but it's not going to be easy, but it's going to be a good start for us."
"I think the best thing that can be done is to come together as a group and look at what we can do to improve the team."
"The latest figures from the Scottish government show that the number of people using social media for news has fallen by more than a third since 2010."
"But if you're not in the market for something, you're not going to get it."
"\"I am not going to sit here and say I am not going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The man who was shot dead by a police officer in Charlotte on Sunday has been identified as a man who was shot dead by police."
"\"It's a great feeling to be able to have a child, but it's also a great feeling to have a father who's given his life for us,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have been at odds over Syria for months, with Moscow accusing the Syrian government of using chemical weapons against its own people."
"I think we have a really good chance of winning this game and it's going to be a really good game for us."
"The average age of the first- generation immigrants to settle in Australia is now 34, compared with a peak of 55 in 1990."
"He was so happy to have had a baby girl, and he said he was proud of her and proud of her for being a mother."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to stay in the race for a long time,\" he said."
"\"We are in a very difficult situation, we are in a very difficult situation in the Middle East, and we need to take steps to restore peace and stability to the region,\" he said."
"The final result will be announced on Monday, and the campaign will have a chance to respond to it in a way that is both positive and negative."
"The latest poll shows Trump with a 2- point lead over the former secretary of state, and Clinton with a 1- point lead."
"The first minister said the Government would \"look at the options \"for the UK to remain in the single market but added: \"We will look at the options that are available to us and will make a decision as we go along."
"I'm going to be spending a lot of time in the hospital, so I'm going to be spending a lot of time in the hospital."
"I'm just going to be trying to do my best and try to be the best player that I can be."
"\"I'm not sure if I would have been able to do it if I had been in that position,\" he said."
"The company has been on a roll since the scandal broke, and has been hit with a $ 6. 6 million fine for its handling of the scandal."
"\"I think we are going to have to get to the bottom of that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see the investigation carried out."
"The company's shares were up more than 2 percent on the day, but fell more than 2 percent in after- hours trading."
"The two sides have been working on a deal for months, but the talks are expected to last several weeks."
"It's the first time the school has taught a class on the subject, and it's the first time a teacher has been charged with anything."
"The company said it was not aware of any reports of the incident and did not have any plans to take action."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a team that can be successful in a lot of different areas,\" he said."
"In the end, the two sides are likely to agree that the deal will not be implemented for the long term."
"The more we do to make sure that our children have a safe environment, the more likely we are to be successful."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the man in front of me was the only one who could have done anything to stop me."
"The company's shares fell 1% to $ 9. 60, their lowest level in more than two years."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the US government about a possible sale, but did not say whether it would seek to sell the assets."
"The Prime Minister said the UK would \"keep its options open \"as it seeks to make the UK a world leader in trade and investment."
"It is not clear whether the man's name was mentioned in the report, but it is believed to have been a reference to a family member."
"The Department of Health said it was working closely with the Scottish Government to ensure the right measures are in place to ensure the right patients are getting the care they need."
"The official said it was \"very important \"that the government take steps to address the issue, but that it was not possible to comment on the latest developments."
"\"I don't think that it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that he had been told by the government that the number of people who had been affected had been reduced."
"I think it's a good thing for the club and the players that they have got a good squad."
"\"I don't think that's the right way to go about it,\" he said in an interview."
"I think we've got a good squad and I think we've got a good manager, but we've got to get better and that's the only way we can do it."
"\"I think it's a good thing that they're doing it because it's a good thing for the club,\" said the 29- year- old."
"\"I would be lying if I said that I didn't think the show was going to be good,\" he said."
"The report found that the number of people who are not in work increased by more than 10 per cent in the past year."
"The second and third most important question is whether the Fed will raise rates in December, which is the last month of the year."
"\"I think that's why we're going to have to get our act together and make sure that we're not just going to have a one- size-fits-all approach,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" she said."
"The Government has been criticised for its handling of the issue of child sex abuse by its top figures, with some of the most senior figures calling for the issue to be brought to the public's attention."
"The first was the fact that there was a real possibility of a Brexit, and that it was not going to happen."
"We're going to be working with the government to ensure that we get the right deal for the people of Scotland."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit of a baby or just not getting the same amount of sleep as I used to."
"I would have liked to have been able to do that, but I think it's a good way to go."
"\"I've been through a lot, but I'm not going to give up,\" he said."
"He said he had been told that the former New York mayor had been arrested on suspicion of tax fraud and had been detained for more than two hours."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in the first quarter, and expects to report a profit of $ 1. 4 billion in the second quarter."
"The United States has been leading the charge against the Islamic State, which has taken advantage of the chaos of the war to expand its territory."
"It's not clear whether the two men were friends or if they were related, and police said they were not known to each other."
"The report also highlighted the need for more evidence- based policies on how to ensure children are treated in the care of their parents."
"The new study, published in the American Journal of Public Health, looked at more than 3, 000 people over a three- year period."
"The company said it was \"excited \"by the findings and that it was working to improve its customer service."
"The same goes for the other candidates, who are trying to win over young voters, who are the most likely to vote for Clinton."
"\"I'm not sure how you get a woman to go out and buy a gun and then have a child,\" she said."
"\"We're not going to change our policies, but we're going to make sure we have the best policies,\" he said."
"In the past, the company has been known to keep the number of employees in the same place for years, even though it is the only way to maintain a healthy workforce."
"\"I'm not going to put up with it because I've been a woman for so many years,\" he said."
"We are in the process of getting to the bottom of what happened, but we are confident that this is all over."
"\"I'm not going to say I don't like it, but I don't like it,\" he said."
"\"The fact that it's happening in the United States and we're seeing it in Europe is something we need to look at,\" he said."
"He added: \"We have a very strong relationship with the EU and we are very much looking forward to working with them."
"\"I was so proud of her and how she stood up for herself,\" she said in a statement."
"The police are still looking for the driver of the truck, but they say he is not believed to be a suspect."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand what it's like for a woman to have a child,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really excited to get to this point,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with local police to investigate the cause of the crash and is working with other authorities to determine what happened."
"I'm just trying to make sure that I'm able to get the best out of my teammates and I'm trying to get the best out of myself."
"\"I've been in this position before, and I've never been in this position where I was going to be able to get away with it,\" he said."
"The way we're playing now, we're not going to be able to do that every game."
"The people who are going to be the next president of the United States have to make a decision about who they want to be commander in chief."
"He said: \"It's great to see the support for the sport and the support for the players, but it's not the best thing for the sport."
"It's not a bad idea to have a young player come and play, but he's a young player, so he's a young player."
"\"It is a good thing for the game, but it is not the best thing for the game,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see how we can improve and improve on each other's work."
"\"I'm not going to say that I don't care, but I'm not going to say that I'm going to go and do it,\" she said."
"\"I was very disappointed with the way he played in the first half, but I think he's got a lot of work to do,\" said the captain."
"The man who shot the father of a dead woman in the head has been charged with murder."
"We're not going to get the votes of the working- class voters who want to make America great again."
"\"We've got a lot of people who are trying to get involved in the political process,\" he said."
"But if you look at the things that have happened in the last five years, it's not a very good picture."
"\"We're going to have a lot of great people coming in,\" Trump said, adding that he would make the announcement on his own."
"\"I think it's a very positive thing for the sport and I think it's a very positive thing for the sport,\" he said."
"I don't know what he's going to do with the rest of his life, but I'm not going to give up on him."
"The first thing that I did was I went to the store and bought a new pair of shoes, which was the first time I'd ever worn a pair of shoes."
"The company has already raised $ 1. 3 billion in a series of rounds of funding, including from investors."
"\"I've been playing rugby for a while now, and I'm really enjoying it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue, and it's a very important issue for the United States,\" he said."
"It is not clear whether the two men were connected or whether they were still in the country at the time of the attack."
"I was very nervous, but I knew I had to get out there and I just didn't think I would get it."
"In fact, it's the only way to ensure that the country's largest bank is not forced to pay more."
"The government has been criticised for failing to make a more ambitious target of bringing in 10 per cent of the workforce by 2020."
"The team has to be able to make the most of the time they're in a position to play in the playoffs."
"The company's shares fell as much as 7 percent in after- hours trading, with analysts saying the company's stock had lost about 30 percent of its value since the start of the year."
"The company said it was also working to improve its customer service and customer experience, and to improve customer service on the website."
"I would like to think that it's not just the fans that are concerned about the situation, but the whole football club."
"I think it's a good thing that we can do something about it and we're doing it."
"\"I think that's the most important thing to me, to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to play in the league,\" he said."
"The U. S. is a key ally of Russia in the fight against ISIS in Syria, and the alliance is crucial for the U. S. and its allies to counter the extremist group."
"It's a big challenge for us, but we have to make the right decision and we have to do it the right way."
"The U. S. Justice Department is investigating the Clinton Foundation, which has donated tens of millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation."
"\"We are not going to have a big presence in the Middle East,\" he said, adding that he expected to have a presence in the Middle East for a long time."
"The company's shares fell more than 1% in after- hours trading after the news, with shares trading down nearly 2% in after- hours trading."
"In the past, the government has been criticized for failing to address the issue of sexual abuse in schools."
"The result is that the government will have to spend \u00a3 10 billion on the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"But the truth is that the public is not as interested in the issues as they used to be."
"The next day, I went to the police station and asked for my passport and the police told me that I had to come back."
"The only way to make sure that we don't have a repeat of what happened in the past is to get rid of it."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie about my age, I'm not going to lie about my gender, I'm not going to lie about my height, I'm not going to lie about my weight."
"The last time I saw him was at the end of last year, when he was in the middle of the second round of the Australian Open."
"The United States is on track to meet its target of cutting emissions by 20 percent from 2005 levels by 2020."
"The fact that it is so popular in the US and the UK is a good thing, because it gives people a sense of security."
"It's not just about winning, it's about being able to win every single game and the confidence that we have in ourselves."
"It was a good thing for me to have that opportunity and I'm happy to have it."
"The first thing I did after I got the job was to go to a local coffee shop and buy a cup of coffee."
"\"It's not that we're not interested in the world of music,\" he told the BBC."
"The company has said that it will increase production in the UK from 2016, but has yet to announce a new production facility in the country."
"The number of people who say they have seen the footage has increased by one third, with more than half saying they have seen the footage in the last week."
"We have a lot of people who are working in the NHS who have been in the public sector for many years."
"In the first half of 2016, the company's revenue rose to $ 1. 1 billion, or 40 percent of its total revenue."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I don't think it was a very good year for me,\" he said."
"\"We are working hard to ensure that the investigation is completed and the charges are brought,\" the statement said."
"He said:'I think the first thing that comes to mind is, what do you want me to do?"
"\"I don't think it was a good idea to have a guy who's not a very good football player in the NFL,\" he said."
"The same poll found that 53 percent of Americans believe that Donald Trump will win the election, compared to 36 percent who said he would lose."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a lot of good players, and a lot of good players, to come here and play and play well,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work and the quality of the work we do, and we're going to do it."
"\"I think it's important that we're not just talking about the race, but about the issues,\" she said."
"It's a good thing that they're in the final, because they've been in the final three or four years of the league."
"\"I am not a lawyer, so I am not going to comment on the details of the case,\" he said."
"The news comes as the US and Russia are set to hold a joint military exercise in the South China Sea."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be voting for Hillary Clinton."
"It is not clear whether he was aware of the incident or whether he was trying to help the injured man."
"I don't know if that was the case, but I think it was a really good decision for the club."
"\"I'm just trying to make sure I'm getting my body right, and that's what I'm trying to do,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how you could possibly know that when you were in the middle of a war,\" he said."
"The government is also working to increase the number of councils in Scotland to more than 100, 000, and to build a new council house."
"The president- elect's victory in the US presidential election has also been seen as a boost for the company."
"It's a big game for us, but we want to play it right away and we want to win the game."
"The majority of the world's population, or about 3. 3 billion people, is now living in extreme poverty."
"I'm not saying it's not possible, but I think it's a good idea to have a look at it."
"\"I don't think the government is going to be able to do anything to stop it,\" he said."
"The most recent figures show that the number of people who have been killed or injured by police in England and Wales has risen by more than 10% since 2010."
"But I think it's a very important thing to do and we need to be able to do it in a very practical way."
"\"The only thing that can stop a woman from having a baby is if she's not giving birth,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to say too much about it, but I'm going to be honest,\" he said."
"But I'm not sure it's the right time to do it, because the people who are in charge of it are so busy."
"I'm just trying to make the best of it, but I'm not going to give up any of that."
"We have to have a good relationship with the people of the state and I think that's what we'll see."
"The woman, who has not been identified, told the court she had been waiting for her husband to arrive at the airport."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm older or if I'm not a big fan of the show."
"The company's shares rose as much as 7 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, but they were down about 3 percent in after- hours trading."
"I think it's important for the United States to do what we can to protect the rights of the American people."
"It's been a long road, but I'm enjoying it and I'm looking forward to the next challenge."
"It's a really good thing for us to be able to bring in a lot of young players and we'll be looking at that."
"\"I don't think there is any question that he will be a very strong candidate,\" he said."
"He said the government should \"keep the peace \"and \"take care \"of the people of Yemen, adding that the Saudi- led coalition has carried out air strikes in support of the Saudi- led government."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm really excited about it,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to play again in the NBA."
"The mother of a 13- year- old girl who was shot dead by police in a north London street has said she is not sure if she will be able to return to school."
"\"I don't know if I'll be able to go back to school,\" she said."
"The company's share price rose to more than $ 6. 60 on Wednesday, its highest since early 2014."
"\"We've been working on this for a long time and we're very excited about it,\" she said."
"He added that the country's economic growth was \"significantly \"ahead of the global economic data that was expected to be released on Friday."
"It's a very dangerous thing to say, because it's not just about the money, it's about the safety of the people who are working in these industries."
"The first- quarter revenue growth was a bit stronger than expected, but still below the pace of the previous quarter."
"The government's strategy is to build on the progress made in the last five years and to improve the quality of life in Scotland."
"\"I have to say, I'm not surprised that a lot of the younger generation are coming out,\" he said."
"I don't think it's fair to say that the only way to make sure that our children's lives are safe is to take away their guns."
"\"I'm a very close friend of mine, and I've known him for a long time,\" he said."
"In the wake of the EU referendum result, many in the business community have been concerned about the impact on the UK economy of the decision."
"The most common type of cancer is type 1, which is the most common cancer to develop in the United States, and it affects a lot of people."
"The US has been criticised for its treatment of the migrant crisis, with some saying it has made it harder for the country to deal with the problem."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be the only ones to go out and have a little bit of a laugh,\" he says."
"He said: \"I was in the car and I thought I could get away with it, but I was a bit nervous and I was thinking that I might not get away with it."
"\"I think it's very important that we do this in a way that we don't have to go through this process,\" he said."
"We are now going to have a very good relationship with the government and we're going to have to work very hard to get the best deal for the British people."
"The US- led coalition has been carrying out airstrikes in Syria since September 2015, and has been accused of targeting civilians."
"In a speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham, Mr Corbyn said: \"We are going to fight for every child in this country."
"He is a very good player, he is a good manager and he is very good in his own way and I am not sure he will change."
"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do about it, but I'm not going to say what I'm going to do about it,\" he said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I am delighted to be playing for the first time since I was a little kid."
"The video, which was posted on Facebook, shows the pair walking down a street in the city centre before they are stopped by a man."
"The government's plan is to make it easier for people to buy and sell their homes, but it also means that many people will have to wait longer to buy."
"The decision to make the deal was made by the European Commission, which is responsible for the EU's regulatory regime."
"\"We're going to take the lead, we're going to take the lead,\" said the former England captain."
"I'm not sure what the deal is, but I do know that it's going to be a very difficult game for us."
"The more you know about your body, the more likely you are to get fit and to have a healthy weight."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a little bit older, I'm not sure if it's because I'm a little bit older, I'm not sure if it's because I'm a little bit older."
"\"It's not a question of who is going to win the election,\" she said, adding that the focus should be on the next president."
"The company said it had reduced its net profit to $ 1. 3 billion from $ 1. 6 billion a year ago."
"The first thing that I want to do is to make it clear that we're not going to do anything to stop the flow of migrants coming to Europe."
"\"I don't think there's a lot of people who are going to be happy about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to get into the details of how we're going to get to that point,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to go into details, but I think it's important for the fans to understand that,\" he said."
"The best way to get the best out of your son is to give him the best chance of getting to know you, and to give him the best chance of learning from you."
"\"I have been a member of the Labour Party since I was 18 years old,\" he told the BBC in an interview."
"\"I'm just trying to get my head around it and make sure I'm ready for the next game,\" he said."
"Theresa May has said she is \"not ruling out \"the possibility of a formal Brexit deal with the EU after Brexit talks."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators in the US and Europe for its use of offshore funds."
"\"I don't know what to say about this, but I think we have to do something,\" she said."
"It's a good thing that he's back in the game and he's a great player, but I'm not sure that he's going to be able to play."
"The average number of days that a child has been in hospital has risen by nearly a third since the age of six."
"The Scottish Government has confirmed that the Scottish Government will not be providing funding for the Scottish Parliament to run the Scottish Parliament."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to move the ball and make plays,\" he said."
"The deal, which will be the first of its kind in the world, is expected to be approved by the European Commission in March 2017."
"The U. S. Justice Department said it is investigating the shooting, but did not name the officer."
"\"I'm not going to say I was in the wrong place at the wrong time,\" he said."
"I think it's important to have a sense of what's going on in the world and what's going on in the world of your own country."
"The last time a major city- state political party held a debate on the presidential ballot was in 2000."
"But, he added, \"I think it's a very important issue that we're going to be able to address."
"The company said it has seen a rise in the number of people using its services, with the number of people using its services in the UK growing by 1. 5 per cent in the last year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not doing that, because it's a very important thing to do,\" he said."
"The German government is expected to issue a statement on the matter by the end of the month, according to a German government source."
"\"I'm not sure that it's the best way to do it, but I think it's the right one,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that he's been able to do it, and he's done it for a long time."
"The news comes just days before the start of the first- ever presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, who is seeking the Democratic Party's presidential nomination."
"\"It's not like I'm going to go back to my old job,\" he said."
"The company has not yet confirmed whether the new feature will be available to all users, or if it will be rolled out to all devices."
"\"It's been such a long time since I've been in the top four, so I'm really excited,\" he said."
"The new law, which will take effect in January, will apply to any person who is a resident of the UK for more than five years."
"The findings are based on a survey of more than 2, 000 people who have tried marijuana and found no side effects."
"\"I've been in this business for 30 years and I've never seen a president, a vice president, a senator, or anybody get to do that,\" he said."
"We are confident that we will continue to do the same, and that we will have a very strong team in place to take us forward."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the people who are going to be there and the people who are going to be in charge."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 50 percent from a year ago."
"The company said it was also working with local authorities to help them identify the victims and their families."
"The company said it had already raised $ 30 million in a Series B round of funding from investors."
"\"It's a good thing that we can go back to the old way of playing football,\" he said."
"The BBC understands that the government is planning to hold a series of public consultation sessions on the scheme before the end of 2017."
"The figures come as the government is facing criticism for failing to tackle the problem of low- paid workers, who make up a fifth of the workforce."
"In the past, the state has been able to protect its own residents from the effects of pollution, but now it is facing a challenge from a growing number of other cities."
"\"I'm very proud of the work I've been doing in the last two years,\" he said."
"We have a great team and we have a great group of guys, but we are a team that can win the league."
"The government is also working on a plan to make it easier for people to claim benefits when their income is below \u00a3 100, 000."
"The state's attorney general's office said that the case was closed, but it is unclear whether the case is still on hold."
"We've had a lot of good performances in the last couple of weeks and we're looking forward to the next one."
"\"I'm very proud of the way we've been playing this year, and I'm looking forward to the challenge we're setting,\" he said."
"Theresa May is set to announce the Government's plans to introduce a new system of minimum wages and benefits for workers over the next five years."
"In the past, the US has been more generous to Israel than other countries, but the Israeli government has not been generous to the Palestinian people."
"The top two teams in each of the four- time world champions are already in the mix to sign a new deal."
"\"We're not going to be able to do the job that we're supposed to do,\" he said."
"The most important thing is that we have a very strong government, and a strong parliament, and we have a very strong parliament, and we have a very strong economy."
"The company's net income fell to $ 6. 8- million from $ 6. 7- million a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S."
"The company has also said it plans to cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers in China and other countries."
"\"We're going to have a lot of people who are going to be very excited about it,\" he said."
"\"It's important to understand that there is no guarantee that all of the information that is collected will be used to improve the security of our country,\" she said."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to win the Super Bowl."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to help people who are in need of help,\" he said."
"He said the U. S. was a \"great leader \"in the region and that he had \"a lot of respect \"for the Saudi- led coalition."
"The plan was to open a new facility in the city, but the project has been delayed because of concerns about the amount of land available."
"The news comes as the US Federal Reserve holds off on raising interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade."
"In the past, the French government has used its powers to make it harder for the UK to get its own way."
"The company said it expects revenue to be about $ 2. 5 billion for the quarter, compared with about $ 2. 4 billion a year ago."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2 percent to $ 21. 95 on Wednesday, their lowest price in more than a year."
"He said: \"It's a shame that we're not seeing more of these people, but we have to make sure we don't get into the wrong hands."
"In the first half, he was the better player, but he didn't have the ability to win the ball back."
"It is a great way to get a little bit of sleep and get yourself ready for the next game."
"I have a lot of friends that are in the same boat, and I'm not going to give up."
"The company said the decision was made because it had not been in a position to make a final decision on the matter."
"\"We're going to make America great again,\" Trump told a crowd of about 1, 000 in New York City."
"The girl's mother, who was also present at the trial, said the girl had been in a relationship with the man for a number of years."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 with a disability has fallen by more than a quarter since 2010."
"The attack comes after the police said they were \"very concerned \"about the number of people who had been killed in the attack."
"We've got a lot of good players in the squad, and a lot of good players in the squad that we've got to get right."
"The man, who is not being named for legal reasons, was arrested in August and has since been released on bail."
"I've been in the business for a while, I've been in the business for a while, I've been in the business for a while, I've been in the business for a while, I've been in the business for a"
"The couple, who are married, have been married for more than 20 years and have two children together."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the ruling and would appeal the decision to the Supreme Court."
"The video was posted online on Wednesday, but it has since been removed from YouTube, where it has been viewed more than 3 million times."
"\"I'm not sure if it's going to be the right decision or not, but I think it's going to be a good decision,\" he said."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of being involved in the commission of an offence, and is currently being held in custody."
"He said he was \"very concerned \"about the lack of progress on the migrant crisis in Calais, where migrants are arriving from all over Europe."
"The city's police chief said the shooting was a \"very, very tragic accident,\" and that he had no further comment."
"It's a great opportunity for us to play with the best players in the world, and we can't wait to get started."
"\"It is the first time in my life that I have been able to see the world through the eyes of a man,\" she said."
"The first is that the government should not be allowed to impose its own rules on the private sector."
"I think it's important that we do that because it's not just the government that has to make a decision about who is going to be in the White House."
"The first time I went to the airport I was scared because I didn't know what to expect, I was scared to death."
"The Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, said that the FBI is investigating her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state."
"\"The reason I'm here is because I want to be able to work with them and have a good relationship,\" he said."
"I'm sure that in the coming days we will be able to get a better idea of what happened."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to play this season, but I'm looking forward to playing and enjoying the game."
"We're not sure if that's the right thing to do, but we're not going to let it go."
"\"We are not going to give up on the fight,\" he said, adding that he was ready to fight for the future of the country."
"I think it's a good thing for the game, it's a good thing for the fans, it's a good thing for the team and we've got to make sure we don't let it get to us."
"\"I think the main thing is that he's done a great job, and he's a great player,\" he said."
"The family of a British man who has been missing for more than two weeks have been told they will not be able to return home until he is found alive."
"I don't think there's anything wrong with that, but I think it's important to remember that the people that are responsible for this are the people who have been elected."
"The government has said it will make the cuts permanent, and the cuts will be imposed on those who are already paying their fair share."
"The result of the debate was a call to improve the conditions for women's employment in the UK, which was met with a huge response."
"The group's shares were down more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday as the company's shares were down more than 6 percent in the past week."
"\"The only thing I can do is try to get the ball back and get the ball back in the box,\" he said."
"I don't think he's going to be able to get a lot of votes, but he's going to be able to get a lot of votes."
"But in the end, it's a matter of what you can do to make your kids feel comfortable in the new environment."
"The fact that we have a lot of people who are in the same boat, and we are all in this together, it makes it all worth it."
"But it's not just the financial impact of the new tax that is being discussed, it's the impact of the changes to the way the company operates."
"But I think that the United States has a lot of experience in this, and I think that's the most important thing."
"The question is whether the new legislation will allow a new generation of leaders to take the lead in making the case for a new approach to the EU referendum."
"The first thing we have to do is look at the numbers and see if we can get the best deal for the people we're talking to."
"I'm looking forward to the next step and I'm excited to get to work and get to play in front of my family and friends."
"In the past, the only time a player has been sacked by the club was in the first half of the season."
"But we're going to make sure that we do everything we can to make sure that we do that, and we're going to make sure that we do that."
"The government has said the changes will help reduce the number of deaths and injuries, but critics say it is too little, too late."
"The most recent survey of the country's electorate, conducted by the state's election commission, found that only a third of voters wanted to see a ban on Muslim immigrants."
"The three- year- old girl was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is now in a stable condition."
"\"I think I've been a lot better in the last couple of weeks,\" he said, adding that he has also been in better shape than he has in the last two weeks."
"In the past, the number of Americans who have been diagnosed with mental illness has been rising, but it's not necessarily the case that the rate of mental illness has been falling."
"He added that the government had not been able to secure enough funds to continue the program, which is now being run by the private sector."
"The company's shares are up nearly 20 percent this year, and have risen more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in July."
"The government's plan to reduce the number of asylum seekers entering the country has been criticized by human rights groups."
"\"I think that we are in a very difficult position, and we need to do something about it,\" he said."
"\"The only way I could think of to get him to come back is to get him to come back and get the money,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say what we're doing and what we're doing well, and that's what we're doing well,\" he said."
"Theresa May has said that the UK will not leave the European Union and the Prime Minister has said that the UK will be \"fully engaged \"in the EU negotiations."
"\"It is a great honor to be chosen as the nominee of the Republican Party,\" he said in a statement."
"In the end, it is not clear how the new government will act to tackle the problem, and the government has not made any recommendations."
"The two men are not believed to have been involved in any criminal activity, and have not been charged with a crime."
"\"I was just trying to be a role model for them, and that's what I'm trying to do,\" he said."
"I think he's a guy that's got a lot of potential and I think he's got a lot of work to do."
"The US has a long- term commitment to the idea that we can build a country that works for everyone, not just those at the top, and that's what we're going to do."
"The BBC has been working closely with the Government to ensure the rights of the BBC's staff are protected, and we will continue to work with the Government to ensure that the BBC is a safe place for BBC employees to work."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea for the government to be in the business of making decisions,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice, which has been investigating the Clinton Foundation for years, said in a statement that it is working with the Clinton Foundation."
"It's not that I'm going to be happy with the result but I'm going to have to do what I can to help my team win."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election, but it is still up about $ 10."
"The fact that he's been able to do that in a few months, he's got a chance to do it again."
"\"I think that's the most important thing, because it's the only thing that's going to stop the problems,\" he said."
"The two were found guilty of causing the death of a child by causing the death of a child by causing the death of a child by means of a dangerous weapon."
"The United States, Britain and Canada have all signed the agreement, and it is expected to be implemented by the end of the year."
"The survey also found that people are more likely to say they are concerned about the security of their home than they are about the security of their family."
"The company's shares are down more than 3 percent this year, but they are up more than 20 percent this year."
"The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, has said he will not seek re- election in 2018 and is likely to wait until after the next presidential election."
"The U. S. has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since September 2014, but the U. S. military has not conducted airstrikes in Syria since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country, but I'm going to say it's a bad thing for the country."
"The company's shares were up more than 1 percent in early trading on Thursday, the biggest gain in a year."
"But the fact is, I'm not going to go through what I did yesterday and I'm not going to go through what I did last night and I'm not going to go through what I did last night and I'm not going to"
"The statement said the woman was \"well- respected and respected by her family \"and that she had been given a life sentence."
"The video has been watched more than 1. 7 million times on Facebook and YouTube, and has been shared more than 6, 000 times."
"The first of those was the death of a man in the early hours of Monday morning in the city of Aleppo."
"The most recent figures show that the number of people aged 65 and over has fallen by more than a quarter in the last year."
"The only thing I can think about is that I was there, I was there, I was there, I saw it."
"The new rules will apply to the first 100 days of the new year, but will apply to all employees for the rest of the year."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"\"I have no doubt that the police will be there for me, and I will be there for the people I love,\" she said."
"\"I'm sure he'll get a lot of support from the community, and we'll see how it goes,\" he said."
"The report found that the proportion of people who had used cannabis in the past year dropped from 14% to 12% in the past five years."
"\"I have no idea why they would do this, but it's something that they are doing,\" he said."
"The company has said it will move to a new headquarters in San Francisco in the near future, and that it will be taking a more active role in the US market."
"The EU is currently seeking to strengthen its border controls, but it is unclear how much of the new measures will be effective."
"It's a good thing that the people who have been working on it are actually working on it, so it's a good thing that the people who have been working on it are actually working on it."
"The last thing I want is to be in a situation where I have to play my best tennis and not be able to play my best tennis."
"The company said it had sold 1, 300 of its vehicles in the past six months, and that the number of customers was growing."
"The new figures also show that in the last year, the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has risen by about a third."
"\"It's a very important part of the game, and it's one of the reasons why we're winning,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has been clear that he will not be taking sides in this debate, but that is what the UK Government has done."
"It's not that we can't do it, it's just that we can't do it in the way we want to."
"\"I think it's important for the players to understand that the game is about more than just the money,\" he said."
"The country has been divided for more than two years, with the government- led opposition party and the opposition opposition coalition battling for control of the country."
"\"I am very happy with my time here, and I am very happy to be back in the team,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I want to go back to that,\" he said, \"but I'm going to try to go back to the way I was."
"The former prime minister's speech was the first time he spoke about the issue of EU membership in the UK since his election victory in June."
"\"We're going to have a great, great team, and we're going to have a great team,\" he said."
"The first thing we have to do is to get the right players on the field, and we need to get the right players on the field."
"The US has been on high alert since the Paris attacks in November 2015, when a suicide car bomb killed 130 people."
"\"The main thing is that we have to be ready for the game, ready for the game,\" he said."
"But the US- led coalition has said it will take part in the fighting, and is looking to boost its presence in the region."
"The three- month- old baby was found by police at the home on Tuesday morning after they had been told the baby had been found."
"\"It's a great way to do it, but I think it's going to be a lot more fun,\" she said."
"I'm not sure how much I'd be willing to pay for it, but I'm not sure how much I'd be willing to pay for it."
"The researchers found that the average age of women in the study was 25, and that women were more likely to be single than men."
"\"It's a good way to have a conversation with your friends and family,\" she said."
"\"We've got some very good young players, but we have to be careful with the young guys,\" he said."
"The Australian dollar has been on a tear in recent months, with the Australian dollar rising nearly 1. 5 per cent against the US dollar."
"\"I'm going to tell you, we are going to be able to do it in a very, very short period of time,\" he said."
"The company said in a statement it was \"committed to improving customer service and customer experience \"and \"will continue to work with our partners to improve customer experience and customer experience."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to be able to have a conversation about the future of our country,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how I would have gone about that, but I think it was a good idea."
"But I think it's important to remember that this is a very, very young team and it's going to take some time to get all the right things right."
"The company said it would reduce its workforce by about 2, 000 from the previous year, and said it would also reduce its workforce by $ 1. 3 billion from 2015."
"\"I think that's the way it should be,\" said the star, who was born in the United States."
"We've got to be careful about what we say and do, but we've got to be careful about what we say and do and make sure we get the right message out there."
"But the fact is that the whole point of the referendum was to show that Britain was not going to leave the EU."
"I'm going to take the time to talk about the things I'm going to do and what I'm going to do to get to where I want to be."
"The man who was arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail until the next court date on 20 December."
"\"It's been a long time coming but we're just here to make sure we're all in the right place at the right time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that we're going to have a very good relationship, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The Scottish government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue after a number of cases were heard in the courts."
"The new study also found that the number of people who reported they had experienced sexual abuse increased from 11. 5 per cent to 15. 5 per cent."
"I know that I have a lot of work to do in the next few months and I'm going to have to work very hard to make sure I'm not the last one left in the world."
"\"I've been working on this for a long time, and I'm not sure how long I can stay,\" he said."
"I'm sure he will be very, very disappointed with the outcome of this election, but I'm sure he will be very, very proud of the result."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been lucky enough to have been raised by a single parent,\" she said."
"The majority of the attacks have been in the capital, where the government has been accused of failing to protect civilians."
"The group's latest figures show that the number of people in the UK who have been diagnosed with mental health problems has risen by almost 30 per cent."
"\"I don't know what they're going to do with it, but I'm going to take it,\" he said."
"\"We've got to get the right balance between the safety and security of our passengers and crew,\" he said."
"But I think the most important thing is that we're all together and we're all in the right place at the right time."
"He's going to have a tough game, and he's going to be a tough guy to play against."
"The attack on the hospital was the worst in Syria since the start of the civil war in 2011, when more than 250, 000 people were killed."
"It's a great place to be and I'm looking forward to getting to know the people here."
"The company has said it is committed to improving its customer experience and is working to improve its overall customer service."
"\"I have been told I'm not allowed to wear the dress because of my religion,\" he said."
"The idea is that you can be a good parent and make a difference in the lives of your kids, and it's a very good thing."
"In the past, he has been on the defensive and has been a bit of a hold- back, but he's been a good player for us."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about the future of the UK is the EU."
"\"I don't think there is a better way to get to the bottom of this,\" he said."
"\"We are going to be the best team in the world, and we have to make sure we don't make mistakes,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for more than 20 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"It's a big step up, but I think it's going to be a good step up for us."
"The country's economy is expected to grow by 0. 6 percent in 2016, the fastest pace since the beginning of the global financial crisis."
"He said: \"I don't think it's going to be easy for him to get his head around the fact that we've got a new team."
"The idea that a person could have a disability is not just wrong, it's wrong and it's wrong to make it a crime to be disabled."
"The man, who is not being named, was arrested at the scene and taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital for treatment."
"\"We have to make sure that the American people have a voice, that they have a voice in the election,\" he said."
"The country's economy is growing at a rate of more than 6 percent a year, and the government has pledged to spend $ 1 billion a year in the next five years."
"In a statement, the company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are safe, and that our products are made to meet the highest standards."
"\"I think it's a big step forward for us, but we need to be focused on that,\" he said."
"The US president- elect, Donald Trump, has promised to build a wall between the US and Mexico and to build a wall between the US and China."
"\"I have to be honest, I don't really have any idea what the hell is going on,\" he said."
"It was the first time in the past two decades that the number of people with HIV has fallen below the pre- existing infection rate."
"\"I think it's important to understand that, if you're a woman, you're not supposed to be in the room with a man,\" she said."
"The poll found that a majority of voters believe that the U. S. should stay in the EU, with 62 percent saying that the U. S. should leave."
"He said:'We are in a very difficult situation, the situation is very difficult and we have been in a very difficult position."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and it has been selling off assets."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the public have seen the film,\" he said, adding that he was pleased with the response."
"But the company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and have fallen by more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"But the fact is that the country's economy is in good shape, and the government is doing its job."
"The new study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, shows that the risk of heart disease among women aged 45 to 64 has increased from 13 percent to 21 percent over the past decade."
"We will be looking at the situation and we will have a clear view of the situation as we go along,\" he said."
"The company has been in discussions with the government on a possible deal, but it has not yet been confirmed whether it will go ahead."
"The next step is for the government to make it easier for people to claim benefits, which is why the government is working on a national living wage."
"The first thing I wanted to do was to get the team to go to the Super Bowl, and I was trying to do everything I could to get there."
"The former secretary of state also said she would not be seeking re- election in November if she is re- elected."
"It is a very tough situation, but I think it is a very important one for us as we are trying to get back on track."
"He said:'I don't know if it's because I didn't have a lot of time to read it and I didn't have the time to look at it."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been in work for more than three months has fallen by more than half since the start of the year."
"But, in the end, we're going to have to see how he does in the coming days."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to make a movie with a bad guy,\" he said."
"It is not clear if the man was a member of the public or was in possession of a weapon."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very happy with the way he's played and I'm very pleased with the way he's played."
"The team is not yet certain whether the two are related, but the pair have been seen together at least three times."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I've been through a lot,\" he said."
"We're going to have to take care of the business and the people and the business is going to be OK, and we're going to get back to business as usual."
"He said: \"I think it's important to recognise that there are many people out there who have been victims of sexual abuse."
"We've got to get that balance in place that we can go out and play the way we've played the last couple of weeks."
"The Prime Minister's official spokeswoman said: \"The Prime Minister has been clear that he wants to see the UK remain a'special'partner in the European Union."
"I'm not sure what to say about the way that the game was played and the way the game was played, but it was a good game."
"The number of people who are able to get into the UK from the EU in recent years has been increasing."
"But he also said he did not know whether he would be able to get a job in the future, and that he had not been given any information."
"\"The fact that I am not in the running for president, I am not in the running for president,\" Trump said in an interview with Fox News."
"But it's not clear whether the company will be able to secure the necessary funds for the project, which will take about two years to complete."
"The government is also expected to announce a new scheme for the public to be able to vote on the terms of the next government."
"The government has said it will hold a meeting on Thursday to discuss the situation, but has yet to announce any specific action."
"\"It's been a great honor to be a part of it,\" he said, adding that he was happy with the outcome."
"I think it's a really good thing, because it means that we are going to have a great relationship with the Chinese."
"\"I'm going to try and win this game and I'm going to try to win the championship,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to play in the next few days, but I'm looking forward to it."
"\"We have a very, very good team and we will have to play a lot of games in the next few days,\" he said."
"He said: \"It's a very difficult time for the Scottish economy as we have a number of key trading partners in the UK."
"The way he's been playing and how he's played this year, it's been a great opportunity to get back to where I was."
"The problem with the current system, in my view, is that it is not working, and it is not working in the way it should."
"I'm not sure that's what he's been doing, but he's been doing it for a long time and he's doing it for the right reasons."
"It's a shame that the government has decided to go this route, but it is the right thing to do."
"He said: \"I'm not sure what the reason is, but I don't think it's a good reason for me to be here."
"He said he did not want to go to prison, but would be \"happy \"if he could return to work."
"The U. S. is also trying to stop the flow of migrants from countries including Greece and Italy, which has a large population of refugees."
"\"It's been a long time coming and we've just got to wait and see,\" he said."
"I think it's a very good idea, and I think it's a good idea for a lot of people to have a conversation about it."
"We've been doing this for the past year and we've got to get it right, but we've got to get the right balance."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get some players in and we will see what happens."
"He said the only way to stop the spread of the virus was to stop the use of the vaccine, which is still in use in the United States."
"The city's mayor said he had been told by police that the man was a resident of the area."
"I'm not sure what the answer is, but I think it's a good idea."
"I'm a little bit nervous because I've been playing really well in the last couple of weeks and I'm enjoying myself."
"The company has been hit by a series of attacks in the past year, including one in which a bomb went off in a Berlin Christmas market."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban since 2014, but has not been able to strike them directly."
"The man's wife was also taken to hospital in critical condition, while the woman and baby were taken to hospital for treatment."
"In the first quarter of 2016, the number of people who reported being homeless increased by more than 60 percent."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement that would include the payment of $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"I think the way we're playing is, we're going to try to win the game and we're not going to give up,\" he said."
"The FBI said the suspect's name and age were not on the package, but the FBI did not identify the suspect."
"I think it's the most important thing in the world, to be able to talk to people and be able to get them to understand."
"\"The main thing is to be able to get on the court and play with the players,\" he said."
"The government has already announced that the country's first women- only school will open in the second half of next year."
"I'm not going to give up on the game plan, I'm going to keep working hard and I'm going to keep playing."
"The new law is expected to make it easier for companies to move money out of the country, but it's not clear how much will be moved."
"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are responsible for this situation are going to be held to account."
"It is a great challenge and we are looking forward to getting the best out of the team and the coaches."
"The company has also said it is working with the FBI to find the source of the leak, but it is unclear if it was related to the leak."
"The group said the rise in the number of young people aged between 15 and 24 in the UK was the biggest since records began in 1990."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, while shares of the world's largest internet company fell by more than 10 percent."
"The government has pledged to introduce a new minimum wage of \u00a3 10 per hour by 2020, but has said it will not be rolled out to all workers."
"\"I think I'm going to have a great life and I'm going to have a great job,\" he said."
"I think that's what we're trying to do, and that's what we're going to do as a team."
"\"I've been working on it since I was 18, and I don't even know how to spell it,\" she says."
"It is not clear how many of the victims were women or children, but some have been identified as having been aged between 14 and 17."
"In a statement released by the state of emergency, the governor said that the state would be able to respond to a range of threats."
"The company is also working on a new service that will allow users to search for items on the site and get a list of the items they want to buy."
"The United States, with a population of just over 7 million, has been in a state of war for more than a decade."
"The other problem with this is that it's the only way to make money, and the only way to make a good product."
"The move comes as the government seeks to tackle the country's growing poverty and inequality, which has been a source of intense debate for years."
"The Rams are in a position to win a Super Bowl, but they have lost three in a row and have lost four in a row."
"\"I think it's a great idea, but we don't know what it is yet,\" he said."
"The court heard that Mr Johnson had been planning to leave the country for a year and that he had been told he was likely to be arrested."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that the UK is a very important part of the EU,\" he said."
"The company said in a statement that it had been working on the project for about a year, and that it would be ready for the start of construction by the end of the year."
"The company is also investigating whether the company was aware of a security breach in the company's systems and whether it had been involved in a breach of its systems."
"He has been in the news a lot, but I think he's got a lot of potential and he's got a lot of potential to be a big- time player."
"\"I think it's a good way to start the year,\" he said, \"to get some momentum going."
"The data also showed that the number of people with mental health problems was up by more than a third in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that people are talking about it now, because it's not as bad as it's made out to be,\" he said."
"The two men are believed to have been in the car with the woman when the woman's vehicle was hit by a car."
"It's a great opportunity for us to go and play against the best team in the world and it's a chance to be a part of it."
"The decision to give up the tax credit is a big blow to the state's economy, which has been struggling for years."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State militants since last year, but has also been carrying out airstrikes against Kurdish forces in Syria."
"We're going to have a lot of people in the White House who are going to be very concerned about what's going to happen."
"The Scottish Government has said it will introduce a new system of \"no- fly \"warnings for all aircraft."
"I'm not sure how many people have been affected by the virus, but I think it's likely to be around a dozen."
"\"I'm going to keep doing what I've been doing for the last 10 years,\" he said."
"\"I'm a bit disappointed that I didn't have a chance to play against a team that I know very well,\" he said."
"In the first quarter of 2016, the company reported a net loss of $ 1. 4 billion, or 17 cents per share."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief, but critics say the system is not working."
"The victim's family said the man had been known to police for years and was a known danger to the community."
"\"We are very grateful to the people of the United States who have supported us in this difficult time,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing that could happen is that the people who have been affected by the leak would have to be protected,\" he said."
"\"I have no doubt that this is a very important issue for the country and for the world,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, so I'm going to take a week off,\" he said."
"\"It's a big thing, but it's not a big deal,\" he said of the current state of the industry."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to take a photo of a dead person,\" she said."
"But in the past year, the number of people who have been diagnosed with mental illness has increased by more than 80 percent."
"It's not that I don't like the idea of it, but it's not that I don't like it either."
"In the last five years, the number of people who have died in the UK has risen by more than a third."
"The company said it would be able to use its existing network to deliver online content to more than a million users."
"It's a great team and we've got a lot of work to do, but we've got a good group of guys."
"It's hard to know what to expect from the Giants in 2016, but they're just as good as they've been in years past."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue, with some claiming the new rules will make it harder for people to get help."
"The vast majority of the time, the animals will be used to help in the care of their owners, and the owners will have a say in how the animals are used."
"It is a great way to spend the day, and I would like to see it in the shops and on the internet."
"But I think the biggest thing is that I'm not sure that I've got the strength to do that."
"\"It's not just about me, I'm the only one who's not happy with the way I've been treated,\" she said."
"But he said he was \"not sure \"if the government had been prepared to pay for the treatment of the couple."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing something about this, because it's a really good thing,\" Trump said."
"We are very proud of our work in this area and we are proud to have been involved in the work that has been done."
"\"I have never had a problem with the police,\" he said, adding that he was not a member of the police union."
"\"I've been in the same position for a long time now, so I've got to be prepared,\" he said."
"The state's attorney general's office said the man had been arrested and charged with the crime of battery."
"The vast majority of the victims were women and children aged between 14 and 18, and the majority were aged between 20 and 24."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do that or not,\" she said."
"The figures show that the proportion of people who have been in the labour force for at least five years has increased from 14. 7 per cent in 2000 to 16. 1 per cent in 2014."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting has risen to more than 3, 000, according to UN figures."
"\"I would say to the president of the United States, if you're going to be president, you've got to be prepared for the possibility of a crisis,\" he told the Los Angeles Times."
"But the next day, he was in the car, and I asked him if he was OK and he said he was."
"The only thing I can do is say thank you to the people who made this happen, and I hope that we can continue to work together."
"\"We've had a lot of good things happen over the last few weeks and we've got to keep going,\" he said of the club's title challenge."
"I am not sure what the future holds for me but I am excited to get back to work and to enjoy my life again."
"\"I don't want to say that I'm happy with the outcome, but I'm happy with what we've done,\" he said."
"The UK's first ever woman prime minister will be in the White House on Tuesday to discuss the country's place in the world."
"I think it's important to look at the history of the club and to think about what's happened in the past and what can we do to change that."
"He said he had been in contact with the victim's family and had been told the boy was safe and well."
"\"It's a big game and I've got to be ready for it,\" he said."
"I think it's important that we get a lot of these things right, and that's what we're going to do."
"I'm not sure I can even describe how much it has changed my life and my life in general."
"It is the first time the government has released the full list of people it has interviewed who had been detained, and the first time the government has released the full list of people it has interviewed who had been detained by the military."
"In a statement, the company said: \"We are pleased to announce the successful launch of our first- ever mobile app."
"The company said it was working with the state to determine how the new rules would affect the business."
"I think that's why he's been so successful, because he's been able to get his message across and get people to think about the world."
"The former secretary of state has been in the race for weeks, and her campaign has been trying to keep her in the race."
"\"It's a very hard thing to do, but I'm happy to do it,\" he said."
"\"It's a very special day for the club and we're going to miss it,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, but it has recovered since then."
"The UK government has said it will appeal the ruling, which came after a seven- day legal battle."
"\"I think that's the reason why we're not winning, because we're not winning the game,\" he said."
"The new contract is expected to be introduced in the next two years and will see a reduction in the number of staff."
"But I don't think we have any real problems with it, because we have a lot of people who are very interested in it."
"The Australian dollar fell as much as 6. 4 per cent on Friday, its biggest drop since the start of the year."
"The government's response to the report has been to say that the report's findings were not true, and that it would not be releasing them."
"The company's net income was $ 1. 2 billion, compared with $ 1. 2 billion in the same period a year ago."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for us but it is going to be a very tough game,\" he said."
"The report also found that the average household in the UK had a net worth of \u00a3 30, 000, compared to \u00a3 42, 000 for the same age group in the US."
"The problem is that I don't have the money to pay for my own hospital, which is what I have to do."
"It's not easy to get a job in the industry and I think the best thing to do is to get a job in the industry and I think that is what the government should do."
"\"It is not a matter of where you come from, or what you are doing,\" he said."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to make sure that we get to the bottom of this,\" he said."
"\"I think I'm a little bit lucky that I didn't get the ball back,\" he said."
"The country's largest bank, which has been hit by the worst crisis since the collapse of the Soviet Union, said it would take steps to reduce its losses."
"\"I'm not sure if I would have played if I didn't have the opportunity to play in the tournament,\" he said."
"The federal government's decision is a victory for the federal government, which has been trying to make the case for years."
"\"It's not just a matter of us being in the room with the president- elect,\" he said."
"The team's first goal was a second- period power- play goal from the top of the box."
"I don't think I have ever been in a situation where I was able to do that and I am just trying to make the best of it."
"He said: \"It is a big step forward for the club and we are looking forward to the future."
"The move comes as the government is seeking to increase the number of asylum seekers who arrive in the country from the current one million."
"The debate on the issue has been dominated by the issue of the UK's role in the EU."
"I'm not sure that's the right way to go about it, but I'm not sure that's the best way to go about it."
"\"I think we are going to have a great deal of success in this election and I think we are going to have a great deal of success in this country,\" he said."
"The new laws will apply to all students, regardless of their gender, and will be in place for two years."
"The government's plan would have allowed the UK to retain control of the border, but the deal has been criticised by the Scottish government."
"\"We are not going to go into the details of the investigation, but we will be working with the police,\" he said."
"The couple, who have two children, have not been named, but have said that they are looking forward to their new life together."
"It is a significant step forward, but the reality is that we still have a long way to go to ensure that the NHS is run with the best possible care for all patients."
"It's a good way to get a sense of where your team is going and where you're at."
"The U. N. Security Council is scheduled to hold a meeting on Syria on Thursday, and U. S. President Barack Obama is expected to announce a new round of sanctions."
"\"I think there are a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time who have had a hard time,\" he says."
"The government is also expected to announce a new plan for the future of the migrant camp in Calais, which will be the first in the country."
"The US and its allies have been bombing the militants since the start of the war in Syria in March 2011."
"\"I think we've had a really good season and I'm looking forward to the next one,\" he said."
"I've been working with the president on a number of issues, including the economy, trade, and the environment."
"I think the first thing that we have to do is to make sure that we have a strong team that we can rely on and that we can win games."
"It's not like we're going to do it all over again, but we'll have to do it."
"The Prime Minister has repeatedly said that the UK should remain in the single market, but has said that leaving the EU would mean a \"hard border \"between the UK and the EU."
"But if you want to know what it's like to be a woman in a male- dominated industry, I suggest you read the book."
"The report, which was prepared in the wake of the Paris attacks, was a response to a question from the British prime minister David Cameron."
"\"I think it's important for us to have the same experience in the same country,\" he said."
"\"We are in a very difficult situation, and we have to make the right decision,\" he said."
"He said he was not sure whether the incident was a hate crime or a hate crime of hate speech, and did not believe that it was a hate crime."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to get the best deal for the American people,\" he said."
"\"I would say that the majority of people in the world who have been affected by the Zika virus are not the same people who have been infected with Zika,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're going to have to move away from that,\" he said."
"The BBC reported that the number of people killed in the conflict has risen to more than 2, 000, and the number of civilians has also risen to more than 2, 000."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the press,\" he said."
"The most important thing is that we have a good squad, a good squad of players, and we have a good squad of players who are capable of playing in this competition."
"I think we're going to have a great relationship with the people of New York and I think that will be a good thing."
"\"I've had to deal with a lot of things that are different now,\" he said of his time in the military."
"The Scottish government has pledged to take in 1, 000 refugees and migrants from across Europe by 2020, a pledge that has been met with resistance from some quarters."
"He added: \"I would have liked to have seen a bit more time in the back of the car to see if we could have got a bit more space."
"The problem is that the government is not making a decision on whether to introduce the new law, and the government has not even decided on the date of the new law."
"\"It's a shame that we can't do it, because we have a lot of work to do,\" she said."
"\"I think we are in a position where we need to look at all of these options,\" he said."
"I was just trying to get my body right, and it was just a matter of trying to get the right balance between my body and my mind."
"We've got to find a way to get the ball into the right areas and then we'll be able to get it into the right areas."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the American people, and I think it's a good thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm very happy to be back in the game,\" he said, adding that he was \"excited \"to be back in the league."
"The good news is that there's a lot of good news about the country, and it's good news for the economy."
"We've got to make sure we're not getting too carried away and we've got to be very careful."
"The former secretary of state's campaign has not released any of her paid speeches, and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, has not released his tax returns, although he has released a handful of his."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are trying to get in are trying to get into the business,\" she said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said of the negotiations, according to a source close to the talks."
"The U. S. has a history of using drones to target militant groups, but the U. S. military has not used them in combat."
"In the end, the two sides have to make the case for the other side's position, which is that the other side is right."
"\"I'm going to make a decision on that and I'm going to make it right,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested after a man allegedly attacked a woman who was walking her dog in the street."
"I am also very happy to be a part of the team and I look forward to playing with the players and the fans for the next few years."
"He said he was \"deeply concerned \"about the \"growing threat from ISIS and said it was \"a big deal \"that he had been among the first to join the group."
"\"I'm not sure that we're going to get to that point,\" he said, adding that he expects to have a \"very strong \"vote in the fall."
"I think the most important thing is to have a good relationship with the people that you're working with."
"The fact is, we're not going to be able to go back to the days of the old days."
"\"I was in the car with my wife and kids and she was just driving by and she was like, \"I can't believe you're doing this."
"But the reality is, it's not just about the money, it's about the people who are going to be able to do it."
"The average age of a newly- registered voter in the District is 51, and the majority of voters in the district are white."
"The court heard that he was also involved in a dispute with a friend who had been at the club for a night out."
"We have to be very careful about what we say in front of our children, because it can be very dangerous."
"The first thing we have to do is make sure that we have a strong and effective government in place."
"\"I'm going to be the first to say that I'm not going to run for president,\" he said."
"\"I am very disappointed that we did not win the game and that we did not have a chance to win it,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we're going to be back on track in a couple of weeks,\" he said."
"I don't think the people who are in the office want to be in it, but they are going to have to."
"\"We are very pleased to have the opportunity to work with the new administration on a range of issues,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to have a very strong team, and we're going to have a very strong team,\" he said."
"The move comes as the UK is preparing to leave the European Union, with the Prime Minister Theresa May expected to announce a deal on the subject in the coming weeks."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the beginning of the year, but it has recovered relatively well since then."
"\"I don't know if that's a good thing or bad thing,\" he said."
"The government is looking at the possibility of a referendum on the UK's membership of the EU, but it has not yet been decided."
"\"I was on the phone with my family and I said, \"I want to get back to work and get a job."
"The company's stock rose more than 20 percent in the past 12 months, but it has fallen more than 40 percent in the past three years."
"The first half was very good but we didn't play the way we wanted to play, and then the second half we had a chance to win the game."
"The country's unemployment rate is now at 6. 9 percent, which is well below the national average, but still above the national average."
"We've had a few of those but I'm not sure if it's going to be a good thing for the team."
"The company has not released details about the number of jobs it has lost, but it has reported a net loss of $ 2. 8 million."
"\"It's a good thing that we're not a team that has to play every game,\" he said."
"The state's attorney general's office said in a statement that it was investigating the incident and had not yet received the report."
"The second- quarter revenue for the quarter was $ 12. 5 billion, up from $ 10. 6 billion a year earlier."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we're doing it,\" he said, adding that the government had agreed to extend the deadline."
"\"It's not just the way we've been playing, it's the way we've played, and I think that's something that we've got to work on,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if I will be able to go back to work,\" she said in an interview with the BBC."
"The two- year- old child died in the early hours of Friday, according to the New York Daily News."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the problem, which has been blamed for the deaths of more than 1, 000 people."
"\"We're not going to have a very good relationship with the Russians,\" Trump said in an interview on Fox News."
"The president- elect has said he is \"open for business \"in the US and has promised to build a wall on the Mexican border."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 5 billion in cash from private equity firms, but the deal was not completed."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit tired, or just because I'm not quite up to the task."
"The researchers found that in the first week of the study, people who had been drinking for at least three months were more likely to develop symptoms."
"The same thing happened in the UK in 2012, when a man was jailed for the murder of his wife."
"But in the end, it was a team effort that gave us a chance to win the game and we have to be grateful for that."
"\"I'm a big fan of the military, but I don't have a problem with it,\" he said."
"But I think it's going to be a tough game, and I think that's what we're going to have to get our guys in."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that the Scottish government has been very clear about the need for more investment in Scotland,\" he said."
"The government has made no secret of the fact that it wants to make Britain a more attractive place to live and work."
"\"It was a very, very tough time for us, and we will be going through a very difficult period in our lives,\" he said."
"I think that's what's really important, that we all come together and make the most of what we've got."
"The government has said it will use its powers to close the gap between the rich and the poor and to tackle poverty."
"The UK is the only major EU country to not allow asylum seekers to cross the Channel from Turkey to Greece."
"The latest round of talks, which started on Monday, is the first of several aimed at reaching a deal in the near future."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a lot of fun,\" he said."
"We're going to have to do a lot better than we did last year and we're going to have to do a lot better than we did last year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the office and get a copy of the letter and I was told that it had been sent to me."
"\"I think it's important that people understand that we're not going to solve the problems that we're going to solve,\" he said."
"The Obama administration has been pushing for a vote on the issue, but the White House has not yet received a draft."
"I am not sure how many people are going to be able to read this, but it is a very interesting book."
"The first thing that I did was to look at the video and see what was going on."
"The UK government has set out its plans for a \"new era \"for Britain's relationship with the EU, with the Prime Minister's office promising a \"new era \"of cooperation."
"I have been working hard for the last two years to get back to the level I was at in the first place and I am so grateful for that."
"It's a big game and we're going to have to get to the line and get a win."
"The president's visit to Cuba is the first by a US president to the island since the end of the Soviet Union."
"The fact is we're still in the same position as we were before the referendum and we're still in a position where we are a party that is going to be in a position to make a decision."
"\"I'm not sure if they will be able to get the next president to actually do it,\" he said."
"The only thing I can think of is that I'm going to be a part of it and I'm going to be able to get a job out of it."
"The party's official spokesman said the party had been \"fully engaged \"in the negotiations and that it was \"not a political party \"and did not have any plans to form a government."
"The government is also expected to take a fresh look at its own spending plans, which will be published on Thursday."
"\"I've been in the industry for a long time and I've never had a problem with it,\" he said."
"It's a good way to get some extra attention, and I think the players are enjoying it."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to do it, but he's going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The US and its allies, including Russia, have said they are ready to take back the city, which has been under their control since the start of the civil war."
"It is not clear what the company will do with the data it has collected from the survey, but it is expected to be handed over to a security firm."
"\"I'm just trying to do what I can to help people, and I've got a lot of good people in my life,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a plan to reduce its workforce by about 1, 000 to 2, 000 workers over the next five years."
"He said: \"I have been on the BBC for over 30 years and I have been a BBC journalist for over 50 years and I have worked for the BBC for over 40 years."
"We had a lot of people coming and going, but we didn't have any real goals and it was really difficult."
"But the show's star is now saying that he doesn't think he will ever be able to have children."
"In a statement, the group said it had not been informed of the decision and was not aware of any legal action."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 7 percent to $ 35. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The company has said that it has more than 2, 000 employees in the United States, and it has more than 2, 800 employees in Canada."
"I'm not saying that there's a problem, but it's a problem that's very serious, and I think that's what we need to address."
"The \"biggest challenge \"is not just the economic one, but the social one too: the loss of jobs, wealth and the rise of inequality."
"I have a lot of friends who are in the same boat and they all say it's a great way to spend the summer."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the Syrian civil war has risen by more than a million since the start of the war in 2011."
"He added: \"We have a good relationship with our partners, and we will continue to work together to ensure that we are in the best possible position to deliver on the promises we have made."
"I don't know if it is because I have a lot of time, but it is probably because I am too busy with the family."
"\"We're going to make sure that we're prepared to deal with any situation that we see that could potentially lead to a situation like this,\" he said."
"The family of a missing teenager who was found safe and well on the run have called for the authorities to be held to account."
"The Department of Health has also said it will review its response to the latest report, which is due to be published in September."
"\"I think we've got to make sure that the people who are on the other side of this are on the other side,\" he said."
"But the reality is that the vast majority of Americans don't even know that they're living in a country with a \"deep \"seemingly racist history."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a good relationship, to have a good relationship,\" he said."
"The government said it would take a \"very, very long time \"to get the UK to a full EU exit."
"It's a good time to be a dad, and I'm not sure if it's a good time to be a mum."
"\"I don't want to be the only one who's been affected by this,\" she said."
"The first was a $ 3. 5 million gift to the Clinton Foundation from a private foundation, which was used to help Hillary Clinton win the election."
"The government has said it will not seek to change the law, but it will not take any action that would make it harder for people to get help."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares are down nearly 20 percent in the past year."
"It's a tough game to win but it's a good team to win and we're going to try to win it."
"The U. S. has long been a major player in the region, and the U. S. is now a major player in the region, too."
"It's a little bit of a joke, but it's not a problem for me, it's a problem for the game."
"The government has said the changes will save money by ensuring people have more time to make a decision about whether to get a new car."
"\"I have no doubt that this is a very serious matter and we will take appropriate action,\" the statement said."
"\"We have been told that the UK will leave the European Union and that the UK will remain a member of the EU,\" he said."
"The same is true for other parts of the country, including the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and China."
"It's not easy to be in a situation like that and then be on the losing side of things."
"\"I think it's really important that we get out of the EU, that we get out of the single market, that we get out of the EU and get on with our lives,\" he said."
"The state's attorney general's office said that the department was investigating the incident, but that no charges were filed."
"We've been in a relationship for a long time and I've always been very open to being in a relationship with someone."
"The new legislation will make it harder for people to find work, while also ensuring that employers are able to offer the same level of pay."
"The company said it had received \"a lot of interest \"from investors and was looking to expand its presence in the U. S. market."
"He said the government would be working with the private sector to ensure that the UK was a \"safe haven \"for refugees."
"The court heard that he had been at the club for about a month when he was approached by a man who was a member of a group of people who wanted to buy him a drink."
"The president- elect also promised to spend more on infrastructure, including $ 1. 2 trillion in new infrastructure spending over the next decade."
"But we are not going to sit back and say we are not going to do this, we are not going to do this, and we are not going to sit back and say that we are not going to do this."
"\"I have been in a lot of positions, and I know what it's like to be a player,\" he said."
"But there's also a lot of people who are not in the business and they don't have the experience to make a difference."
"\"We're going to take care of our business, and we're going to do it in a way that's fair and just,\" he said."
"In a statement, the company said it had been working with the authorities to ensure that the building was safe and that the incident was investigated."
"The group, which includes some of the world's most respected journalists, has been fighting for the release of the video."
"The last time a major U. S. presidential candidate was in a position to win a major party's nomination was in 1992."
"It is not clear if the police officer was in the area at the time of the shooting or if he was shot in the head."
"The company has been in the news recently for the way it has treated its customers and its own employees."
"\"I think it's a very important issue that we have to address,\" he said, adding that he would be willing to work with the U. S. government to address the issue."
"\"I think we're going to have to make some decisions about what we want to do with the rest of the team,\" he said."
"We have a long way to go, but we have the opportunity to win this game and we will."
"The number of people who are diagnosed with dementia in Scotland is at a record high, according to a new report."
"\"We are a country that's not in a recession, and we're not in a recession,\" she said."
"\"I think the only reason we're doing this is to save the lives of our soldiers,\" he said."
"\"We're going to make sure that we're not just going to get them to the polls, that we're going to make sure they're not going to be the nominee,\" Trump said."
"I'm not going to go into the details of what's going on here, but I think it's a good idea."
"The UK is one of the few countries in the world that does not recognise same- sex marriage, which is legal in the UK."
"\"The people who are not in the administration are not going to get a chance to vote for Donald Trump,\" he said."
"\"I think it's very important to have a strong, solid base of support, and that's what we're doing,\" he said."
"We have to work hard to get the best out of him and I think he is a very, very good player."
"The former secretary of state has been critical of Trump's plan to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border."
"\"I don't want to be a part of that,\" he said, adding that he had been looking for a new job."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace in three years."
"\"I don't know if that's the right word, but I don't think that's the right word,\" he said."
"I think we're going to have to go back and look at the evidence and make sure we're not going to let this happen again."
"\"I think it's important that we continue to talk about this and talk about this and talk about this,\" he said."
"The fact that I have been able to get this job over the last few years has been a huge boost to me."
"The Fed's policy- makers meeting in Washington on Wednesday is likely to be the last time the central bank meets in the United States."
"But that's not the case, and the only way to make sure that the people who voted for him are not forgotten is to have a referendum."
"I'm not sure I'll be able to do it all in one day, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it in the next few days."
"I was in the room when the news broke, and I was like, \"This is crazy,\" \"he said."
"The man is described as a black man aged between 20 and 30 years old, who was last seen at about 8: 30 p. m. on Monday, February 7."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to do this again,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The former president said he had \"no doubt \"that Russia was behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee, which was conducted by the Russian government."
"It's not the first time that the US has played host to a major tournament, with the first time being a US Open semi- final in 1992."
"I think it's important for the team to play better than we did last year and we did that last week."
"\"We have a great relationship with the people of the state of Texas, and we're going to work together to make sure that happens,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have been at odds over Syria for more than a year, but the talks have been delayed for a year, and Russia has been at odds with the Syrian government for more than a year."
"The problem is that it is not clear that the two- year extension is a good deal for the government."
"\"It's not just the size of the budget that matters, it's the quality of the work that goes into it,\" he said."
"\"The reason I was so upset was because I had a feeling that the whole thing was a joke,\" she said."
"It is a big game, but you have to be prepared for it, and I am very happy with the result."
"He said: \"We're not in a position to make a judgment about the quality of the work that's being done."
"The company said it expects to sell about 2 million of the vehicles in the first half of 2016."
"I don't know if they were aware of it, but it's been a long time since I've been here."
"I'm not going to say he's the best player in the world, but he's the best player in the world."
"The move comes amid growing concern that the country's health service could be in for a rough ride in the wake of the Zika virus outbreak."
"\"I'm going to make sure that our country is prepared to be a leader in the world,\" he said."
"\"We're going to make sure we make sure we have a plan in place to make sure that we're not going to have another tragedy like this,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen as much as 40 percent in the past year, but have risen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I have to be honest with you, I'm not even sure that I would have been able to go to a party,\" she said."
"He added that the company was still looking at ways to improve its service, but that it was \"not looking at the whole picture \"of its customer experience."
"I know that I'm not the only one who's been through this and I want to make it right."
"The fact that the two men are still in custody and there is no word on their fate is a shock to many."
"\"I'm not sure if there is a better person to lead the country than Donald Trump,\" he said."
"In a statement, the company said it had been in contact with the victim's family and had received information from the police."
"It's not a good way to go, but I think it's a good way to go for us."
"\"I think we've had a lot of good things happen in the last couple of days,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new scheme to ensure that people can get help for mental health issues."
"\"We are still working out the details but we are working on it,\" he said, adding that the project would be completed by the end of the year."
"It's a great feeling to be in the team and it's a great feeling to be part of a team that's going to be great for the rest of the year."
"The study found that people who were diagnosed with the condition were more likely to be diagnosed with the condition in the future."
"But I'm not going to go into it in terms of the level of the team, but I think it's a good group of guys."
"I don't think I can ever be 100 per cent sure that he will be able to play the game that we are playing."
"\"It's a big moment for us, because we've been playing a lot of good football,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what I would do with my life if I were to die,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about the size of your brain is the size of your brain."
"\"I am very proud to be part of the team and I am very excited to play with a group of players that I have been playing against,\" he said."
"\"The truth is that the Trump campaign is not a good campaign,\" he said, adding that he had no intention of backing off his decision to drop out."
"The issue of the EU referendum has been a major focus for the campaign, with many in the Leave campaign arguing that the vote to leave would be a vote to leave the EU."
"The issue is that the UK government is not in the business of negotiating trade deals with the EU, and the UK is not the only country that has been forced to accept free trade deals."
"\"We're not going to get a good deal, and we're not going to get a good trade deal,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how long it will be before I get a chance to play again,\" said the 29- year- old."
"\"The fact that I am doing this is a sign that we are going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department has said that the U. S. has no diplomatic relations with the Philippines and that the Philippines has no military presence in the U. S."
"I've got a lot of work to do to make sure that I'm not just one of the people who are going to be fighting for me."
"\"I was in the studio for about two hours, and I was like, \"I don't know what's going on."
"The government has said it will not allow the UK to exit the EU without the approval of the European Parliament and the Council."
"The British Medical Association has said it is \"deeply concerned \"about the \"grave damage \"to patients \"health caused by the closure of the NHS."
"The last two years have been a tough one for me, but I'm enjoying it and I'm happy with the way things are going."
"\"I have been doing this for a long time and it has been really good for me,\" he said."
"In the past year, the number of people who have died in the UK has risen by more than 100, 000."
"But he said that his client had been given the option to stay in the UK for up to three months and that the decision had not been taken."
"The court heard that he had been in the company of a man who had been arrested in connection with the murder."
"\"I think we have to make sure that we have the right people in the right places to help us get to the right place and the right people to get to the right place,\" he said."
"It's a shame because I've had a lot of success with my own music and I've always had a lot of success with my own music."
"\"The best way to help people is to make sure they have a job, and that they are well- paid,\" she said."
"The survey of 1, 000 people who were asked about their relationship with the world found that a majority (59 per cent) said they were happy with their relationship."
"The latest survey shows that more than half of people aged 16- 24 are now taking part in the survey."
"It's just a matter of time before we see this sort of thing happen again,\" she said."
"The Bank of England's first rate cut since 2009 was announced on Tuesday, and it is expected to be the first since the financial crisis in 2008."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the government has been very clear that they want to get the best possible deal for Scotland,\" he said."
"It was a tough time for us, but we were a good team and we could have won the league and we didn't."
"\"I think the fact that we're in this situation is a sign that we're not going to get any better,\" he said."
"The Democratic presidential candidate said she would do the same for Mr. Trump, saying the billionaire has a \"great deal of experience \"in the business."
"The Bank of England is expected to announce a new policy next month to boost the value of the pound against the dollar."
"He has been working hard to improve his game and that's what we're going to be focusing on."
"The more than two- year- old Zika virus has spread to other parts of the world and is spreading rapidly across the globe."
"He's one of the most important players in the history of the club, so we need to keep him."
"The first thing you have to do is get your head around it, and then you can move on to the next step."
"It's been a tough few years for me and I've had a lot of hard times in my life, but I'm happy to be here."
"The company's shares fell by nearly 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but they have since recovered to about $ 33. 80."
"I don't know if he'll get the job, but he's going to be a great coach and a great coach for the next four years."
"We're going to be looking at the next six months and we're going to be looking at a lot of different things."
"The company's shares were down 0. 6 per cent at $ 1. 27 on Wednesday, their lowest level in more than a year."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue, but it was unclear if any of the affected workers would be able to return to work."
"\"I think it's a very good example of the value of being in the community,\" he said."
"I'm not saying it's impossible, but it's going to take a long time for us to be able to get the right person."
"I'm not sure what they're going to do, but I'm not going to sit here and say it's going to be a lot easier."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act on the plan, which it said would cost it more than \u00a3 5 million."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide the necessary funding to tackle the problem, and the cost of the project has been estimated at $ 3 billion."
"But there's a lot of work to do, and I think that's why we're doing it."
"The family of a man who died in a car crash in Melbourne's south- west last year have been named."
"The prime minister's office said the government would not be making any public comment until the matter was fully investigated."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 50 percent since the start of the year."
"In the past, the company has said it would sell off its assets to avoid paying taxes, but the deal is the latest in a series of deals to leave the United States."
"I have been on a lot of different teams and I've played against some of the best players in the world."
"The Scottish Government has been criticised for failing to take in more than 1, 000 refugees and migrants who have arrived in the country since the start of the year."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm really pleased with the way the team has played and the way we've played."
"The fact that the car was still on the road and not moving was not a factor in the accident, he said."
"The most recent figures show the number of people who have been infected has risen by about 1, 000 in the last year."
"I don't know how many people have been killed in the past 10 years, but I think it's a very small number."
"\"I am very proud of my record, I am very proud of my record,\" Trump said in a statement."
"I think it's a good thing for the game, and I think we're going to win it."
"The government has said it will do whatever it takes to secure the UK's place in the EU, including through a referendum."
"We have a lot of young players who are ready to play and I'm sure they will be ready to play."
"The group, which has been at the centre of a row with the Government over its housing policy, has been criticised by the Home Office for its lack of response to complaints."
"The company has also been criticised by the US government over its handling of the sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a Republican governor in the White House,\" he said."
"I'm going to be really focused on getting the team right and I'm going to be really focused on getting the team right in the end, because I'm going to get the team right."
"The government has been trying to get the UK to take part in the talks, but has failed to get the government to agree."
"\"We're in the middle of a process that's going to take a long time,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a bad thing to be honest but I'm not sure it's a bad thing to be honest."
"\"The best way to ensure that people are safe in their own homes is to make sure that they are able to access the services they need,\" she said."
"The two men were arrested in July 2014, and later released on bail, but the pair were later charged with sexual activity with a child."
"The two men have been in a relationship for more than a decade, but they have not been able to have a child."
"I've never seen anything like it, and I'm very proud of the fact that I'm able to do this."
"\"The U. S. government is committed to working with our partners in the region to ensure that the U. S. government is able to continue to operate its international operations,\" the White House said in a statement."
"But I think it's important that we look at the facts and the evidence and the facts are clear that we can make a decision."
"\"I think there's a lot of people who are going to be disappointed, but I think we're going to be disappointed,\" he said."
"The number of people who are not in the UK legally has increased by more than a third since the Brexit vote."
"I think that's the way it should be, and I think we need to be very careful about what we say about it."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, as investors looked to recover from the disappointing earnings."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria since September 2014, and has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq since March 2015."
"\"We are not going to be able to have a system that is not working for our people,\" he said."
"But the government has not yet decided whether the new measures will be introduced in the coming months, or whether they will be implemented by the end of the year."
"The Scottish government has said it is considering a bid to get a Scottish referendum on the UK's membership of the EU."
"The city's mayor said the fire was contained and that the fire department was on scene, but no injuries were reported."
"The U. S. State Department said on Tuesday that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the attack."
"The company said it will focus on improving its online experience and will continue to focus on its online business."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be a good player, to be good at the game, to be good at the game,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not sure what he's thinking at this point."
"\"We are in a very difficult position,\" he said in a statement, \"and we need to work together to solve the problem."
"I think it's very important to me that we have a clear view of what's going on, and I think we need to be clear about what's happening."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for the club and the community to be involved in the process,\" he said."
"The company has a history of offering a wide range of products and services to the public, including its own stores."
"The U. S. military has said it has no intention of striking a Syrian government military position in Aleppo, but has said it is targeting a government position."
"\"I think that it's important that we're going to get the right people in the right places,\" he said."
"The most important thing is that we have a team that can do it, and that's what we're trying to do."
"\"The problem is that the government has not given us a clear idea of what is going to be the next step,\" he said."
"It's a great time to be a part of the club and it's great for me to be here."
"The first time I saw him I thought he was a bit of a joke, but he's a real good guy."
"It's the first time in the history of this country that a Republican nominee for president has won the popular vote without a significant number of white working- class voters."
"\"I was able to work with a lot of people in the past, and I'm very proud of that,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to be the guy that gets the ball, and I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that happens,\" he said."
"I think it's a great opportunity to show the world that we're not just a small country, we're a global organization."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent over the past year, and the company's net income is down by more than half since the company announced it was cutting costs."
"The first is that they are not just good for the environment, but for the people who live there."
"But the most important thing is to get the right balance of power between the two, and to do that we need to have a clear plan of what we're going to do and what we're not going to do."
"\"I think that's the most important thing for me, to be able to say, \"I'm going to be the one to do it,\" \"he said."
"It's not clear how many people were injured in the attack, but it's believed to be the first time in the U. S. since the Sept."
"The government's own figures show that in the last year, more than half of all new housing construction was in London, with more than half of all new housing being in the capital."
"The first thing I noticed was that the women were much more likely to be in the same class as the men."
"In the last few years, I've been able to do it in the last three years, so I'm really excited."
"\"The fact that we're in the process of building a new stadium, that's something that we're going to be looking at,\" he said."
