"If she does well in October, a new run of bad weather could throw some American women's soccer, men's tennis and men's soccer, Latin American men's basketball and women's golf all the way to the runner's medal."
"The advice was that leaving the EU would mean that the firm's profits would be cut by around one- third."
"I wouldn't say that anything I say in that stadium... is not the match for me but the match for the rest of the world."
"I didn't see that he was talking to me or anything like that, but I thought he was talking to all these girls, and I was pretty sure he was talking to each one of them."
"Because of her call for a ban on female teachers in science, he said he didn't think she would come out strongly against it."
"\"When I talked to the individual, a lot of the kids were angry,\" he says, referring to the father and son."
"But according to the official statistics, 23% of all Australian adults are currently employed in the region and 31% work in Sydney."
"In Italy, a rare movement of industrial and marine industries provides the reason to make plans for the expansion of new jobs."
"Since 2013, there have been two rounds of talks, the first at the Games, with China leading the way."
"The NBA's odds are in hand, at 7 in favor, and the odds of a 68 in favor on Dec."
"In 2016, he's showing that even in the rain he can still swing a bat really well."
"\"The German people felt that the government was putting the needs of the German people above the independence of the government,\" he said."
"Since the outbreak, a handful of doctors have been infected with the virus and have been given lives- instead of getting infected themselves."
"Those who live here are also driving up fees at the top end of the sector, which has more than double the cost of every other sector in London."
"With demand for its products still so high, it has recently made a point to become more representative of both the US and its own regions."
"He is as much an opponent of trade as any Republican- the only party president who ever did not worry about trade."
"Some 32, 000 civilians have been killed in the Mosul offensive, and at least 200, 000 more are in need of humanitarian aid."
"The meeting is set to take place in Miami and the official schedule has not been released for Wednesday, as originally reported by The Associated Press."
"It's not going to be a power- play here or there, it's just going to be a tough game."
"For me it was the same for Mike, but we've had a couple of opportunities here to get in the playoffs."
"Sanders holds a comfortable lead with roughly 50 percent, while Trump's 48 percent- his best chance at a majority comes with a near 3 percent lead."
"But at the same time, that's no secret about who we are and what we believe, and what we want in life."
"He has established a business- end- of- season marketing partnership with BBC Scotland to promote his show over the next three years."
"The pound has gained almost 6 per cent against the US dollar and the euro since the start of the year."
"You're saying that somehow it's really good for your sport, to play in something that has been sitting out for so long?"
"\"It's pretty clear I wouldn't have got the position if I was the one,\" he told a local news station."
"It is the middle- aged man, a 20- year- old and father of two who is the subject of an ongoing police inquiry."
"The party chose a man whose name appears on the bill, suggesting they were simply on purpose."
"We are in the position when you are only going to start going when you are down to 33 per cent on the week and you just want to get on with it and hopefully that will carry over into next year."
"But those at the lowest end of the scale must not have had the opportunity to live where they could afford it."
"In the same way that a bank takes half of your money and, as a result, you become part of a larger, larger global economy."
"To many, such a move would provide an opportunity for Moscow and Washington to work together to resolve the Syrian crisis."
"It was that last stage that voters went for him- that candidate with whom he had spent the vast majority of his adult life competing against in the primaries."
"It's hard to understand when you're getting around 70 per cent of your visitors from Asia."
"I am disappointed that the 3- 4- 2 system has been abandoned as soon as the changes have been made and many more will be required."
"I'll miss my family, but I have a long way to go, so I just can't really imagine taking anything for granted."
"I've got to get used to the training room so I can get in to that level and be a good fighter for this side of the division and that's my only priority."
"\"It was really important that I did not speak too much because they had come out from behind,\" she said."
"\"A friend of mine said that no matter what colour you are, you just can't help but put on a pop at your birthday party,\" he added."
"There is also another scenario- that there was a risk for President Obama's presidency, as a result of the rate of decline in the European markets."
"If you've ever looked at my image in print, you know that I'm all about the letters."
"'He was angry and frustrated at not being able to cope with her'with some of his friends saying it's not quite right."
"If you don't set a time, all you can do is work until you do that and then you're done."
"He is yet to arrive at full- time full- time and his son was born with two children, his wife and two children."
"But it's already, let me just say, a fantastic and wonderful time,\" she added as we held hands for the cameras."
"This was still below the 3% rate set in the April- June period, the lowest since the second quarter of 2008."
"It's not good for them to play, when they've got their numbers we all feel very good about them."
"\"We'd give it a try and see how it works out, but we wouldn't be happy with any,\" he said."
"\"The important thing about the gay lifestyle is you have to feel good, and to feel accepted,\" she told us."
"That win lifted his team to a 17- 4 record and set the stage for the playoffs and the return of regular- season wild- card hopes."
"Last week, Twitter launched a campaign to recover the tweets, accusing Clinton of \"spreading lies \"about her private server during her time as secretary of state."
"\"In the first quarter of this year, we started to understand that it was on the road for four quarters and had to jump a bit further,\" he said."
"\"There is no doubt about that,\" one member of the group told Reuters in an exclusive interview."
"The number of journalists covering events in Aleppo is estimated to be at least 5, 000, of whom only about 20 are journalists."
"The website also has a first- time membership fee of \u00a3 60, but can be charged as high as \u00a3 150 to a member who has signed up with the same party."
"He said: \"We need to spend this money on housing so we can provide for future generations and provide for our families, not just put those who are struggling right now, to buy a house."
"That has allowed us to put guys on the field right away and try to get them to perform as they need to."
"The charity's last best hope for a better life is still in need of supplies, and is so much more desperate."
"A spokesman for Northern Ireland Secretary Mike Jones confirmed the case to the BBC on Friday but declined to say whether an announcement would be made in the next few days."
"The clip, the first from the American Muslims, also comes ahead of Friday's planned Melbourne march which is being sponsored by the Australia- based \"We are Americans \"group."
"I'm doing well, but I don't know what will happen with this one,\" said the 74- year- old, who added: \"A lot of people say my driving skills are good but I've shown them that."
"But they all wanted the chance to come on- for no specific reason or money- and I think there were pretty much four or five white women in the room."
"As long as we continue to work to support a global infrastructure that works for everyone, we will continue to achieve our own great goals."
"\"The strike would also help remove some of the uncertainty, as this was the first time that these contracts have been signed since 2013,\" he told the news agency."
"He was less keen to call the summit as \"confidential,\" but the conference room was meant as a way of getting an update on the progress."
"\"The purpose of this work is to create jobs in the production of materials,\" the statement continued, and added that the army had taken every steps to help the Syrian people transition."
"As you approach Monday night's debate, I want you to know that we do have a lot of work to do in order to win the remaining primaries and I want you to know that the one thing that we did do in this primary was"
"In the March survey, 44 per cent of people said the Fed should act to keep rates near the near- zero level, down from 46 per cent in January."
"That's why we now have a 40- year deal, which means the deal will go through in 20 or 25 years."
"The quake occurred just a few hours after the parent city of Rio, where only 2. 8 million people are residents, suffered its largest earthquake in the western world."
"I want to be your mother, my husband, my teacher, my partner, but I just can't seem to take it easy when I go to that office."
"She added:'He is so strong, so sharp and I thought in that moment we would be ready for him."
"And you're going to be hit by whatever that means, which I don't think you ever will."
"As much as I wanted to be a singer, I want to be a little girl, so when you are a little girl, you are bigger than them and your mind is bigger than them."
"To all of the people out there out there, we feel we have been given the opportunity to speak our mind and move on."
"Of those, 48 per cent supported a pledge to drop the term \"Assad,\" of which 16 per cent supported it."
"'She says she's always been struggling with that one, so this is really close to where she ended up and where she began,' he said."
"You get away with it because you don't live in a club, but sometimes you have to live your life to get by."
"This time they tried to convince us that we must try to do more or we must quit, but we refused."
"But not one share did, giving Republicans the green light for a series of \"quiet but significant \"incumbent wins."
"The South Korean pop star said her father was being held by authorities in Japan and she wouldn't be able to go there as soon as she went to Tokyo last month."
"In 1999, the club elected a new chairman, Michael George, who joined the club from 1999- 2001 and appointed another African- American board member, Bill Evans."
"But most important, one- hit wonder who came first: Dylan, when he wasn't playing-- his mother or, possibly, another male relative."
"But most of the time, you're not going to get better, because we are still doing everything that we can to keep up with the best people."
"\"I didn't plan to do a job that we were happy to do at the end, because in many ways, I didn't want to end up working here,\" she said."
"\"If you go back, the first Christmas of the SNP was a golden opportunity to see Scottish independence,\" he says."
"One person killed and at least seven others wounded in the car bombing near a school in eastern Aleppo have been reported to have been injured by blast."
"There's not too much pressure and I've been training pretty hard to get back to my best level at the moment."
"It was a goal, but he obviously had a lot of strength, so the big swing gave us the two- goal advantage."
"It is hoped this weekend the window could close, with signs that Italy could play in the World Cup against a major international, which no other nation is offering."
"The drugs to control the condition are far more expensive, have a higher failure rate, and can last for months or even decades."
"And I think that when you've got a team, you've always got that belief that that is the best opportunity."
"We haven't seen the kind of track we've seen in Chicago in the last two years, so it's not a surprise at all."
"The 23- month- old was taken to a hospital after the shooting, while his wife and son were taken to a nearby hospital."
"A spokesman for the governor said: \"This is an issue that I think voters have to get behind and we'll be keeping an eye on as we work on it with the Transport Department."
"It has been a long time coming, and we are going to bring this town to life and see how it feels to live here."
"While officials remain optimistic that the plant's findings, and initial technical studies, will be successful, they acknowledge there's still more to learn."
"More than 3, 000 workers are still out in the country- well above the nearly 5, 000 that were coming in this week."
"Since the shift, West Yorkshire Police said an ambulance was called to the spot, but it was too late."
"As a trade union leader, I'm not doing a whole lot about creating those jobs."
"They asked me for an apartment because I wanted to do some stuff that they were not comfortable doing."
"There were multiple such cases across Europe between 2005 and 2015, most recently in Switzerland, France and Germany."
"It isn't just practical-- he's a great golf player who has been very creative and sometimes great in his ideas."
"We have to come to an agreement so we can reach a deal on a different deal and everything will go through the system on its own, without intervention."
"And if we think of an older version of this, the idea that a supermarket's owner will always shop for something, that's not who we are."
"In the aftermath of the race for president, Trump has said, America's manufacturing workforce is too good for the United States."
"But they've decided to look at everything and do it out of the blue, rather than just trying to figure out what worked and what didn't."
"The first group of Syrian refugees who arrived in Australia had returned to their home countries and stayed in the care home until they came back."
"The report is due to be published next month in a report on gender equality by the Swedish Academy."
"In the post, he says the group responded to angry comments made on Facebook and other social media after opening a gift shop in the house."
"We don't have the same issue with the Americans and the Chinese as we do with the European Union because that's a European issue and I have a different issue with them."
"As if the only part of his life that hadn't been written about was a relationship."
"The trust comes out of the various unions that have come together in the last three years to support peace and development in the region, and has stood firm on this."
"They went down at 5- 0 and 0- 0 against England, they're a one- match team and I don't think they will come back."
"The league has been dominated by the natural migrants in the Netherlands, Italy and France, who share France's desire for soccer's next generation to embrace hard work, integrity and passion."
"That is something that is still very much in play but it is not illegal in the sense of a criminal act."
"What I found particularly interesting about this figure was that it was a man's view rather than a woman's view."
"It is not clear how any of them would describe it, but it is possible they would be made to feel as though they were about to fall in."
"He was holding his truck at the time and a police officer who was in the car saw it just before the crash and pulled him out of the car."
"I don't care about hearing about someone else's children and we're just going to come home now."
"With January's wind, combined with October's we have that all of a sudden become cold enough for us to see things very clearly."
"The Republican front- runner described himself as a \"great, great guy \"but also someone who may be somewhat too big for what it takes."
"I'm going to give my full support as I continue to go through this process and I do wish him and his family the very best."
"All the charges and evidence that they have presented to the court, they will most certainly look at all of this."
"Hillary Clinton on Tuesday warned that those voting for her in November would \"fight for every vote,\" especially those who aren't Trump supporters."
"It's what if all of the stuff that's going on around him has no impact on his film education and whatever he looks like, he doesn't know."
"He became a private citizen in 1997, and was allowed to vote on issues, including gun control, but he insisted that he could not vote for a nominee at the convention."
"The markets were up 2. 5 per cent on news that Labour would be speaking to the EU on Thursday."
"The government should provide our social justice- taking a hand- off to workers who go on strike and against the decisions of unions who are forced to strike."
"I have a great family and friends and the English language isn't really my cup of tea- it's one of the few things that helps me to understand everything."
"When I came back in, with this wonderful atmosphere, I felt completely at home. I'm quite grateful to see so many people and so many art institutions in Scotland."
"I think it's important for the country to do everything we can to try to stop such terrorists coming here."
"On his evening walk through, the 29- year- old made clear he wasn't saying \"no \"to any other players."
"We're not going to make another decision until we are determined, based on what happened at the end of the trial, to have no further information available to us or to people in that field about what happened on that night or other things that"
"He did not speak with reporters Tuesday about the tragedy, but stressed that the hotel staff was doing their best to provide a safe and comfortable place for him to stay and to be able to eat."
"A longtime state and federal law enforcement official, Miller served two years as chief of the U. S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms."
"Before he killed himself, Johnson was known to get into trouble, police said, and there was no danger to his wife or children."
"The best thing for me would be to go home and have some fun with my friends- they seem happy to have me around."
"The worst moments happen to those closest to you and how you've dealt them might not be an exact science."
"Many feared the party of Trump, and his chance of beating Hillary Clinton, in the White House, could end in defeat."
"\"You go all the way back to the beginning to say that they aren't getting what they need for their housing,\" he said."
"The Obama administration argued that even without the order, immigration enforcement agents would still be able to target suspected terrorists in several different ways: by targeting the men they suspected of violent crime."
"Her one- point plan, for instance, would put more money on the table to ensure the money spent through infrastructure was well spent."
"He said: \"It's been a very difficult couple of weeks, but I am very excited about the challenge ahead."
"Police want to speak to anyone who saw an armed man in the street around 10: 30 a. m."
"With an NHS general practice contract to run for another three years, Cook will have to provide extra staff if he's to keep his job."
"He added: \"He was to become his own dad, not from us- he was my father and me and from me a very special son."
"\"I would like to see more young people realise that not everything is wonderful, there is a whole lot to do,\" she said."
"We knew we could get a win but had three bad runs before the half and we might have got into it."
"The show will keep people updated on the latest developments- like when it will be delivered on and when it will stop- and how it will move forward."
"An eight- year- old girl who disappeared for the first time last year has been found alive, authorities say."
"If it's not due in the next couple of months then it is almost certain that someone will be killed in this incident."
"Her high school beauty class had painted the floor lines that had fallen into place for how to break through the impossible."
"It's what has been going on for the past three years and what a success it will be."
"The public prosecutor is still handling the investigation, but the case is not clear and the family is asking for the criminal justice system to help."
"I hope that if we get the chance to reach those big, significant goal, we will reach it."
"U. S. crude finished up $ 1. 28, or 3. 7 per cent, higher after its Monday session."
"He's older than us, so this is great, it's the same old story- a win at this level."
"It did not make sense to us to make such statements, to choose any place to send our troops and I also have faith that we can control our borders and protect our national security with Europe."
"With Johnson changing places he has been forced to play against one of his most prominent players in new- and less well- known, defender Patrick Roberts."
"The United Nations estimates that at least 100, 000 people have been killed, according to World Food Programme estimates."
"You would have a thought that every candidate across the board was upset and then you'd have this shift in your own opinion."
"While on the pitch, he regularly walked and picked up loose ball in his sleep, and he had trouble in the early stages."
"It's something that we feel it is an opportunity to take out more of it on board as well as give the right players who have had a fantastic career to confidence and try to be more consistent."
"My husband is extremely keen to do double stuff, and is in touch to confirm that we're going to see him within four weeks."
"The proposal was a significant effort by Washington to block legislation that would have advanced some of Mr. Obama's climate policies."
"I was not pleased, but I am not happy with myself, and there is a big part to that in my fitness."
"In other words, if you have to pay a premium, whether you are working in an office park or a branch office, you might not get anything for nothing."
"It was just one of the areas of St. Louis I think that needed some maintenance,\" she said."
"Since then, his only customer has been Trump, a newly created independent candidate who hasn't received much support."
"\"I really feel like there is a wealth of knowledge in this organization... It's not clear what all of it is,\" he said."
"Now, in this stage of our lives, people are dying- mostly of heart failure- and not always of substance abuse, of a rare disease."
"A third woman was with the man, and another woman was in the house, with a third woman near the home."
"A plane carrying nearly 1, 000 migrants was shot down by a Syrian government jet in northern Syria."
"Her team, the most recent of which was sent to trial in Italy, said their plan was to spend the rest of her life behind bars."
"The victim said he was supposed to take the couple's five children to Africa to collect a glass of water from a garden shed, but the pair had stopped the boat when the explosion took place."
"A win for Gordon for the first time would certainly add a relatively comfortable fifth place in Australia."
"\"As a coach you want to create energy for this game, you want to create a feeling of feeling good, of confidence,\" he said."
"Every state- by- state effort has to compete in the number of delegates needed to ensure a victory."
"On the back of his high street plot, the fate of the program appeared to be in its sixth week of operation."
"\"We want to get them to it and see what we can do to help them be responsible and make money and do the right things,\" he added."
"\"He's made some amazing women who are so committed that he's been able to bring them out,\" she said."
"And I'm hopeful that my memories will never be just that- memories, too, of what America was like back then,\" he said."
"In 2003, he was appointed deputy chairman of the party's executive committee, a position he left in February, 2013."
"The white or low- income voting population, generally white men, are 4. 7 million, up from 4. 1 million in 2006."
"I didn't know if it was the bathroom but it was a really dark room but the windows were right in front."
"It is expected that new baby centres will be added at the current two as the population of existing baby centres continues to decline."
"She did not name the offenders, but insisted she had only been called out to a local club after her illness and not to the ACT school."
"To have people put out there who are just having a good time and maybe the company isn't paying enough people for what they produce, it is all about, like, where do I go to when I need my water?"
"They added: \"We will again continue to provide recommendations and make a progress towards that progress by investing in innovation, for example in talent training."
"People need to know that the politicians we know and love... believe in one another, whether they are British or not."
"When it comes to defending the legacy of history and his legacy, Donald Trump always seems more present and ready to go."
"I'm not going to lie and say I don't have a great deal of respect for Kelly that I've known for the past several years."
"That's when we started to turn to teaching them about co- operation and so you start to feel very welcome and really understanding."
"In response, they tried to spend as little of their time on Facebook as possible, but since they didn't like each other's faces, they decided not to post."
"There's a good chance he could be given a second sentence, but for now he's the sort of child that someone like me wouldn't want to see in prison."
"Trump and his supporters see the need to ease some of the visa restrictions that have been imposed by the United States government."
"Still, the council can't help making Trump and his supporters sound more like ordinary people than the country we call home."
"Not just being around people who love you, I know those things are not going to die with me."
"The mother and daughter were told to keep their hands off the baby because she could not survive with her weight, the court heard."
"It said: \"In light of the recent events in Scotland and Northern Ireland we have called for action to be taken to protect marine life."
"And so, it was not right for Donald Trump to label certain groups on the basis of their support for ISIS."
"They came from every league in Europe and I am happy they came back to the States and I wish them well."
"About a week later, he told his lawyer to prepare for trial: \"The case is over,\" he said in court."
"You can pay \u00a3 250 for a one- off trip, but you can go free if you book two- way."
"This is due to the fact that in its last full year, there was almost nothing for the public to ask for or receive."
"Because of the relatively poor review process, a question on my Chinese friends page must never be asked for in this field."
"One of the girls, who is in her early 20s, told Reuters that she had been there three times, trying to get in contact with her."
"I have to say that if I were to fly my own, I don't believe I would do it."
"Since 2014, people are changing their income status, and what we call \"lower \"has been the most widely used."
"We would want to look at this and see what the circumstances are in our country and the government would have a strong response."
"The poll, taken from March 21- 22, had Cruz up by nine points and Kasich up by two, with Trump getting 33 percent of the vote, down five points from March."
"\"In my family, we have been through multiple trials, and we've all seen how difficult it can be to get justice,\" she said."
"A source told the Mail on Sunday: \"Police will be asked to provide a short statement and a statement of evidence as part of the inquiry."
"An initial trial will take four months to complete, the company said in a statement Tuesday."
"She was particularly struck by the wealth of some of those who'd lived with her in the years since their marriage."
"You can buy it now- but it will last for a long time, or you can buy it on the side and see the weather forecast and see what we can do to keep the price down."
"How he walked away with it-- it shows he's a hard- working man who has a lot of energy, and of course comes across that way."
"In the past, customers were offered free use of each device for one year but for the first six months last year, charges increased by one per cent."
"We're a long way off or we might have lost three games but we have to go and make sure that we perform well against a challenging match."
"He had broken so many records on the evening, and even better, he'd win the nation's largest selection in college football history."
"It did seem he got a lot of that if it did start a line of heat, and I didn't know that."
"\"It was one of the worst experiences I've ever had, especially because the response has been great,\" he said."
"We looked back at that because we think we could really make a difference in their life and how they see the world and life has a role to play."
"At the peak of their popularity, he described it as a \"once in a million chance \"experience for people to see \"before they had any idea what they were going to be living for."
"This is an advanced player with a fantastic average last season and he's a different type of player now and a different type of player again."
"It's important for the Senate, but it's important for Obama's legacy as well-- because that's what the nation needs."
"\"I'm always looking for ways to take advantage of those areas, and to do that in different ways,\" she said."
"The fire was set at a fuel station at 11: 45 a. m."
"It was in the right place and it gave me time to think more about our future and the difficulties that lie ahead."
"But that's going to be a large part of the plan and it will cost the Treasury more than \u00a3 6 billion each year."
"The FBI is currently in the process of conducting an internal investigation into the deaths, though it's unclear at this point what the cause of the deaths is."
"'Now all of a sudden they're making a lot of money off the profit that they're making off the demand that there is somewhere they can go to,' he said."
"Trump, for his part, argued that Obama had been guilty of \"a crime against the American people \"before he won the election."
"I hope to be the only woman ever elected to office and in a position of power, and to work towards the future of equality and human rights."
"\"The fact that I'm saying that you're behind me, that I'm hiding behind, we're not right for you to be thinking about that,\" she said."
"The authors add that of the three million people who stayed on the market for six weeks, around one in five did so because they simply wanted to be on the early- childhood support list."
"At least six people were killed on Wednesday as violence broke out in the south of the country where civil defence workers, government officials and trade unions are working."
"\"I've told him that my son and daughter were on the hospital bus and I brought them out to come with us,\" Smith said."
"If the country were in the EU, the assets would remain in EU control- as well as being able to continue to act as UK companies, the state was warned."
"She said that when the child was in the back of a van, the driver and passenger were not injured, and said they all had only minor wounds."
"When I was 18, I walked out on my parents and brothers and sisters to play games and play in parties."
"\"You're always trying to get your way ; it's hard sometimes,\" he said of his presidential campaign."
"The first and last three games are divided into three points and that's pretty clear ; it's the Cubs doing very well."
"The FBI requested a news conference for the woman but failed to do so, her lawyers said."
"He said: \"We all look forward to the day when the people who created this amazing mountain and their own history will see the site returned to the original status it once held."
"In another video posted online, one man- who cannot be named- can be seen using the knife to defend himself."
"What we want to see is getting it to the level that it needs to be by the end of this term."
"They had less important family affairs and the only time they could be together was at a hotel dinner."
"How many more must they suffer to win the title, and what their contribution to the game is going to be?"
"\"I have big business and they've really given me great support,\" said President Barack Obama, who is running for re- election in 2008."
"They are the greatest player I know in the world and have dominated the team for a long time."
"But our main focus is our manufacturing sector and it is going to remain an export sector and it is an opportunity for China."
"The terrorist group has reportedly claimed responsibility for the attack in Mosul, Iraqi- held in northern Iraq, and sent hundreds of people to join in the assault."
"A van driver who drove a car across the street at a rush hour may have died, a police official has said."
"\"If anyone had any questions or concerns I would say (or is) appropriate for the club,\" said the England manager."
"The group did not report the amount or percentage of the money they received but acknowledged that they received a total of $ 5. 21 million."
"We don't expect too much of myself and my role with him, but if anything comes along then it's because he is in the squad for something."
"It's a real shock when you look back- especially if you know you missed it- but you never know when it's going to come to life again."
"But the situation there is even worse, with Turkey effectively shut out from the bigger world of development while most of its young, educated, educated, educated, educated, new- born generation are also coming from outside of the country."
"A lot of politicians are absolutely thinking about what the next one of us will be, they don't realise how limited their options are."
"\"It's easy to get the opposition to believe it's all going to hell, so they'll take their chances, and they're not going to get caught up in trouble,\" he said."
"\"What I have said, no doubt, and will continue to say, is that America is stronger in Europe than it has been for many, many years,\" Clinton said."
"At a party rally, one man told the crowd that his daughter had been assaulted at a party in Sydney a week ago and that she hadn't attended the party."
"Some of them who have grown up abroad- born and raised here- they all have been interviewed."
"He only travelled to Washington with his daughter, Eve, in late June, as the couple had been planning for the decision to move."
"The fourth major disaster in four years in northern France and a strong sign of the country's confidence that it can resolve its budget deficit problem."
"\"As you get better in your balance, the more you get into the energy,\" he said."
"It will be the first time a Hollywood production has been attached to a U. S. president and has not even been shown in cities around the world."
"Although some of the workers were old enough to have taken jobs in the industry, most were employed in fields that are not listed, such as construction, computer engineering and more."
"For a long time the owners had bought out the district and operated it as a private school, like other public schools."
"Last week Mr Campbell made headlines after he claimed Jeremy Corbyn's election as leader was a'happy accident ', with both candidates saying they intended to campaign for a Leave vote."
"Trump's victory marked a rare split of the political left in New York, with the biggest margin coming in Philadelphia- a divided black electorate."
"Both sides want that debate to start at the UN, for now, after the vote by the Security Council in favor of a resolution this year."
"I'll keep pushing myself and getting better, but the thought of where it's going, where I need to go, that's what's going to make me think about this game."
"But then, you might lose the service, or your property is replaced by something you don't want to do."
"Both sides say they are already planning to build a small golf course but that the cost of the project is likely to be closer to $ 2 billion."
"For one, it's a special opportunity, as special a way of getting a statement at that moment in time."
"\"I'm confident they're going to work well, but I know I will come back and go again,\" she added."
"In a recent telephone conversation, he said that despite previous complaints, the company's workers kept their compensation complaints secret."
"The move has sparked renewed interest in the field, with the field conducting its own poll in support of Mrs. Clinton to show who she thinks will be her nominee for President in 2020."
"\"I didn't really want to give up at all- it's just that I didn't feel like I had to,\" she said."
"It does suggest that the Islamic State may have access to high- profile military personnel who are not known to be in the United States or around the world."
"And it's clear from his exit interviews that he'd rather be running the show in a way that doesn't appeal to many men and women in Trump's base."
"On Sunday the star told her followers: \"I'm not even talking about a second date in 2018."
"In the wake of her decision, she said she'd made some terrible choices- especially the way she wrote about herself."
"So far so normal, but it's become an issue that got all the characters engaged."
"She has been trying to contact them, trying to find out where they are, looking for information, so she has kept on trying to contact her family."
"The letter, from an attorney for George's Development, details details of a variety of issues, such as the company's ability to pay child support and whether it's required by state law."
"The four- year- old isn't afraid to express himself, so he'll display his beautiful British style in next Saturday's clash."
"President Obama plans to meet Thursday with Cuban president R. to discuss U. S. interest in Cuba, State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Robinson said."
"The Democratic vice presidential nominee, former Secretary of State and 2016 vice president- elect Mike Pence, responded to the leaked tape saying the tape was a \"disaster \"and accused Trump and his allies of being behind the email scandal."
"His main priority is the nation's failure to allow the displaced people and their children to live in peace, without violence, despite the threat of the ongoing war."
"If she does go to bed at night it can be one of those times when you're actually on the move and it's more about doing a thing."
"But it wasn't until eight years ago that she learned about the condition that she began to feel it."
"As for your position on the EU's security policy, does it still matter that you support Brexit or the two major parties'jobs programme?"
"There are different levels of performance- but they will probably both be higher than what they earned in college."
"In a special vote over three days, 73 of America's largest banks voted against the economic team's resolution to impose a regulatory review of Wall Street."
"\"At the same time, the president said that, and people who support Trump said it's not their party's war,\" Obama said."
"We have a great opportunity to play in this Olympics, to compete on the biggest stage in the world, and to win gold."
"However, it is a situation that we can't control, and I think that is why a lot of people think he will end up on the bench."
"Though the journey is now concluded, some of the parents are in hospital, possibly to seek treatment in the next few weeks."
"The result? A few inches between the left and right faces, even where they were used to apply a helicopter's power lines."
"In his home state of New Hampshire, Trump's lead is 10 points over the Republican front runner."
"It will be fun- to play nice, get away, do things the way you want to do things, and then find the balance you want."
"I felt like it was the longest we had ever played together, and so I knew I needed a bit of help."
"For me, everything about who I am as a woman is a big deal, it's how I am and that's something that I try to avoid."
"A Fox News poll released Monday said that Clinton holds a 7- point lead over Trump in Nevada- and that Cruz leads her by 4 points."
"I think about it a lot, do I need to say why did we have to divorce?"
"\"The problem is that I didn't make it because I didn't have the ability, so I didn't have the confidence,\" he said."
"I'm really proud that I've helped him play the way he did so well this year."
"\"This is about the strength of our party, it's about what party leadership can do for the country,\" Rubio said."
"It was only once they have the honour of opening a new era that they'll be able to do that again."
"\"We understand this is going to be an extremely hard game for him, but he has to look for himself, he has to show more speed, his footwork, his shoulder to get back to the ball,\" Williams said."
"The preliminary results of a National Health Service- funded vaccine project are in its third year, but have not been published."
"\"There is a long- term economic impact on people who choose to stay in the area because of the fire's toll,\" he said."
"Only a handful of members of Congress had served in such a capacity, he said, but they were the ones who may take the blame for anything that might happen."
"She may be feeling she has lost her voice, or she may be feeling that she has lost the voice of the one thing she loved the most."
"While Murray has won more events than any other player to date in the history of the tournament, he has lost fewer events than any other player at any other time in the history of the tournament."
"\"The poor women were much more likely to be raped, of course, but I would not say that they did anything wrong,\" she said."
"He has even turned it down to take a break from TV during his writing, but there is no telling how long he might be out of the picture."
"The U. S. administration said on Thursday that the strikes in Libya were probably aimed at increasing the chances of a political transition in Syria."
"'They didn't tell me that they're letting me out because I just didn't listen to them."
"I used to go into a lift and the closest thing to a new place to fall in the world is a New York real estate market."
"There is enough time for two weeks- or less- and they are meant to be hit up in many cases by the same hotel."
"With no woman or man in the room, Bailey decided to press ahead with the fight ; she stood a few feet from the door in the middle of it."
"He said: \"Some critics see him as more moderate and some others simply see him as the guy who can fix our finances."
"He said he had met some of the prime ministers and foreign ministers of the region but could not reach them for comment."
"Only days after the election, he received a phone call from a woman he'd told was a friend."
"This week, the anti- corruption movement seized on what it sees as a radical line- up in order to further their cause."
"\"It's something I think that they're going to have to do a lot of careful thought in the next two weeks,\" he said."
"The Rams were desperate to send an offensive signal of intent before half- time to determine who the starting running back was, and decided to go with the special teams because they have quality cover and should be able to kick all 24 field goals."
"Last week, Mr. Cruz had decided to work with him in a race he had nearly lost."
"One of the people I saw was a man who felt in his heart that he loved the game, that he wanted to do something really great."
"That is, they try to figure out what is the best way to get cash, which is particularly hard, if not impossible."
"But then they should understand that you have to take something to face and think you are going to win it."
"This means she could become a first- choice candidate or a forced third- choice if she was to take this step."
"My four sons have been involved in every step of the development process, but as soon as you come to the end of the road and the road starts, you get stuck."
"The boys who play on it also have confidence, because we have the bodies we have and we go into the game confident."
"More than half the schools in the group's research have been turned away over the last five years."
"I believe that instead of spending too much, we should spend more at a time when we all can exercise the power of our mind."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have the ball but just about everyone talks about it is a long way from Glasgow."
"If you're an agent or another attorney working on behalf of an agent, please be advised that all interest earned or contributed through the agent's name or other clients \"names will not be included in this material."
"But you're now starting to see these tiny games go off- the- screen, and I'm back at the game itself."
"So that's what I do: I try to improve my game, and it just didn't work."
"When I got there I was just so desperate that I went back to reading and writing- when I go back to looking at photographs."
"It will be the first time that the UK will mark the decade- long anniversary of the Second World War."
"To do that in New York, you're going to be putting your own skin in the game, and I think we have the biggest and best chance to do it this year."
"Still, when he was first arrested in August 2012, he appeared in court wearing the size of his head and said the matter should never have been filed."
"Still, these challenges are not going to make up for some of the critical differences between Democratic and Republican voters."
"By trying to tell us what happened to her, she made herself feel guilty, a crime, and got away with it."
"The government- owned company said it expected its total share price to fall to around 17 percent by the end of the year, from 14 percent in 2012."
"Meanwhile, a vote this week to recall President Obama could signal a new split among Republicans about the future of the party's governing."
"She explained that her anxiety was not at the level of illness and being able to get her medication would make it worse."
"But sometimes people come to our offices and say,' That is your boss ', and then they leave and leave again."
"The president added that he would not be at the table in the current presidential election- and as he put it, he's \"on the edge of hell \"by any stretch."
"The England forward said: \"It was a huge blow and I want the fans to remember how it affected me."
"Her campaign sent out an angry note to people Monday night in response to news of her campaign's latest results."
"They wanted me to go out and look at them so that I would not see the abuse I am under."
"And on Tuesday morning a lot of the sports room was full of reporters with families gathered in front of the White House."
"\"We need to be focused on delivering our vision of what the future will look like in a sustainable economy and how we do that,\" she said."
"\"A lot of our characters are struggling to establish themselves but there's no way this is happening to them,\" he said."
"\"I just love it and I'm so excited to finally be trying to do something that I've never done before,\" he said."
"Despite the damage, she's excited to see them again as a trio of big- name producers will perform."
"The question in Australia is where do the patients get the information, and is it taken for granted that those are many different hospitals."
"We had the need to be ready, as an opponent, but we had to get a deal done and show how committed we were to giving ourselves the opportunities we needed."
"At that point you're very likely to see a great deal of information [ from such sites ], but particularly material that is quite relevant to contemporary American history."
"The 25- year- old also wrote a post to social media explaining how the incident occurred and warning others not to go near the sea ice."
"I didn't think much of the comments and couldn't imagine that it was such a waste of money, especially in the third quarter."
"It's a familiar claim, and one that has been repeated almost daily at the Democratic National Convention this year."
"Some have told me to stop saying it and I don't want to change the conversation at that point."
"And when you're being talked up as being a change- maker, the rhetoric and the rhetoric of policy and talk about who you have now and who you don't want to be, is really to do away with what you really believe,"
"This would be our last good Christmas present, and now I feel I'm finally getting a decent one."
"The situation has been unprecedented for this small town with no natural resources, the only people on this continent."
"President- elect Donald Trump has dismissed a Washington Post story that he would not be a member of the current Chinese, South Korean and Japanese leadership."
"\"If you are disappointed, don't tell him,\" she said, \"that's no way to live."
"\"I've got a lot of support from people in New York who have voted for me, and that's the most important thing,\" he said."
"The bridge that lies just above it, but actually only at ground level, makes for a good bridge."
"To be fair, the PM did say it was now too soon for him to rule- that is his job."
"I think at the time he was the general, he understood who was in charge of the regime in Syria."
"Since the start of the strike in August, the organisation has reportedly been split between two teams of doctors: one focusing on train operations, and one looking at medication and ambulance treatment."
"\"I've always believed in putting in good performances but I can't take the show at this level,\" he added."
"The politicians took the case to the European Court of Justice in the High Court, which heard on Thursday June 14."
"I'm really happy because I know she has people around her that are coming to help her, but she hasn't asked for it."
"It could have been any day now but we feel like we've got a lot of time to go and win the game."
"In February 2014, he was killed in an attack on a military base in Pakistan, and the following year he was caught driving without the appropriate license plate."
"I just thought maybe there is a way to tell the story and see this movie as it is happening."
"\"It's not like you can just walk in and say I'm not going to start there,\" he said."
"In fact, the government must have some kind of good reason to keep them at high security."
"I think, if I had the opportunity, I'd probably go ahead and do it, because it would have saved my life."
"He said he will examine a small number of federal agencies and could not guarantee the total number of staff affected would be reduced."
"The remaining 19 people on the bus are believed to be French citizens who arrived with a plan to travel to Calais."
"More than 100 species of birds, including hundreds of dogs, were killed over the course of a year in a wildlife operation."
"'I'm also hoping to play a part in him getting a job, I hope he's the right one to talk about that."
"\"The low- carbon way to drive things seems to have failed in two parts of the past,\" he says."
"\"This doesn't reflect my view on asylum seekers, other than that they're human people, they are entitled to protection,\" she said."
"In Florida, Sanders visited Trump about four times in the last two months of the race, including once just days before Florida's primary."
"It's also been the summer's biggest shake- up in the Bank of England's stock market."
"It is a big game, even a big game if you are playing at a small stadium, because now you are in the Champions League."
"On Saturday, the banks conducted a series of short- term deals to recover funds from bad loans."
"He also appeared on Fox News this morning and told members of his family to \"put some distance between us and this family,\" according to the Fox News affiliate."
"He said one person in the room with his daughter was playing video games and that he is not a politician."
"In response to the plea she has said she only received death threats, because she knew that was the outcome."
"The ability to change the current way of doing things when it's the best way to do things- I think it's our challenge as a family."
"We've been very clear in the past 10 days and I think that the US will leave that door open to other countries who can contribute and say what they want."
"All I wanted was for my family to come out and love my family, and hopefully I've given them the strength to do so."
"It is part of the \"final analysis \"of any plan that the Government has for how to do it."
"The only man on the four- man European Open team who has not appeared in one of the 32 games is Andy Murray."
"To reduce those emissions, Canada should develop a partnership with European nations to tackle the underlying causes of the current situation."
"But it still creates risk that would get worse with widespread drop- out from a large middle- class family, the study says."
"\"He's a smart guy and a good guy, and I'm pretty sure he's going to help us win games like we won tonight,\" Ryan said."
"You will find plenty of years of young people with what they want and can take it but they will want to take a risk."
"It's a year of success and every state and territory has already provided funding for it, but it's a big, big ask."
"The BBC's Brexit editor says Theresa May needs to take steps to avoid a second referendum in June and if it's successful there will be pressure on her to take steps again to ensure a vote is on the side of a UK government."
"The game has set the tone for the Labour party, and that's why it's essential to start learning as soon as possible."
"Russia has urged Washington to stop the flow of goods to and from Syria, which it said has a high death toll, as long as humanitarian efforts are continued."
"At least one person was injured in the attack, according to local media and a suicide bomb blast which was also believed to have been an attack by two men."
"I believe in the club and want to get my hands on the players that can help my development as a player."
"The Star was looking forward to a five- day stretch at Florida's maximum temperature with all the fan traffic happening in less than a half- hour."
"\"I didn't think he would be here the last week, but I know how important it is,\" he said."
"Mr Sanders will turn 65 on Thursday, becoming the oldest US senator to accept the nomination at the Democratic National Convention."
"The bus's driver refused to offer her a lift, as she was too busy with other kids to talk to her and insisted on going the second floor."
"A few major brands began a campaign to stop early ballot access, including Apple and Google, with a request that companies request that their early ballot systems be checked."
"They're doing better than they used to, but the opposition still score less goals than in their last two games."
"I need to get used to it and I'll leave it in there and have a look at it next time we play."
"She said: \"I went to work in June last year, we went to the conference and took the train, a year later I was given a call by a coach to come over for her appointment."
"It is too soon to tell which one is going to be harder to deliver but we think it is likely to be No."
"The announcement was a bit surprising, given it was later revealed that Moore and a part of him will not be returning to the show after all."
"When he's reached with an answer, he's usually happy, although sometimes that could lead to problems."
"In fact, she's coming to Britain with her two children, the youngest in six months and the youngest ever to spend time with a disabled person."
"I think after that I've realized it can be an opportunity for change and that, I think, more people understand it than fear."
"He also is said to be in a state of shock over the fall in the value of the pound since its dramatic collapse in September 2014."
"The practice, which is expected to hit 1, 400 passengers in 30 hours, is in effect on ice in New York."
"Although the American election has begun and the referendum is over, everything we want is still up in the air- more work than we can do."
"I've been to the stadium twice and don't remember anything that you haven't seen or seen in the AFL this year."
"Because it has become clear that all the very real damage that has been done to him has happened, he must now come to terms with his past."
"The United Nations said on Tuesday it had identified more than 3, 000 people who were \"in a critical state \"in Mosul."
"\"For me the fight now is to learn to play with the ball, to have a long career and go out and fight,\" Jones said."
"That's why in many cases, he says, they give you an easy way of winning."
"He says that at least six in ten GOP primary voters did vote for a third- party candidate or that they voted for another candidate."
"If it wasn't for these factors, it would not have been very long to wait another decade for recovery."
"'I knew you had got a number but I didn't really want to speak about it because I didn't want you to get hurt."
"But it is something that will come down to Trump and what he thinks his supporters want- and how well he is willing to make that work."
"The family initially thought that more resources were needed to restore the bridge to work- but improvements have been slow to take place."
"The long- term risk to the NHS is now higher than it was in 2015, it said, pointing out that for an average year of just over 3 years NHS funding has fallen by 70 per cent."
"The court heard he did not recall any events or say if he had been stabbed or if he had committed a crime."
"It's the largest bank to fail and the third major financial crisis to hit the US in five years, according to the report."
"I know that we're not only in this business for working people, but also people with a lot of experience in the business, with management and all sorts of people who are well- educated in the business."
"We wanted to make sure that he was in a good place but we were also committed to him, because we love having someone of this age."
"\"I don't think he's got that chance of that,\" Miller said after Wednesday's game."
"The digital economy has brought in a wealth of research, from the UK's Ministry of Health to the World Bank to the Chinese government."
"And then I got to a point where they were telling me if I'm going to be allowed to go around, I'm going to have to be over there."
"Sanders's supporters should have hoped his opponents didn't get the message that their own campaign strategy wasn't working in the 2008 contest."
"They hope their audiences can also benefit from their unique picture- in- a- box experience that allows them to tour anywhere in the world and discover a whole range of products, from clothes to music."
"He's a third- grade student in St. Louis, and the family was still suffering from the trauma he had already suffered."
"It's such a joke because I'm an Olympic sports champion, but in Rio you have to hope something might go wrong."
"\"The states are in very similar positions in terms of their farm practices- they need to make important decisions,\" he said."
"One of the rights experts said his report into female prisoners was a case in which an argument was raised at an inquest, but there was no evidence the review was based on a genuine inquiry."
"Now for them to go back and change it is a difficult job that's a process but we'll look at it."
"He's the best friend to this audience ; we have so much to talk about and so much to do."
"Meanwhile, Germany's federal office for public safety said it had confirmed the suspect, who hasn't been formally identified, died."
"We've always had a strong reputation for leading a fashion world with fashion history in an always warm and positive atmosphere."
"If we have concerns about it, it's going to be a part of the public conversation in the future."
"He returned in the second half and scored once in the opening 18 minutes and came on for the forward from just deep."
"The large scheme has gone as far as calling for a record- setting $ 3. 5 trillion over 10 years to develop."
"This will provide us with a wonderful opportunity to see what's really happening in other parts of the world, particularly in America."
"That came from his fact check experience as head of the Labour party and his embrace of the EU referendum."
"A statement on their website read: \"We are appealing to anyone who witnessed the collision to come forward and report it to us."
"\"This means at a time when four million people around the world are experiencing extreme heat, many are experiencing an increase in anger,\" the press release read."
"\"The goal of society is for everyone, and this is probably not to be achieved by one individual,\" the European human rights commissioner said."
"After all, Trump would be the first U. S. president to do so since George W. Bush in 2001."
"Then, just as the joy of being part of something big and serious is making sense, you realize there are no more expectations."
"In September 2015, British Prime Minister Theresa May declared the United Kingdom would leave the EU, on the result of a referendum."
"Police in Los Angeles say a woman has died after a car bomb in the city's busy entertainment district went off Thursday evening."
"\"I want to play my games and I love playing, so that means a lot to me,\" he said."
"And the way the FBI did that is when it interviewed dozens of people who had come into the country by mistake, or those who had already traveled from one country to another."
"We made a really important argument that we want to change the world, but somehow there are limits."
"We play six games in eight weeks, we have to get something to think about and I feel comfortable with that, and when you are willing to play in finals we have a fantastic opportunity to play a couple of these players in big games."
"The star acknowledged his teammates and members of the media'need to learn from this incident."
"I think a lot of his main problem is finding the peace he was searching for."
"The trouble, though, is that the interests of good quality are most often said to have a more complex relationship with the political system."
"\"I hope that somehow we can encourage people not to vote at all, that it's not about what they believe, but what they're voting for,\" he said."
"I also realized that the oil and coal industries are big business, and as long as people just want to own what they are producing, and do it well, it is safe."
"But because they are going to be down in a pub which is a lot better than a work floor it is not a priority."
"It seems like this is the most popular state to be from and that while it is also the most popular in the country, we do need to make our state a better place."
"All the decisions taken in this piece were made in the interest of getting the ball back in the back of the net."
"They were also more likely to say that high- ranking foreign and defense leaders needed to make public at least one example of misconduct."
"Even some economists believe that, even in the worst economic crisis, the next president, the next president of the next administration, will be less capable of handling foreign policy than he was in 2008."
"Our biggest priority now is to keep the club on top of our work in keeping the club and staff on track."
"And he's going to keep fighting, no matter what it is, because he thinks he's going to survive."
"How about if you used it to claim the role and score a goal against the champions and are still stuck?"
"The survey found 57 percent of all registered voters thought Mrs. Clinton's campaign is the most effective effort to help Mr. Trump in a general election race."
"\"I made a bad decision as a parent and for the rest of my life I hope I could have stayed true to the sport I love,\" he said."
"\"I was saying to some of the guys, we need to let everyone make a decision,\" the 10- year veteran said."
"\"They have also seen the [ Trump ] administration's agenda, which may be a little ahead of our times,\" he said."
"The government said most of the air in the rebel- held eastern part of the city of rebel- held areas would remain in rebel hands."
"As women, we share a lot of their ideas and they may not think the gender of their adviser or team will change."
"Of course he'd be one of our favourite players of all time, but I think that because he's so experienced he has an edge."
"The prime minister is hoping for a \"good deal,\" of course, to provide the nation with a positive boost in economic activity."
"But we've got to figure out why he's so fast on this play and it's not because he was a good runner."
"Asked about claims on the app, a spokeswoman for Uber said:'We accept responsibility for the information we provide and we are taking all of our customer service and safety very seriously."
"According to a new study, most UK households own at least one vehicle ; a record low number want more."
"And the cost of the study was estimated to be between \u00a3 30, 000 to \u00a3 43, 000, depending on the size of a city and the time of the study."
"He said: \"From the very beginning, we'd heard that the incident was just getting started."
"'I told them the day we had the great opportunity to visit the capital of the UK and they said we should go in the next two weeks,' she said."
"\"I don't see how he can hang on for quite as long as he might have liked to,\" they said."
"The incident has brought to closure three couples who were with another man at the time who then found the man suffering from a lower back injury."
"While Britain is still in the process of leaving the EU, the 28- member bloc is beginning to make a new deal with the bloc for its aid and development."
"I think there are a lot of people in Scotland who wouldn't have gone in the second half without their Irish."
"It's hard for me to have these conversations with guys who I've worked with, who are writing my book."
"There was one moment when you decided, a year and a half into the novel, you're either going to be a woman or you're not."
"The average interest rate for this year's loan is now 2. 75 per cent and for this year's loan it is still higher than the average rate the banks had before."
"At the moment, 70 per cent of people travelling on trains are aged under 30, while only 15 per cent of those travelling on public transport."
"It said it also had 60 per cent of a gym membership for people who wanted to work out how much they would be saving for retirement."
"The goal of the workers union is not to sign a non- legislative agreement, but to find an agreement that is likely to preserve labor rights."
"Her relationship to him was brief and they continued to share many messages on the phone, including one in which she asked him to meet her in person."
"\"I didn't know how he got off it, but it was pretty hard for me to keep myself calm,\" she said."
"Under current immigration law, legal immigrants arriving after the end of Obama's second term, who had asylum claims after they arrived in the U. S., don't be considered refugees."
"So while the President may be singing a song, there will be some within the country who don't recognise or appreciate that it is about good food and the use of money."
"I understand there was a lot of talk about how to reach out to some women who maybe didn't feel all that familiar."
"I think it's better to think about the power in words and make a fun album of them and you get it."
"Just make sure you watch the video and watch your water before you add it to your plan!"
"If he or she is trying to make a move, it's better to know exactly how the move's being done."
"This is the moment a Toronto woman was stabbed multiple times by two people armed with a knife after fleeing a bank."
"She spent nearly every year of her life in jail, never able to afford to live there."
"A Gold Coast police spokesperson said the area is already suffering from the worst flooding in Sydney's history and would be put on hold as it's not believed to be flooding- related."
"\"You could go into a debate there, but if you're at a fight club... you know, they're not going to put you in jail, are they?\"he said."
"This year, it's 10: 00 am, so they'd have to get up early if they'd want to."
"The source, who declined to be named, said that the number of cases reached the public's attention as soon as it was released in 2012, and that there were no surveillance videos."
"It was certainly a wonderful experience for me in my time here in Cardiff and I would never have a chance to be better for Wales next season."
"It's also the first time the Eagles have scored against the Rams, whom they played twice last season, dating to the 2010 Super Bowl."
"You know, the next question is not how do you tell them that you didn't hear the man's words."
"In fact, it's estimated that between one in 12 girls and one in seven boys say they have been abused."
"Still, it's amazing to think, even though these jobs will be at their best in six to nine months, they won't be available for retirement."
"\"It's really fun and you just have to do your best to try and keep going,\" he said."
"He told the BBC's World at One:'I would have beaten it, it would have been impossible, but that's what you have to do."
"On Thursday, he returned to work, working close to home, and was put into a one- year commitment to study and write a pilot novel."
"You can see the doctor who is operating on his hand because he is probably going to have to go out the door to see his wife."
"If we can win with all that last season, I think we have a good chance of finishing third in the world next year."
"If you're looking for an alternative retirement account, you'll need to find it somewhere other than a traditional retirement account that you'd consider."
"They then said they had sent the girl to the police station and where she had been found, they said."
"Mrs Wright became a mother and grandmother in the second world war, but became involved in the arts after dropping out of school and becoming an artist."
"The Army has tried to use that to explain why it's taking less money than it would have otherwise had the US military mostly cut costs."
"The number of migrants in the Calais camp, which was shut last summer, has jumped 25% since 2015, the Daily Mail reported."
"The heart of the inquiry, through which 9, 000 of the 500 first- time offenders are sentenced, is the tough one that brought to justice the government's plan to double the number of people locked up for bad driving."
"She was struggling in school at the time, and was suffering from long- term memory loss, but she chose not to come forward."
"In some cases, the girls have reported their abuse, and some have received not only a single blow to the head, but also threats."
"As in the case of gun control, cities can't \"control their citizens \"and might not be able to do it if they wanted to."
"That figure is more than 80 times higher than that registered by 18 per cent of British Columbia's elderly population."
"The new rate for 2016 is down from the previous rate of 2. 5 per cent for the same period of 2014, and up from the last rate of 1. 5 per cent."
"\"I'm going to be supporting her with everything I have and moving forward with the plan that is next,\" he said."
"When they see me, if it isn't like this, they can't help thinking I've crossed the line."
"\"As much as I'm a little concerned about how we run the system, I just can't do it,\" he says."
"When I was 14, my father threw me away and asked if I could take the bus to the bus stop in the city."
"Of course, it would still be difficult if the Conservative government had been committed to taking the initiative, but I think you will hear more about this in the coming months."
"But last week he was quoted saying that he had actually bought the MP for \u00a3 20, 000- but that was about the price the Queen paid."
"\"It was really strange, because when I look back on it, it was very special,\" she said."
"A spokesman for Mr Roberts said: \"We fully recognise the importance of the fight against climate change and we are continuing to work with any team that can step in."
"The draft will then be presented to the Home Secretary, Theresa May, on 19 May next year and the Home Office will decide if it will allow her to write to ministers."
"There are other types of game players, like two- on- two, but not as many as I would like."
"He's disappointed he's out for about six months, but he's far from broken."
"A family tragedy at the hands of a single parent means that not only does the burden of time of day fall on us, it's on the parents too."
"The second year of the contract would see the following savings of \u00a3 2. 7 million, compared to the same period last year."
"As one of the first projects of the Chinese Academy, the first that China signed off on, he hopes it has some success."
"The England Under- 21 international now works for a firm that works with international players and is not as exposed to the game as a captain."
"After the 10- day trial, a judge sentenced the two, saying it was \"meant to be a traditional test \"and called the probe a form of psychological torture."
"I would say as a parent that if your child didn't get any of this, you have a duty of care to your child."
"We have a bigger problem, and we will move to one in the next 10 years than the current system, but I don't think we are going to leave the legacy of the past."
"\"We're not saying that since July, but as far as we know it's at least twice as much as the previous period,\" he said."
"I think he should have won it and I'm the only person who can do that,\" she said."
"Mr Obama, a real estate developer who was governor of New York from 1996 to 2000, was spotted playing a soccer ball in the Oval Office in 2005."
"What you need to know about the problems facing the UK has not been released, but it is highly unlikely the Prime Minister was taking advantage of this."
"A 42- year- old female person was seriously injured and a 43- year- old woman who was in a serious condition was badly injured."
"\"I'm really surprised because I just don't know,\" he said, adding that his wife, who had earlier asked for a hospital stay, was just visiting him."
"The intervention follows two months of hard fighting for the rights of foreign workers and their families, and also helps to explain the fall in the number of forced refugees in 2014."
"\"We all want the same thing,\" said Roberts, who had nine points in the first quarter."
"\"We are committed to ensuring this will not happen again,\" Scott said in a statement on Wednesday."
"\"The law requires the refugee family to pay for what can be easily achieved by the refugee family ; so no Islamic State group funds are in the same hands,\" the spokesman said."
"It was on the lower end of the capacity when it was approved for use, but we're looking at the future and you've got to take something from a target level to a maximum level."
"Some analysts question the strength of Trump's personal relationships with business and banks, and say it could harm their reputation."
"But if we get under the skin of our players and we're looking to win matches we are better than them."
"The data shows that about 68, 000 people were killed in Yemen this month, and that this proportion represents only a quarter of the country's total."
"It's like nothing I've ever experienced before and we've always loved being here, so that's really special."
"It also said that the EU should review its controversial civil society protection system in order to ensure that all bodies engaged in the protection process are independent from those concerned."
"She says it's vital for Australians to understand what the move means and what the effects will be."
"She says: \"This is one of the main things that Donald Trump says about women: They don't get it."
"I love being out in the open and you know it's really good for someone to not think too much."
"Every one of the crew worked out where they were going to go-- then did some quick visits to any other people who might be outside."
"At the end of the day, they didn't want to fight any more with that ring so they just left it."
"In a statement to police, she described how she felt as she sought to explain what happened to her family."
"It's not like that now because I don't get to see my dad get shot in a movie or this."
"It isn't such a surprise that the New York Fed doesn't know how to fix the problem with a push for an interest rate hike on June 30."
"It was being built by a company which has no direct links to any bank or any government or any institution."
"Mr Smith, who will stay as Prime Minister until at least the 2020 election, said he had a \"very clear belief \"that the industry would get along with the country."
"I'll remember it coming around here at the end, because you're hanging around on the court like a threat to everyone else."
"\"I'm just saying this, I've seen this a couple of times and I have a feeling they are good people,\" he added."
"The BBC is desperate to press the button for sale- in real terms- and the answer may be in the red."
"A lot of Republican Party leadership told me that if I didn't feel that way, then they would probably stay at me instead."
"But when the numbers increase by a few hundred or even a million, that's when you end up putting back a lot of focus on the guy who holds your bag and the one person who wants to hold it."
"\"I felt it would be a good opportunity to introduce some new races which would give my family something to bring to the event in the future,\" he said."
"This was on the back of social services funding cuts announced in April that have reduced funding for things like post- primary education to around half the amount funded within it."
"That was the second- largest gain for any single- year bank, behind the euro zone's loss of 1. 2 percent as part of a larger push in the euro zone as well as central bank policy changes and higher trading costs."
"But in my case, if I'd done the damage, it could have been dealt out of court."
"I think we should have gone one year and waited for a show ; that's the wrong way."
"That's still just 10% of the electorate, and the figures simply don't reflect the views of the nation's 500 largest television networks."
"\"I think that the extent to which we are investing in technology is, again, quite limited,\" he told BBC Radio 5 live."
"More than a million people have died because of flooding in England and Wales this year, many of which have been caused by the most damaging flooding in recorded history."
"Russia's propaganda campaign was running big on the internet for years, but now that it's free, it's not necessary to read the media."
"\"I'm not sure this was going on in the rooms, so we went in and discovered the whole incident,\" she said."
"They're 15 years younger than everybody else, and it's always a good sign that we're enjoying each other's company, because we share values that often clash with one another."
"\"One guy kept giving me fake news about what Donald Trump said about him \"in a phone interview."
"\"The legal understanding is that we have agreed to work out a settlement on the basis of that, and we are in that spirit,\" the source said."
"The Giants were put up 7- 7 with the tie- breaking run to win 7- 7 in the second set."
"I can't wait for the season to start, with the friends I have, so I will keep doing what I have been doing and go on this journey and hopefully achieve what I want to achieve in this competition."
"If they can succeed- even if they cannot, for the most part- they will learn the value of strength of character and conviction, and their love for service to society."
"Just under a week after Britain voted to leave the EU, the Treasury announced that Scotland will be granted around 10, 000 UK jobs during the process of leaving the union, three times the level of EU- wide employment for the UK as a"
"He said the hit would target overseas voters, who don't have the sort of broad appeal that allowed the FBI to identify two- thirds of the electorate that had voted in past elections."
"\"We're working out a whole host of other systems, in terms of trying and testing, that are taking on this potential challenge,\" he said."
"But what the Guardian did report, at that point, was that there had been no long- term international pressure to hold the UK to the terms on which they were negotiating."
"Some warned that the number of migrants still waiting to be sent back would collapse if no agreement between Italy and Turkey on access to the Mediterranean route was reached."
"'They now have a history of having some incredibly tough decisions on the basis of the evidence that we've got,' she said."
"The biggest changes- in which we are a little surprised- will be you will be going with 20 per cent."
"Not too long after his experiment started the women's track, the Olympics became a match made in the mountains, where he will be waiting."
"I was in the same situation, and I was the only one there because I didn't have that simple idea."
"The court heard Mr Johnson had been caught smoking marijuana in the past and so would not be part of a programme this summer, which would see him face no suspension."
"It was first reported by the Washington Post and it was broken on Sunday by Fox Business Network's Kelly Roberts."
"The kind of moving TV event- maybe more as a company or as a product, or as a people- that we've been thinking of in the future."
"He may have dropped it last night, but his leg's getting a bit tired so we'll see next week."
"The United States has struggled to connect with the European Union after Brexit, with critics saying Washington is not leading the way."
"Three, or six, depending on how you look at it, and four or five are really close, and then you get into the other half of it."
"\"This is the lowest yield measure of global oil prices in at least two decades,\" the Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday."
"Yet Trump used his speech to highlight the risks to the country's \"great economic strength,\" and said he would accept some additional funding from other countries as he moves to lower the foreign exchange rates."
"We don't see it now- if we look at what happened in 2008, 2008- we have to remember what happened a year earlier."
"While 2015 saw the highest number of changes in employee pay, the overall change in net hours actually increased to 14. 3 per cent."
"This is the one where I've been working for a couple of years and I can't believe this is my opportunity now."
"If you look at the playing field-- both in the game and on a national level-- people are starting to realize that one of two things will be pretty good for them, or pretty good for everyone else."
"And they have so many, and so many problems that they can't do anything to solve, they have to fight, they have to die and leave the country."
"\"The future will be decided by the rules of the game, not the principles of the game,\" he added."
"The government's long- standing position is that free speech must be protected under the European Convention on Human Rights."
"\"You are going to get those two that were born in the same era,\" he said."
"A charity trust supporting families with dementia said it's time to give a message to young people about dementia."
"I have had relationships with her for so many years, it doesn't feel right for me to get married in the middle of this."
"She is currently employed by a London firm which doesn't wish to comment on her future because the results of the investigation are private."
"I love it, I think it's great to be on an album and having a behind the- scenes relationship with the creative team."
"She had checked the body of her 14- year- old daughter against the following day, but said it didn't appear to have been stabbed."
"But how can some cities create safe working practices for workers who need assistance at home- or work in places where there is already a need for the workplace?"
"Still, he said, many government agencies, such as banks and other business organizations that provide the cash to the government are still under investigation."
"In New York City, the Clinton campaign hosted a Trump- Clinton rally Tuesday, and the Clinton campaign is taking notes."
"The bank had been trying to attract a chief executive in January, but its 2015 acquisition of Sky has failed to generate a salary boost."
"I can't wait to get out there and play one more week and see how it all goes."
"It was his second in 15 games for Philadelphia last season and his last on the field in four previous games."
"I wish a great education for my son- and I can't thank the parents enough for their support."
"'I couldn't decide where I was going and I knew my hands were being held, so I thought I might as well go it alone."
"The Labour leader added:'I think the best way to deal with the NHS is with people talking to each other."
"In late October, White House officials said they were launching an appeal at the Supreme Court that would be heard in the fall."
"He claims a fatal heart attack when he lost control of the car and fell to the ground as the fleeing suspects drove off in the direction of his family home."
"\"Just about everything else-- when you call, how are you going to do that to the camera?"
"Here's what I'd say, because you have to be able to get an idea from them before you talk."
"I know who my friends are and they all know my name, but a different kind of person."
"The advantage of using a large $ 5 bill with credit is that you don't need the cards to be easy to access."
"There was one major question mark over who would be asked to talk to the FBI about their work in the Clinton case, after which everybody on the stage would talk."
"\"If you've never done it before, you'll probably be surprised,\" he said."
"Our mission is to make sure everybody gets the same chance- to be a part of a company that makes people proud and gives them what they deserve."
"I think he probably should have gone to the police or he should have been subject to a blood sample, but they never let go of him."
"Asked what would have happened if they had stayed on at the same time on both days, 25. 8 million people tweeted their thoughts."
"We should also acknowledge that this is a fight we won- and we should all have the freedom to take control of our own future in our own right."
"But I don't think I could walk in or play on the right side so that's what he wants to do."
"\"I'm so proud to be in a video because of the amount of people who care about me and who think the public has a right to know,\" she said."
"And with the information we have, it seems likely that we could find a way to secure a vaccine."
"These are encouraging conversations about what this is all about and I think we should be doing a lot more to help everyone."
"The driver says he was then approached by a group of armed teenagers who struck him at close range."
"And at the end of the day, the reason you are interested in being a parent is because it's something that somebody else has to do with."
"He didn't admit it, but that's OK- he's been here a while."
"Once you've been rescued, you have to make arrangements for your housing to be placed on a housing market in Australia."
"They met at a cross- state meeting of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, a political committee that had fought a campaign against the campaign of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in New York."
"Last summer the judge ruled that the first lady had suffered \"significant emotional and psychological harm \"during her career as a high- profile private citizen."
"When she asked him about his positive side, he admitted that the abuse was overwhelming, and that he didn't have the strength to admit it."
"It feels as though all our times have been things where we've been living together for a number of years."
"We wouldn't use that again because, I don't think, you know, it's the Russians that get it the last two years."
"\"They put someone else in there that I feel vulnerable because that's their coach,\" he said."
"When this isn't the case, which isn't often, stay away, but your provider can help make changes."
"He didn't start and we won 2- 0, 4- 0- and then 3- 1, we're now two points clear of."
"\"It wasn't a choice of this type, we are lucky,\" she said of the story."
"The Warriors were down- shot for 48. 7% and 14 of their 28 from the field for a 44. 5% effort."
"He added:'The weight of the story is the dead body and his voice, it's all over the internet, it's lost."
"\"A year later I was on the run- going on from about 11 and 12,\" she says."
"\"It's difficult because I don't really know who the driver is and I am starting to work a little bit more,\" he said."
"\"It is very hard to get access to the financial institutions if you're poor and have no business relationships,\" he said."
"The income figures, which look similar to the ones we published last week, say that the latter four pay just over 40% of their counterparts in the rest of Britain."
"And people love that they are actually being reported- even if it isn't actually that bad."
"\"It's been such a great honor to work with a group like that, and there's no question in my mind they'll do a great job,\" he said."
"We're seeing much more Americans feel that they are under- represented in this country,\" he said."
"She also warned the centre was being taken down because they wanted to prevent another attack."
"\"We are well within our means and we are doing our job with resources,\" he told reporters in Geneva."
"\"It was not our job to call us until it was out of the blue,\" she said of the memorial service."
"My goal is to make America great again, and if that means being Donald Trump we're in for a treat."
"If I get no other opportunity, I'll be left hanging, and she can fix me up."
"They said he initially said it was a joke, but later said he had'never'said it publicly."
"We understand it is something that has to be done within the electoral process... but that does not mean that I'm going to deny it."
"I look back now and I think that we did a very good job of getting the state of Florida up and running."
"During a separate interview with CNN, the President called for assistance from international partners, but stressed that he would have no \"policy changes \"follow his meeting with the Russian leader."
"Last week, the European commission suggested that European citizens may be included in migration lists with Britain's security services but not Greece."
"\"I haven't had a chance to really spend time with the cast for a long time,\" Lee said."
"Yet it's quite a long time ago, when you might not even have heard of the host family."
"To win an AFL grand final, which is still far from happening, you need to win at least one game."
"It is not clear if officers gave evidence to the incident or what his final words were before leaving the building."
"\"There were no crimes committed,\" a police spokesman said, but no specific details of the incident were being offered."
"The officer's body camera video shows him running away from the scene, but that it was unclear whether he also entered the flat."
"A spokesperson for the city said it was also looking into the claim, but he did not provide any further comment."
"Every year, I think I get five or six calls from people who are concerned about her and she can don'thing."
"\"We were the first to open our eyes at a level the phone could not reach and we are the first to open our minds and it is with that spirit that I am calling you for a second,\" she said."
"This season he's been on the defensive front for the defending champions, with 29 shots on target and 13 in the four rounds."
"The trial had taken place only a week before, in February, before the son was sent off to prison- he was 16 months old- as children."
"As the campaign has been in full swing, Democrats have pointed out that they made Clinton the target audience for attacks from Clinton herself and from some of her supporters."
"Trump supporters say the South Carolina senator has acted too quickly on immigration, focusing instead on a campaign pledge to protect the Rio Olympics and border security."
"We need a change, but it needs to be a change that has a broad appeal and can be shared across communities and in the public square."
"\"That was the beauty, in a way, is that we've reached a point where, by no means has it become a blue- light district,\" she said."
"Trump declared that the wall would be \"really, really expensive \"if completed and pledged to build a huge luxury hotel that he and his companies would spend heavily to build."
"\"It's a real shame that we didn't have to cut some things off early,\" she said."
"People know a lot about how close we are to a second World Series and from watching the World Series last night."
"While there were 80 children from both countries staying in the facility during the program, we all shared one meal with a doctor who also happened to be infected."
"From the \"taking a survey \"to \"ingesting \"do you think your characters would like a Trump presidency, and do you think a Trump presidency would benefit them more?"
"The tax increase will go into effect immediately on the first of April, with an additional one in the works for the July- September period, depending on the scheme."
"\"There were a lot of (A) signs out there but there are not a lot of ones,\" she said."
"They will be replaced by separate trains and families on a small number of routes in the capital, with the performance of the first and second runs scheduled between 7 and 9 December, the spokesman added."
"This past spring I was pleased to discover the world of Black Friday and the ways in which retailers can mark a sale in the spirit of Christmas and show their own accounts of what's on offer."
"The police service has recently issued a new warning for domestic violence at the London and Welsh Police Service in particular, in response to the report which is a warning issued by other agencies into ways in which many violent incidents can be avoided."
"It's a great interest which I've loved since I was a little kid, but it's definitely had some knock- back effects on my play over the years."
"But the Chinese will probably want to find a way to cut their payments to countries outside their borders, she said."
"There's no way to tell, but the way I do it is that I do it at a time, sometimes that's a matter of months or a year."
"My money is on (the EU) being able to do more with less, but that's the direction I'd like to go in."
"The proposed reforms are considered by the watchdog under article 44 of the European Union's arms control rules."
"Some of them were already so worried about other women's appearance that they put off moving into a home where they'd heard of, and in some cases actually thought they should not move, at least not without the support of their parents."
"The wind isn't that bad, too much is changing, so when it comes time to let it all out, I think they'll do it."
"It is too early to tell how effective these \"light \"cells will be, and is unclear about the extent of the damage."
"\"At the end of the day, this is not about who is going to win,\" he said."
"He is also launching a campaign for an end to forced marriage, whose victims this week renewed calls for the current government to acknowledge their involvement."
"They will work together, discuss your new arrangements, and eventually, they may turn around and create a new, better deal."
"I thought I could go to the wedding without it being difficult because we were on a different flight- that was a constant struggle- but the service is so cheap and the couple are so friendly."
"It is more than just one thing: it has been a year since I have played a baseball game with my girlfriend."
"\"Our starting- man, Patrick Robinson, is now back on the floor with all the experience that he needs,\" King said."
"She's been to her wedding and has been there a few times where they said she wouldn't do it."
"The summit was part of a two- week round table that also included the heads of the EU and Commonwealth governments."
"But the bottom line: The Fed's expectations for the next four weeks have been actually around 2. 5% inflation."
"The couple said that they, and the legal team they represent, are eager to rally the public against the taxi industry."
"The court heard he applied for work in 1999 and worked for three months, with no pay, until the day before his murder."
"\"What happened tonight, and I'll be forever grateful for the people that stood by me throughout my time here,\" she said."
"A man who was sent from a London hospital to Syria to stay in the UK after he was admitted to hospital died on Monday, according to a post on his Facebook page."
"As he is a woman, I think there's a sense that she's meant it, but they're not friends."
"More than 130, 000 people have fled their homes in Syria since government forces took control in March 2015."
"On Thursday, the Fed is expected to raise interest rates later in 2017- possibly as early as October."
"He's a very good horse and the fact he can do that if you give him one, you're going to have a very good riding team in front."
"That's on top of the nation's population of less than 10 million and debt a government deficit of nearly $ 100 billion a year."
"\"I had never played the film before and it changed my life, it changed my life for the worse,\" he said."
"I was actually very happy [ at my Australian wedding ], that there was a female partner and she came back to Canada for the first time in two years."
"We have a lot of support on the show that we put out, so we're lucky to get a lot of that."
"\"I don't think they really care what other people think of their politics,\" the actor told his audience."
"There's not much that's in front of him and I just need to get to know him and see where he's at."
"It would have been hard for Mr. Trump to get Democrats to allow him to claim that he was sorry for the sexual assault in the Oval Office."
"'Some scientists are saying that without a family crisis, how many adults could live with this level of debt?"
"No two school districts or teacher organizations at an equal rate are among the largest in the nation, according to the Trust for American Education."
"I guess this is, I think it has a chance to be a great art form, and it'll keep on going."
"He was one of the team's most effective pass- rushing tight ends, and he finished the game with just two receiving touchdowns."
"Our survey shows that the financial sector, which is the main institution driving the market in the UK, is still the second largest industry."
"We are quite confident it will be a great thing for us, because it is very important for the kids in the area who they need to protect."
"It also included one map which called for the concept of the island to take up the space of a country instead of a continent."
"The third- quarter average of earnings for retail sales and restaurants, however, fell 1. 8 percent from a year earlier."
"The boys of midfield also appeared to struggle against the run and possession the middle of the park was not kept up."
"If anything, I'm not sure it will go on so long, but I'd love to know."
"He thinks he's in good hands, he's got some confidence and I'll give him a run for his money."
"\"At the very least we should do what is necessary to ensure they have a clear path out,\" she said."
"For example, people who lived in one of the most deeply dangerous cities on earth now have to walk five minutes to get to a hospital."
"Having given her first full performance as the current President of the United States in a movie with Russell and her fellow students in March 2014, she was pleased."
"The federal system of property taxes, whether paid for or not, is designed to pay for private schools, hospitals and other social services."
"In fact it's possible we would all do well to go back to sitting on our bills and not buy a heart disease drug."
"A national force will be made up of local authorities and relevant agencies within the local area, supporting the delivery of services to enable Aberdeen residents to achieve their full potential in life and work."
"It's been a real, great experience, and I'm looking forward to it, but at the end of the day, it's important to take a big pay cut and give the team a break."
"It's the first opportunity for us to create more momentum in that forward movement and to just have that one- on- one scoring opportunity."
"\"We're very concerned about the critical influence this type of cyber- security can have on a variety of government and social services systems,\" she said in a statement."
"Some of his political rivals say that it is the current U. S. presidential election, and this is a fight he is preparing."
"Clinton, however, said the proposal would create a market where firms sell goods at very competitive rates to competitive digital and retail rivals."
"If you don't believe me, take a look at my three men of the opposite sex, my two sons, and a daughter- you will go crazy."
"\"I've got a little bit of everything right now, so it feels like I've got to come in,\" he said."
"But those levels haven't come up much in the last three months, suggesting that the normal distribution has not yet started to show how severe the fiscal emergency might be."
"The Belgian capital is reported to be the most used market for a major migrant network operating in the EU, according to an analysis by Italian newspaper Rome TV."
"The conditions were very tough, they were not able to pay their debt back until they had done it, which was always a tough time for the boys."
"Since 1999, the oil price has fallen to just $ 46 a barrel, at $ 52. 50 a barrel, and that's in the short run."
"In recent years it has come under increasing scrutiny with some outlets covering the two games, which were announced on Wednesday."
"The Perth market could be selling off as the value of the property market in the west is starting to return."
"In this kind of economy, all a customer has to do is pay for the cup itself, plus a small fee, and everything will be fine, right?"
"He added that he had been made aware of the CCTV footage and was attempting to track down the players after receiving it in a post on Instagram."
"We thought we'd talk and was very clear we need to talk about our problems rather than just be excited for when it's due."
"As first reported in The Wall Street Journal, the photo shows Pope Francis in a traditional red uniform."
"He then posted on Facebook that he was trying to set up an account on the online platform and hoped it would eventually be launched."
"The strike in 2014 resulted in an agreement that, according to some government officials, aimed to increase participation in the workplace."
"We're doing the best we can, but we're also going to try to continue to play some golf together."
"Not every doctor will find a way to take this fund into the real world, but my hope is that the industry will work to prevent some patient deaths in the future."
"He's on the pay- to- play list as the NRL All- Queensland team, which will start play in Sydney on Thursday night."
"In a country where 60 percent of the population has a college degree, high school or some other level of education is crucial to maintaining income security."
"There were strong reasons for this, she explains: more than two- thirds of women who come to the UK this age never had a child, or one- quarter had made a mistake."
"Most of the stuff we have seen the players do over the last week and a half on the road and the two week away games in Japan will certainly make you question."
"\"They've got a good balance, and at a certain point, they're really just going to push the ball,\" Thompson said."
"What's worse, these companies could be expected to lose significant amounts of their revenues to the U. S. from U. S. consumers as a result."
"It is our hope that this was a result of the public support for the academy over the past two decades and in recent years of personal growth, something that is now probably at an all time low."
"The EU budget of \u20ac 17 billion will be used to protect the media from possible control by Russia over Ukraine."
"That is what I can say as a 10- year- old boy: be successful, be proud of yourself, be content with the results you have achieved."
"They were more or less all who said they had held up in agreement at the time, but that the conditions were unfair."
"A woman in France says her husband was put on a suicide watch by a social worker and sexually assaulted when he was raped by a group of men at a party."
"It was the son of the very successful businessman who is now a close adviser to Mr Trump, and has his own television network."
"The U. S. intelligence community has concluded that Russia's hacking was aimed at helping Donald Trump win the election."
"We want them to get it right the first time, and not be stuck in a cycle of what's best for them."
"A 2006 study looked at more than 12, 000 Facebook messages sent by the teen's mom and dad."
"But if the government is so angry with Uber that it can't compromise with Uber's processes, why not?"
"We are convinced that the more it gets out, the greater the impact it will have on business and employment, especially in the UK."
"The long hours leading up to the club were also seen as causing concern as some staff and players were offered the chance to re- settle with their family members."
"At the time of his arrest, Scott was not known to police at the time of his killing by using a gun, authorities said."
"Mr Cook has taken on different names for the company, with Alan Johnson the highest- profile, with his own company, and Fairfax Media reporting the two have had differences of opinion since they last spoke for two years in September last year."
"And it has seen a steady decline in popular vote participation, from 56. 5 per cent in 2012 to 56. 1 per cent this year."
"The risk to those carrying out this mass- transportation project is that they could experience extreme heat or even death."
"The club has clearly set a strong policy of zero pay and working hard to be better paid and more competitive than anywhere else."
"I want to see those two clubs getting more involved and it's good to be here."
"It may or may not have been made up, but it sure doesn't sound like it."
"The goals that will determine the future of these facilities are the environment, the security, and the economic development of our community."
"I don't feel strongly about it and there's very little evidence of a risk from starting before we got here."
"As a result of the long wait, we now pay out \u00a3 1. 25 to one person each month- \u00a3 150 to one charity."
"Last year, more than 1. 5 million Yemenis and pro- government supporters turned out for the five- day festival in Yemen."
"This victory is a day in the lives of the dead, but it does not settle the issue of his personal identity."
"Of course, that gives some benefit- and that helps just about everybody in that room, from the people involved to the people themselves."
"Mr Trump's comments suggest that Mr Cruz had already failed to ensure the Republican primary would not be a blow for Mr Cruz."
"He talked to me through the phone while I was talking about how I wasn't a big fan of his show."
"That total represents more than half of the state's population, and its growth rate is the highest in the state."
"\"I can't look my kid in the eyes and say, \"I want to write for this,\" \"he said."
"It is unlikely, though, that China will face a similar level of threat from the North, with more than enough evidence of that."
"\"We have got to be careful with what's happening in Iraq and Syria and it can have an impact on policy,\" Mr. King said."
"They were left to find their \"freedom \"by accepting \"a false reality, but it didn't stop them from doing what they needed to do."
"With all the numbers, looking around you on your own, can you get up to speed on the new methods that we're covering?"
"Just under seven years ago, the programme was running on a lot of TV and radio stations that featured an entire sport."
"The Post- the Hill article is reporting Trump says he met with \"many people \"on the phone in New York on Saturday and asked several of them to take notes."
"\"What's important to me is to get on stage and tell the story of our city and its future,\" he says."
"But how to open an account with this firm or to offer you the exact same money savings is up to you."
"Now, she has a 3. 5 per cent increase on the previous year and has lived there for nine months."
"After about 20 minutes, though, he stepped back and then ran towards me, pointing his gun at me and telling me that he was going after my friends."
"I don't know where I'm going to go in 2016, but maybe I will move to Houston or New England."
"He added:'It's going to take a while for him to get back to normal as he's taken so much."
"\"I have to say that I'm still in love with it because I love it,\" she says."
"\"He seemed to be having a good time, there were a few players who could have stood in front of him more,\" he said."
"We don't think the capital is having the best year in the modern era and it's really good news that more businesses are looking to invest in China and creating new jobs."
"She said she knew several people in the community with her and added that they all had heard the issue from other women."
"Maybe it's because they haven't had the form of all their best players before, and a lot of these guys haven't played long enough in the NFL."
"I didn't know any of that when I got into this organization, but I've gotten to know it a lot better now."
"A massive expansion of a normal underground network of underground cars is beginning to be published, so that a limit is in place."
"With these results, we expect to see a boom in children experiencing the benefits of a healthy weight."
"When a team goes to that close, they are very happy to find out what they can do when they go there."
"President Obama discussed the crisis with European leaders during an appearance on CBS \"s \"play \"Sunday."
"\"I wouldn't want my daughter to run away, you know, I'd want a community with some authority to carry on and take care of her, take care of her, and leave her alone,\" she added."
"'I think his efforts in the past have been an improvement from what he would be today, but I don't think there has been an immediate impact on his behavior."
"\"I think for us in New Zealand we have to be very open with each other in terms of our behaviour,\" she said."
"It has already made some 200, 000 investment calls, at a cost to taxpayers of an estimated \u00a3 9. 5 billion."
"The politicians who attended the disaster offices were denied a doctor's note that would have provided them with treatment in a less expensive country."
"We're going to be working harder in the next three weeks than we did two days ago,\" Murray said."
"The tournament, scheduled for March 18, is the most widely held in the men's sport, held for 30 years."
"Even if we add up the values, the family will be significantly less successful than the one where we added up those values, which is the public sector."
"If we go to Mexico, Mexico's not going to be ready for a trade deal in six years."
"The much- loved, extremely popular The American, singer- producer has been out of action since the Melbourne, Australia, show last year."
"It's going to be a big game with big implications for how we play and how we respond in those situations."
"The website offers help when someone thinks they know exactly what to do, just like it does when they say you're going to live in fear of something."
"Only three points would have been gained if Celtic had conceded more goals- Leicester had made 10 of them."
"\"It's going to have to grow a little bit to look great,\" said one of the girls, who asked not to be named."
"\"There was a 30- second window where I'd have to leave my hand on the table,\" she explained."
"You may say you can do much better in most areas, but we need you to do more."
"He was a talented man, as I would say, and perhaps the most talented of any right- wing candidate in the history of this country."
"The idea that Donald Trump doesn't believe in an election, at least in part, is unlikely to have material in it."
"While the number of deaths was more than double that in the 2014- 15 season, most cases resulted in serious injuries."
"\"A lot of players are letting that idea in the back of their minds and I think it will benefit a lot of guys,\" she added."
"The new plan, which sets the targets for the region's energy needs, was unveiled Tuesday in a video conference that was broadcast on a website controlled by rights groups."
"These types of incidents often happen on roads and off road in the immediate city, but there have been repeated cases of people driving after driving through Edinburgh."
"It was a big draw, so here it was up there, then I found a shop somewhere else and picked it up."
"I saw my friend go to the pub on the way back and looked at the news and realised I hadn't seen her since."
"You must keep in mind, though, that these numbers don't include injuries like that in past years."
"But the police do report that they have a good handle on all the wounded as we move closer to the city."
"I'd encourage anyone to do a bit of research and to look at the photos, because they're so rare."
"He had hoped the incident, which happened at around 8. 30pm on Monday, would be reported to police by the end of the week."
"It might mean a bit more blood but it's all going to be saved for when he needs it."
"The police are now on the scene to try to identify him but he is being held without charge on suspicion of murder."
"They must make sure they don't spread this fear, and they must keep an open mind about it if they do."
"They say that they will also make some choices that will help the group survive-- for example they will make a family switch to a family computer."
"I'm a long way from my married life, and I'm trying to stay alive with my baby."
"\"Now that we have reached the point where many of us have been right and wrong about climate change, a ban on all new cars is not a ban,\" she says."
"For him it is really about trying to continue to have a quiet, quiet career, and the people are speaking to him, and the people are thinking about him and they are investing in him."
"We can make the best laws, the best judges and institutions, the best universities and so on."
"But experts say other airlines can easily identify and deliver aid, including flights to remote areas, which have already been provided."
"It's not just about looking sharp ; sometimes one of them'll turn out to be the right one."
"Asked if he would continue as a member of Labour's junior cabinet, which takes power for the next election, Mr Corbyn said: \"Yes, I think I would, but at this stage it is the people's decision."
"After the successful delivery, it will take three or four years for the cars to make it back to India."
"He told the crowd that there was a small selection of people who wanted to follow the Conservative party as it is now."
"And while that concept may sound appealing, it's very much like doing a musical to solve a problem: How do you apply ideas to a musical."
"It makes me feel incredibly warm, and it's probably because you are being told that in fact you are HIV positive."
"Police have released CCTV footage which they believe may show the victim being hit by the stolen car and missing before it was found."
"He said: \"I didn't know how to stop him, but he seemed really aggressive so I thought I'd help him."
"The campaign ended after the footage, in which Roberts repeatedly uses the familiar \"o \"and \"e \"to hit Trump, was found on the screen of his hotel room."
"It shows that we can solve this problem if we don't take action until next year, when people are working to get ahead in life."
"And with any insurance policies you are considering, it's a good idea to discuss them with your health care provider."
"But even after all these years, it still feels like I need to go back to the country I grew up in."
"\"To be honest, I think there's a lot of talent out there that is a little bit smaller than the guys that I've played against,\" Wright said."
"You are, by your nature, highly independent and loyal to your wife and your family, and you know the right way to handle anything."
"The motion passed, 74 to 7, with the California Senate voting in favor of the plan, in part because of the agreement to cut the cost of energy generation from two thirds to one- third of one- third, while California's Senate"
"Since Trump is running mate he is at least a quarter of the way into being the candidate they're campaigning against."
"He said:'It's a very challenging task to do, so it's important we don't do what we want to, but what we want to is better and better."
"He said that the scene at the restaurant served as a \"reputation \"for the team ; that he was initially shocked by the video's content."
"In that time, she reported $ 80, 000 in income and wasn't given the use of her public account."
"In the most recent, Turkish authorities arrested a suspect arrested at a data center in Ankara and charged him with a similar terrorism offence, the prosecutor's office reported."
"Police had previously refused to say if any of the girls had talked to children who had been exposed to drugs."
"There are more than 100 million people in Yemen, yet few, if any, look out of the vast eyes of the local population."
"What a task and I would be worried about my children being abused over there or even having them injured if there was no help and no safety net."
"\"You can't see a chief executive making the transition because it could put him at risk of having the right person in place,\" she said."
"The chair of Iran's General Security Commission, Ali Dayan, said that his country is clear that they don't believe Iran is the source of the militant group's presence in Syria."
"\"He didn't tell you how much and he said he went in so he could make you his favorite car,\" she said."
"We can't go in [ for ] another seven or eight years and say that he played for 15 or 16 years, that he missed the last 11 or 12 games."
"Many think she should say something, and many want to create a culture where they don't have to take what they want away from her."
"He said: \"I've had a number of people come and say they'd like to go there to see and they have a free pass."
"On Thursday, the French Football Association confirmed it would launch a joint investigation with the Information Commissioner into a dispute over the sale of the Barcelona baseball team."
"\"I never thought I would even have a chance to know about Hillary Clinton if I couldn't prove myself in the third person,\" the former senator said."
"Russia in particular needs to strengthen its economy by making its exports smaller and by cutting its exports to the rest of the world."
"\"It's strange because I've already spoken to many families who are worried about things like this, but I can't talk about anything that has happened to them at all,\" she said."
"\"He got off in the distance and hit me and then he came up from behind and picked me up and began hitting me,\" the 29- year- old Syrian told Reuters."
"The source said the young refugee started to engage in some drinking after her parents stopped taking her for day trips."
"Now I think they might not want to talk about the upcoming debates, but that doesn't mean they won't want to talk about them."
"All we can hope for is to find someone to let us know about it, so that we can get them in touch with it and hopefully get back to them."
"A New York Times / CBS poll released Wednesday found Clinton running neck and neck with Trump in New Hampshire, with 43 percent of likely voters supporting the Democratic nominee and 43 percent for Trump."
"The national expert group has now issued its own recommendations for children, aged 10 and under, over the next five years."
"For years, nearly everybody who has ever lived was suspicious that you were gay- at least for some time."
"After years of planning to use the money, he opted to cut out his mortgage payments, making sure he had enough money left to pay off his loans, the court heard."
"Maybe someone is waiting for me with a clip of me in a cycling accident, and I'm wearing a suit, and they kick me out."
"We've been told to be prepared to deal with it, so if the circumstances keep changing that will be a struggle for them."
"\"We didn't have to take her home and now we do and her being five months old is an enormous relief,\" Mr Collins said."
"And before too long, to be asked whether we are going to consider Russia and China as our allies and friends?"
"But the Guardian's collection also reflects a failure, according to the tech billionaire- his efforts to expand the tech industry."
"Trump didn't appear in public with the new lawsuit until Sunday, the same day it was filed, a person familiar with the matter told The Associated Press on Sunday."
"It's hard to go in when you're younger, and my character doesn't fit in the 21st century."
"She said the couple had travelled from Iran, the UK and Greece, taking them on a day trip to celebrate the funeral of the late Malcolm Turner."
"The policy being discussed is generally a response to the data- gathering methods that have been used for decades to attack personal information."
"In just three years of being on the west coast of Australia I've never seen anything like this."
"\"If you do spend that money, then you will have to spend that extra cash back, but we expect there to be no reason to cut taxes or cut spending,\" he said."
"But I'd like to challenge myself to get the result that I want to and make it come on the day."
"Another opened fire on the bar and was shot multiple times before being killed by police."
"As President Obama noted in his November 2010 State of the Union address, as many as one in ten Americans remain out of work after this year's presidential election."
"I don't know who brought it to me, but my mum looked at me and said, I don't want to bring it up."
"\"I'll be coming to Detroit this summer, come summer,\" said Fisher, whose 19- win regular- season was his most recent season."
"He'll have a great one- day tournament that we're all ready for and we'll get some pretty good results, I'm sure."
"But the danger is that people will be exposed to the same kind of wind, which can affect their ability to get to them and keep them occupied."
"The Federal Reserve's next policy statement this month is likely to come in a final comment on its policies in which it will likely stress the importance of interest rates."
"Clinton also won out- over- Bush among men, and a wider margin among women than men."
"It's like they're paying for gas for your car, so you could be spending $ 200 each month."
"It doesn't matter how you look at him, you just have to take care of him and be prepared for him, too."
"If the new rules were implemented, at least 90 million Americans would lose health insurance, according to the Department of Health and Human Services."
"It is not clear how many people became ill in the period covered by the report, but it comes a week before Christmas."
"If she ever was to be saved, her life may not be the one that many families see as its own."
"And in the absence of a clear agenda, it's hard to see how there would be any difference in the ongoing battle for power."
"The 28- year- old went 1- for- 3, which included a 3- 2, while the 27- year- old went 2- for- 4, which included a 3- 1."
"This can lead to infections being reported in pregnant women who are infected but don't get pregnant, he said."
"\"It was all a shock for me to see,\" she said, adding that her husband would have welcomed her stay, adding that his parents wanted to find a place for her to go to university."
"The United States was involved in talks with Jordan in March over a cease- fire in the country but the talks failed."
"He added:'So I was very keen on the idea of doing the same for other couples as we got there."
"Since this was pretty much the first time I had seen it, I could imagine how it all fell into place."
"In fact, Hillary Clinton has already said that it is one of her biggest fears about the White House- that Trump is going to be her vice- presidential nominee."
"Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was in his 40s at the weekend, local media reported."
"She has a 15- point lead over Trump in the polls, and has little to show for it- just her experience and relative confidence in Clinton."
"Asked by a reporter if he had gone on a date with one of his victims, Trump said: I never did."
"A rough estimate of those lost to Zika says of those found so far this year: 10, 000 to 12, 000, the most in this outbreak."
"The problem is that many of the candidates- particularly Sanders- are leading with the crowd, but not with the people."
"In one study, one man's decision about whom to cut from a planned family was linked to his blood pressure and exercise levels."
"He continued to focus on his campaign- telling a number of people to come see the movie at the State Theatre of Florida this weekend."
"You know, every woman that comes through the military with everything she's ever needed, she's like, there are always a few."
"He needs to move away from that, and see the future, if the national team is what he thinks it should be."
"In the past, family members who were told they were parents should be warned that the child was their own, not the doctor's."
"\"They don't like to talk about it, so they have been given the tools to do that, and we don't have them,\" he said."
"Some of the country's biggest banks did not respond to The Independent's requests for comment, and an adviser to one of the banks declined to comment."
"By the time he was old enough to have a good sense of what it was about, I still remembered the bad days."
"He added:'We are focused on helping our members come back into the UK so we are working hard with them to meet them back."
"We're down the same number of seats but have the same number of doctors and it's having a bigger number of people there."
"They'll be free agents during the early years of the new, two- year contract they signed last summer."
"The Irish manager should make the right call and take full responsibility for any concerns the players and fans can have."
"The Council cut its forecast for income tax in December by a quarter of a percentage point and reported a fall in its tax forecast for 2018."
"Just because you're a male in the Royal Family, it does not mean that you'll always have your right and to be, and still be in, a man's home."
"The third round of talks between China and the UK, the bloc's largest trading partner, begins on March 16."
"They wanted me to do everything I could, to make them happy, but I kept going, doing everything I could to do just that."
"But the attention has not gone to business for the prime minister, and her budget will be challenged by her negotiating position."
"\"I don't agree with what he said but it is a threat to the order, and he would have to go,\" the vice president said."
"\"If you want to show the world that America is and always has been a great country, you've got to show that you've got a lot of work to do,\" he said."
"\"Now, the last Republican governor of Texas, Rick Perry, has declared war on abortion,\" Obama added."
"What's different now is that I've seen what's happening, and it's out of my hands."
"Over the past three years, more than 8, 000 people have been jailed in five NSW- led regional court trials."
"Since being appointed to the post, Mr. Park has insisted that foreign players should compete in the country's Olympic Games in 2020."
"I'm a veteran,\" said Miller, who has previously run for the Rangers'Premier League title after having won the best away season in team history."
"As many as 10 members have yet to see the results of the study, which found almost nothing in benefits or cost- savings measures of benefit provided by people working part time or in low- to- moderate- income jobs."
"And if we do that, the world will never know what people will be without air in the air,\" Clinton said."
"I'll still be there, giving young players a chance to succeed- but I'm looking forward to the challenge and hopefully I can win some games with him."
"This is a movement that has held on to the argument that people are not smart enough to take their personal computer elsewhere."
"While 47 percent of voters in the survey were Republican, Sanders won just over half of those voters who identified as Democrats."
"Three people have been arrested and two have been arrested in connection with the same incident, the site said on Twitter."
