"The company has already said that it expects revenue to be below $ 100 million, and said it is confident that it will achieve this."
"And when you're only going to do one thing, and it's going to take a whole lot of time to get it done, you have to do it."
"\"We have a lot of respect for him, but that's how it is,\" Wright said."
"The Chinese government says the move is necessary to protect the interests of the Chinese people, but experts say it could also damage American interests in the region."
"And the media seems to be telling us that the big, bad news is that we are not in the health of the planet."
"To be honest, I don't know if it was a mistake or a mistake- I'm just not sure."
"The 20- year- old woman, who was walking with her two teenage children, was killed when the car she was travelling in struck her head on the ground."
"That's why I am confident that the US election, if it is held today, will be a very, very close contest."
"One of the top candidates for the party's nomination for the 2016 election, Ted Cruz, said Monday that he is ready for a general election campaign against Donald Trump."
"They were able to put it on the back of my head and it was a bit of a relief to see it on the front."
"At one point, it was a lot easier to see that she was going to make it."
"It also opened up a new world of opportunity for the company, and it also revealed a new way of getting around the world."
"\"I don't think it's right, but we have to make it better for everybody,\" he told the club's website."
"The big question for the Government is how much more effective the Government is going to be at ensuring this level of funding is provided."
"The majority of the more than 17 million asylum seekers who arrived in the country last year came from Central America, but many of those who came from the Middle East are from the north and south."
"I felt like a part of the game that I could do better and have a better chance of being a part of the game."
"There are people who want to be in the House of Commons, but there is a huge gap in terms of the people who want to be elected."
"And the Obama administration needs to reverse its position on the chemical weapons in case it continues to rely on American weapons in the fight against ISIS."
"I know we can win with the team and the way we play, but I don't know if we can get it done."
"And if we do that, that will save the taxpayers a lot of money and allow us to spend a lot more money."
"\"The need to do it in a way that makes sense and that's what I want to do,\" he said."
"He's always had a great attitude, and that's something that you want to see in his game."
"The couple, who have three children, are accused of trying to cover up a murder that took place over the summer."
"The company's shares fell by more than 50 percent in early trading on Wednesday as the Federal Reserve gave the green light to raise interest rates in December."
"But it's a reminder that, as a father, you have to take care of your kids and keep them safe."
"\"I'm going to be the first woman president and I'm going to be the first woman to stand up for what women have fought for,\" Clinton said."
"I'll probably be out for a few days, but I'm hoping I'm going to get some rest soon."
"\"I have no doubt that at the end of the day, we are going to win a lot,\" he said."
"The centre's list of policy areas was the most critical for the project, with recommendations for addressing mental health and substance abuse issues in schools, in communities and at local government."
"It is not the first time that the Prime Minister has spoken about the issue, with the two leaders meeting on Wednesday night."
"I think it's just the right thing for the players to have done, to be able to make a decision and not be worried about it and it doesn't get any worse."
"We have been working with the children in school for a long time and it's important that they know that we will continue to support them in this regard."
"But we are going to do it and I think that's the best way to go about it."
"For example, \"The New York Times \"finds that 48 percent of Democratic primary voters are in favor of raising the federal minimum wage."
"He was a good player and we hope he can give us another go at that position."
"\"I don't think that, in a lot of ways, that it's a bad thing, or that it's a good thing,\" he said."
"But I think it's the right thing to do, and we should do it in a way that gives people hope that they can come together and make a difference."
"The letter was written by Mr Jones, who was serving a five- year jail sentence for sexual activity with a child."
"You are the only one who can give me a straight answer but I do have a one- on- one conversation with him."
"The government said it was likely to charge the banks \"interest \"but no further details were expected."
"For the second time this year, it's the support of people like the women's soccer player who is being treated by an NFL team for a leg injury."
"If you want to get away from the routine, do it right and keep it simple, but make sure you don't put too much into it."
"The home secretary said that the issue of how she could ensure that Britain's commitment to the EU was continued was a central issue in her discussions with Cameron."
"It was a long time ago, but in the past few days there have been a number of violent incidents in the city."
"The pair have a well- known history and, after a long marriage, have two children together."
"What's happening in the Middle East is not just happening in Europe ; it's happening across the globe."
"I mean, I don't think anybody could have predicted that- you know, the kind of thing that happens with a presidential election."
"They are not just individuals who suffer mental illness, but also a community of people who have been exposed to them."
"We have been in touch with the couple, who want to set up a meeting with the police in due course."
"I'm happy to say that the love that I have for my new wife and children is gone and I'm proud of what I've achieved."
"I'm not sure if we can make it to the end of the season, but I'm sure it will be good."
"She had become an advocate for women's health, and the U. S. senator was one of her closest friends in the world."
"\"I'm the one who put all the work in to the industry, I think it's the right thing,\" he said."
"The government needs to be clear that it wants to make this the first in a series of reforms to tackle poverty in this country."
"She has been my go- to partner since I was a kid, and I've been absolutely lovely to him."
"A year ago, he was arrested on suspicion of being involved in a conspiracy to commit murder and was detained for more than five days."
"The result has been that we have started to see the pay rise for women, but the pay gap has been huge and we need to get out and see what we can do."
"It's clear from the way he's treated us and how much he has been taken advantage of."
"I don't think that it's any different now than it was when I was in the prime of my life."
"The team's goal, they believe, is to ensure that people who are able to access the Internet have access to it for the first time."
"Mr Trump, who is running for president as a Democrat, said he would take a \"very hard \"look at how the US was funding its military, though he did not name the US."
"If the city is to grow, it needs a more diverse, diverse board, and we need a board that is committed to working with the communities we serve."
"The Olympic Games are a great opportunity for everybody, for women and for all athletes, and we will do everything we can to ensure that all women are granted equal opportunity in our sport."
"The American Medical Association has expressed concern about the Zika virus in parts of South and Central America, but the league has not yet announced a national mosquito control plan."
"As well as finding a better future in education, Mr Smith said the state should be taking in more refugees."
"It is one of those things where you feel like you are fighting to make the game better and at the end of the day you can't do that."
"The six- time European Tour champion said: \"It's a great honour to be named the world's number one champion."
"I don't think they're going to be happy for him, or really happy for anyone else- it's just too much to ask for."
"I think it's a really good test for the English club, but it's a lot easier when you have got a squad that is just as good as the players."
"One of the things we do know, and I've said for the last eight years, is that we've been on a roll."
"\"This is a long- term thing, but it's not like I have to be on a plane,\" he said."
"Trump's nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch, the most conservative member of the court, will help the administration get back to a conservative majority."
"In an interview with the Sunday Times, she said: \"We can have a real solution to the problems that are facing our country."
"The Tory leader will have to pick his next prime minister if the UK votes to remain in the EU, he said."
"It's no secret that the vast majority of people are not white, but the proportion of white Americans has gone down since the 1990s."
"\"If you want to be a human being, you have to be able to understand that because there is no other way to do it,\" she says."
"In the first, in January, Trump said, \"I like the idea of a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States."
"\"It's one of those things where I think it's a little bit more dangerous for us to go into the areas we're playing in,\" he said."
"A police spokesman said at least one suspect was taken to a nearby hospital, but the other two men were not believed to be injured."
"We need to make sure that our children and young people who are going to be affected by these new powers are aware of it."
"The damage was so bad that the police were called and told that he had been assaulted, but he denied it."
"They are being driven by the same fear of security that has made so much of the terror attacks in Paris and Brussels."
"The leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats said he was shocked by Mr Corbyn's comments, but said he was proud of the Labour leader."
"The amount of money I'm putting into this is just too much for me and I don't want to put it down."
"I thought I was going to be able to keep him out of the games, but that would have been tough to do."
"That's not what I want to see, that's what I want to see in my life and I can't believe it's happening to me."
"They will be happy, but they will not be happy that their leaders won't be here to tell them what to do."
"I could just feel the fire in my chest and it just seemed to be a natural thing to do."
"He made the comment as he and other members of his party prepared to make a formal statement about the EU referendum on 23 June."
"But, as he has been for many of his career, he made his name in the industry as an attorney and writer."
"This will mean a reduction of between 70 and 75% of the total value of the house and the property will also have to be sold."
"At the end of the day, it is very important that the Americans are able to carry out their mission."
"'We hope that the new scheme will bring the benefits of our shared vision of a better world to more people and to ensure the opportunities to start a family are available to everyone."
"I'm not saying there's a golden rule that goes by that can't be broken, but it is the way we are."
"So I think I'll stay with the manager and help him get results, to be honest."
"She told the hearing:'I'm looking forward to taking on the role of Secretary of State because it's a great role for the position."
"They're from America, they're from Canada, they're from Mexico, they're from the United Kingdom, and they're from the rest of the world."
"\"The major thing is that we're not going to change the rules, the rules haven't changed,\" he said."
"At the time of the accident, it was believed the driver had been drunk, although a police investigation is ongoing."
"We are worried about the quality of our food and what it will taste like in the future, and we don't want to see it used in products that are not clean."
"'I thought if I was going to do anything, it would be to hurt my little girl,' she said."
"We have to have a little bit of confidence in ourselves to keep on winning games and the challenge is to build on that."
"And, when he's done with the business, he's likely to go on to the next."
"This was the second time in just over a year that he has been cleared for selection by the select committee."
"We are deeply concerned about what is going on with the individuals involved and what can be done to stop it happening to others."
"But if I didn't play that game, I wouldn't have a chance to have an injury."
"A few months later, I received a call from my son who told me that my brother had found his way into the camp."
"When I saw him in the press box it was as if he was expecting to get into a car and get off the bus."
"\"It's kind of funny that we can talk like that because it's like, this is going on right now,\" she said."
"She was once on the run, with the help of her son, who was also jailed, but died in prison in 2014."
"\"I am not saying that I have won every single tournament but I have won the majority of them,\" he said."
"Mr Corbyn, who is facing a second leadership contest, said the issue of his leadership would be \"covered \"in a video broadcast on Thursday night."
"The report also said that the United States would take the lead in other areas such as cyber security and the global security of the United Nations."
"But a UK government source said the firm was also trying to sell a view on the impact of leaving the EU on the NHS, the country's biggest private employer."
"\"My own husband just announced he's done it and he's got two children,\" he said."
"The company is now planning to expand its presence in the state, and the app is coming soon to other states."
"\"When you put your head in the sand, you're not going to get what you want,\" she said."
"'I couldn't believe it when I looked up and saw my brother and the man holding him,' he told the jury."
"But there are other important reasons we need to keep the lights on in the U. S. and that include the need to protect our workers."
"The number of people who were pregnant or planning to become pregnant in the past year has nearly doubled since the law was passed in 2005."
"The move, which was expected to be a few years early, will make it easier for China to move further into space."
"But that hasn't stopped the industry from taking hold, with some companies even launching a self- driving car programme."
"He said the driver's identity was not yet known, but said he believed he had fled the crash."
"\"I don't know how to describe it, it's like a very beautiful landscape,\" she said."
"With a quarter- century of political experience, he's a political analyst who has done a lot of research."
"I also wanted to do a job that I love and that will allow me to have fun and have fun with my family, but also be a part of the family."
"Some victims said they had been scared, and that they had had no idea who was behind the attacks, or what was going through their mind at the time."
"And the new England manager's suggestion of a \u00a3 3. 3 million cap on international players would be seen as a big deal."
"\"If we had a chance, we would have asked for the refugee children and we would have had a chance to offer them the right education and the training,\" he said."
"If I can't tell you how lucky I am, you'll know what I'm talking about."
"The results of the 2016 USA & Canada Business Council survey showed the country's GDP grew at an annual rate of 1. 7 per cent in 2015, its best annual growth rate for almost a decade."
"\"We know that the abuse and death of children has taken place, and we need to address this abuse and death,\" the statement said."
"He may be doing this because he's so young, he's got so much money and he's only 13 or 14 and he's got a lot to do, but he's a good manager."
"You don't want to leave your friends behind, but you also don't want to put people behind bars for being violent."
"So far, the U. S. has not taken action on the terrorist group's actions in Syria."
"That's why we have a chance to show people, and the world, that this is a serious campaign."
"The two were arrested on charges of harassment and assault and were later released on bail after posting a $ 200, 000 bond."
"I think we've been told a lot about the team that's out there and a lot of the stuff that's happened since he's been here."
"The amount of money that I had in my pocket- I was able to buy a home and now I want to buy a house and then go to college- it's such a small amount of money."
"In contrast, Sanders'campaign will not release his returns and it is unclear when he will release them."
"While she did not travel to Washington, she was likely to attend a rally on Friday night in support of the Democratic nominee for president."
"In 2013, the poll found that 56 percent of voters thought the United States was doing better than the EU and 45 percent thought it was doing better than the UK."
"The future of the world's largest economy, which currently stands at around $ 200 trillion, is being driven by the rise of a global economy that has come under growing pressure from global competition."
"A number of fans had been waiting for hours to get their hands on the game- and a few were convinced they'd be able to buy the ticket."
"\"I want to be a leader in this country, and I have no interest in being a politician,\" Trump said at a rally on Sunday in Ohio."
"It's very hard to get him to think about the things he has done wrong, but I think he would understand."
"But if it is because the temperature is below zero and it is on your licence it's not a good thing, so why should you have to pay?"
"A spokesman for the court said the case would be reviewed by the Australian Federal Police and the Australian Federal Police."
"What we need is the full protection of the law and the ability of the police to get the best of us."
"He said that he had been at the centre of the film for nearly five years and had been to many of its locations."
"I'm so happy I got the right person in my life and I'm so proud of the fact that I've done that."
"I think that's the reason why I think he's going to come back and he's going to play a lot better and he's not going to be a guy that he's going to be in the starting 10, because he's the"
"The white population in the United States is growing at a rate of 11. 2% per year, according to the U. S. Department of Justice."
"They're just a small percentage of the total, and they're not at the level of the majority that we would expect."
"I have no doubt that the court will be in favor of the Government, but I am not sure that will happen."
"In New York City, officials announced that he was taking over a task force that had been formed to crack down on illegal immigration."
"After all, Trump and Hillary Clinton, of course, have a candidate in the race, but only if they are able to knock off the other two candidates."
"If you're going to pick a career- path that's going to get you somewhere, that's what you're going to have to do."
"In May, he was accused of encouraging an Islamist \"rape gang,\" which he was arrested in January and charged in February."
"It's a beautiful place to live, and I've been able to actually enjoy it for quite a long time."
"A former high school football player, who had been in prison for 16 years, has been released from prison."
"In his defence, he said: \"I am not a lawyer, I am just a man who wanted to make a living."
"He said he had been studying the industry for about a year and had been invited by the police to do so."
"She's just got a lot of work to do, and I think she'll be a great candidate for this election."
"The news that the new figures show that the number of refugees in the UK has fallen by more than 50, 000 has hit home for some people."
"I just want to be with my wife, and I don't want to be seen as a burden to my family."
"When he was asked to leave the airport he had to pay a fine and was detained by security at his family home."
"I'm just saying I'll be very grateful if we can get into a position where we're able to have a conversation with these players and their coaches."
"I mean, I'm not going to lie- I'm not even sure he'd be on this list."
"The change in her life was well worth the money- even though it wasn't for the love of her life."
"You can't see that from a distance but it's a beautiful view and we'd like to thank the staff who had an amazing week."
"Theresa May has been in the spotlight in recent days, but she is a very different figure to the one who is currently leading the political debate."
"He has been getting more and more from the England players, and it's because of the coaching staff that we've been able to bring him in."
"So the question is whether he would go for the girl he had just met and the one he had just met- a 14- year- old girl."
"The United Kingdom is a member of the European Union and has a referendum scheduled for February next year, although the government has refused to offer a vote."
"But the problem is that we don't know how many people are in the EU legally, how many people are already living in the country and what the consequences will be for those who already are."
"I mean, I don't know what's going through her mind but I just want to make sure she doesn't get the next one."
"The first time I knew of it, it was two years ago and the people who came from that area said it was a real strange place."
"The general election results will likely be announced in early December, and the winner of each state will be declared on Election Day."
"It is one of the most important things that is happening in the world, because if we don't understand what is happening in the world, we won't understand what is happening in the world."
"A series of strikes on steel plants in South Yorkshire have killed at least seven people, the Met Office has confirmed."
"He said: \"We have been a few years in the making but it's not the end of our story."
"\"I think that's one thing that we have to learn from the last couple years and we've learned that we're better as a team than we were last year,\" he said."
"The alleged offences took place between November and March last year and were committed between the ages of 17 and 18."
"In the first presidential debate, Clinton had two times as many questions about immigration and her immigration policy than Trump."
"I'll be at the party and it'll be fantastic for me to see the big stars and the people who matter."
"She said: \"I want to take this opportunity to thank all those who have supported me in my campaign."
"One of the leading figures in the film, says he would have been a great advocate for the German- born actor."
"The health care industry said last week that it expected the number of workers leaving the workforce to decline by as much as a third over the next decade."
"She said:'I've been in love with the character for years and I haven't seen much of it in the last five years."
"I'd like to think he's a very good player, but he doesn't have any right to be here."
"\"The problem is when you are talking about the NHS, and that is not a good thing,\" he said."
"It's hard to believe he's still not going to play in the next game, but he's still playing at a high level."
"The man was treated at the scene and taken to the Royal Brisbane and Emergency Medical Centre with non- life threatening injuries."
"The Metropolitan Police said in a press release that the man had been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and attempted murder."
"There's nothing wrong with that but it's just that when I start doing it in the open I'll be thinking something."
"I was not in that situation and had not played my best game, but I know that I could have done with a little more time."
"That was why I called my dad and got him to come and get me and to talk about this in Spanish."
"When the EU is on the front line, we want to keep fighting for our interests and our values,\" he said in a telephone interview."
"Trump's praise of Putin for taking a more active role on the world stage came as a surprise to many in the Kremlin."
"We've had some problems at the moment but we've got a good group here and we'll be ready for that."
"In that moment, we were all in love, we knew the person we were with, and we knew that person wanted to be with me."
"I'd have no idea if he's on the team or not- but I'm looking forward to seeing him in training camp."
"She'd come out and met the woman she was dating on the street- and she'd said she hadn't seen her and was worried about her safety."
"\"It's sad to think of those children who have been abandoned by their parents or who have died because of the abuse,\" he said."
"He said:'It was so intense that I was forced to stop speaking at first, but as soon as I did it was over."
"\"I think he's got a lot of things he can do that we've never seen before,\" she said."
"If you are not paying into a pension, or are thinking about using a pension, it is very difficult to do that."
"The point of the show was to present a political perspective, and I wanted to show that we can't allow people to decide for themselves what they want to see."
"The only thing you really know is that I've been in it for a long time, and I'm really happy."
"It's also not just the people who get to pick their own golf courses ; it's the athletes who are put on the course to get better."
"\"I want to thank everyone for their support,\" Trump said during the debate, while also making reference to the collapse of the American economy."
"The market for cars is expanding, with a 15 per cent rise in the second quarter, with sales expected to hit 2, 500 this year, though there are still a few areas of uncertainty."
"The federal government has made it a crime to drink alcohol, and young people have been urged to stop for fear of being found responsible for crimes, the Australian Human Rights Commission has found."
"What it is about is that we have to learn how to go out there and win, and win together, and win together."
"That's what this program is about, to say the least- the right to control your own body and its place in the world."
"The first of the new media platforms was launched at a special event in New York City on Tuesday night with an in- person meeting with the media and technology industry."
"As I have said many times, the regime has not done a good job in Syria and cannot be expected to do a good job."
"But the campaign won't be able to get the country's new Labour prime minister to sign up to the new contract if he doesn't agree to it."
"The 34- year- old said the Labour leader \"loved \"the move but that it was not the only option."
"\"We are going to get some good news tonight from the other side,\" Pence said during an interview with CBS News."
"'I don't know if it's true, but we have to keep on talking about it,' she said."
"It's important to remember that many of the measures proposed in the referendum have already been approved by the public."
"A new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association reveals that 30 percent of parents with at least one child don't attend school at all."
"The decision was made when a young woman came to visit him after he left her in a car."
"They then went to his room and left a message saying he had been shot and the message had been posted to his Facebook page."
"They have allowed their biggest players to have such a hard time getting into the final, and they are starting to settle down."
"The Australian economy is expected to account for more than 40 per cent of the nation's gross domestic product, and that figure is expected to grow in the next five years."
"He had a very good game and we are delighted that he has been given the chance to play in the first team."
"They said that the sanctions would be implemented in the next few months, and said that Trump would be meeting with the leaders of the international community."
"\"The Prime Minister, the President- elect, and the heads of state- all of whom have long held the power to make this happen, have been clear that this cannot happen,\" Mr Cameron said."
"They've lost three in a row and we've been through all these things together so I'm really excited about what's coming up."
"The US has said it will begin airstrikes in Syria on Saturday, but that its air campaign will not halt the fighting."
"The spokesman said: \"We are working with the Metropolitan Police and the Crown Office to establish exactly what happened, if any, and we will keep you updated."
"The plan is to have an equivalent of an emergency fund for every adult on the poverty line and that figure will rise to $ 1, 200 for every child."
"The only thing that can happen is if you need to take a different route, which is what happened in the first place."
"\"He could have done much worse and killed someone else but he did nothing,\" she said."
"But the move has had some negative effects on investors, with an initial public offering now a possibility."
"And they have not lost any ground, they have now lost some ground on the last five years, and we have to do the same."
"It also highlighted the gap between those who are already working and those who are working, suggesting the gap is even wider in Scotland."
"The SNP's share of the vote has fallen since the referendum, with its share now at 18 per cent."
"If the \"innocent man \"is found guilty, the remaining charges will be dismissed, and the trial will now take place."
"In the year 2016, the number of people using social media in France fell by around 3 percent."
"\"There is a sense that we are going to have a general election campaign with all of the different parties and their positions,\" he said."
"It's important to understand that it's going to be a challenging time for the team, especially when you have players that are playing extremely well."
"A final decision will be made before the end of the year, but a decision will be made for the general public as soon as we know the details."
"The opportunity to go to a country that's not your country... that you're just going to be a burden to somebody."
"The trio have been sharing their thoughts on the issues since the election, but aren't sure what they're going to do."
"I was able to get a girlfriend and we were able to get a full wedding together and I did some research and I think my decision is right for the whole world."
"We were in a state of shock but the mood is so low right now and we feel quite sick."
"'When I was in the hospital, I had to lie down on the floor and hear the sounds of the crash,' she said."
"The government's announcement comes as it seeks approval from the Supreme Court for a new law that will try to force online shopping sites to ban ads, including in China, China's biggest market."
"\"I had never been in a situation where a question like this ever happened, and then I lost a friend,\" she said."
"Mr. Trump has a lot of work to do to build a national infrastructure that works for everyone, and he's also not going to build a wall on our southern border."
"As for what the future holds, he said, \"I've never felt like I've been in a position of authority."
"The court heard that he made a note that he needed to find a safe place to sleep and that he would be made to take a flight back to the UK."
"After the attack, the officer said the woman had been killed and the man was suffering from mental health problems."
"Some political leaders in the U. K. have suggested that a second vote could force a change of government."
"The best and worst of the world's most successful companies are starting to emerge, as a new generation of investors starts to recognise the value of being part of a global, open economy."
"The report also notes the number of teachers in England and Wales has fallen by more than a third since 2010, and the number of pupils in primary schools has increased by just under half since 2010."
"\"We have to be careful of what we say, but we have to know what we say,\" he said."
"They've got to be prepared to handle it and it's a tough place to be a young kid."
"When the Fed is raising interest rates, it's more likely that banks will charge higher interest rates to customers."
"A new poll suggests that almost four in ten voters in the south of England would rather leave the UK than remain in the EU- and that is down from nearly three in ten in the north."
"They are all part of this organisation, they are all part of this organisation and they will be protected and protected from this kind of violence, and it is not right for anyone to be fighting this kind of violence."
"If they wanted a different kind of management model, they'd go for a more measured approach, but it's still very much a challenge for companies."
"If they're given more time, they'll be more focused on their task, and more likely to progress to the next step."
"I am not sure if they would have done it in the first place, but they would have done it, too."
"\"I'm not going to lie: I was worried that I wouldn't be in a position to actually make my mark,\" he said."
"He also added that the White House should focus on a plan for the second phase of the war in Iraq to force the government to spend more on the war effort."
"\"We're going to make a success of it, and that is how you do it,\" he said."
"He added:'I just couldn't believe I had a guy come and ask me what I thought I was doing."
"We know that it's going to be hard, but we will be there and we will have the best team in the world."
"We are very proud to be a part of the Scottish Rugby Football League and that's why we are so proud to have won this competition."
"I've got this feeling that we have got a bit of an edge over the last couple of years."
"The video then shows the driver of the vehicle approach the vehicle, asking for help, and the driver of the van then turns his back on them."
"It is our very personal experience that most of the people who work on these projects are not able to move them."
"\"I'm going to do whatever is necessary to get my message out there and make sure that they get their message out there,\" he said."
"The White House also said there was no reason to believe that the attack was linked to any specific group, but that there were some differences in the attack."
"The chancellor, George Osborne, has previously warned that the Scottish economy is in \"negotiating \"and said that the SNP would be a \"huge blow \"to the UK economy."
"However, this time they haven't had to worry about losing the support of the community, they are already going through it and it is up to them to be on top of it."
"It's been quite a long time since I've been at the club and this was definitely a factor."
"He and his wife were in the driver's seat when the car got stuck in traffic and struck the vehicle."
"The plane was carrying about 20 people- including the four on board- when it went into damage to the side of the plane."
"The company has said that the shift was made in response to the U. S. election and Trump's victory, and is not aimed at any particular company."
"I think it's great because it's a very good product and it's in a good spot, so I think it'll get a good deal."
"The public may have voted with their feet, but that doesn't mean the other side is going to go down the same road."
"It was a great opportunity to play in the Premier League but we also had a chance to play in the Champions League, so we decided we're not going to change anything."
"The video also showed that they had a high level of trust in the building that they lived in, which was a common theme in the area."
"One of the most interesting aspects of this election has been how little interest, attention or debate has been given to it."
"We've done a great job in recent years, but we have to do better."
"She told the panel she would be writing her doctor's note and sending it to her husband, David."
"With the right people in place to take on a challenge like that, we can make a difference."
"It's also why the United States will continue to stand behind it, as it will defend against any attack on its security."
"The legal fight was split over how many tickets it would charge for the event, which was originally set to run from April 11 to 16."
"And yet, when the banks were good, the government agencies were not good- and it was a government agency that was bad."
"He was never to go to school, and there's no way I'd get a job teaching English as a second language."
"But there are other ways that we can work together to make sure that people are made to feel safe and secure in our communities."
"\"I'm not sure how we'll change the system when we have the election,\" he said."
"If you look at the people who are doing the most damage, they are the people who are most likely to suffer."
"\"I told the manager I had to go back and, after that, he did it,\" said Wright."
"\"I think it's really important for us to keep our feet on the ground and not take any chances,\" he said."
"For the first time in more than 40 years, an Iranian- born Syrian, who has been in contact with his mother, has been interviewed by the UN."
"And he's not the kind of man who will say something if someone gets the door kicked in, and he wouldn't want to hear it."
"The deal was made in exchange for talks between the EU and Turkey on the Syrian crisis, which are set to end on Friday."
"I am keen to see the performance of the club, and of the fans, as I can only imagine what it will be like."
"The cost of care is rising and we want to ensure that those who need care in the capital are getting the best possible care."
"The U. S. military says a U. S. service member was killed and three others wounded in the blast."
"If you are going to make a commitment, you need to make the commitment in the right way, and I think that's what we're doing."
"She said the pair had been married for over 10 years and were still expecting their first child, in October 2012."
"But it was the police that were responsible for the killings and that they would not be given an opportunity to speak with the victim's family."
"The 21- year- old was arrested in February last year after being arrested in the UK on suspicion of planning an attack on the UK."
"The agency's full- year revenue in China was nearly $ 11 billion in 2015, up 40 percent from $ 8. 8 billion in 2014."
"\"I had a good conversation with him and that's what I feel was important, and he's got to stand up to Trump,\" Clinton said."
"The pair agreed to a separate deal in June, with the author of the document given a seat on the board."
"The City have three more years to prove themselves and if they can beat City they'll be delighted to have got the first win of the season."
"\"I'm not going to comment on the process, I'm just looking at what the outcome will be,\" he said."
"While Apple may have to take some responsibility for the poor performance of its product, he said the company did not have to offer the service on its own."
"The video was posted on the social media site and received thousands of comments, many from people who had been in touch with their parents."
"I wanted to win for Chelsea, and I don't think they could have done it in the first place."
"\"I had a conversation with him, he told me to go away and he had the tape, I'm not going to say anything,\" Trump told Fox News."
"The government is also seeking to create a \"safe haven \"for asylum seekers, which would allow them to settle in the country legally."
"The state is also hoping to have the work completed before the end of the decade, which could lead to its first full- scale medical center."
"He's the only player in the league who has ever been able to score 25 goals in a game."
"I don't know if it's an issue, but I don't think I've got a lot of friends here."
"The government's previous aim of paying a flat fee of 50 percent of the nation's electricity bills to all households was deemed too high."
"\"I always told my parents that there was nothing that they could do, but now I'm just worried that someone will come,\" she said."
"I'd have to make the case for not getting her on, but I feel like that's what people really need to hear."
"Mr Cameron has previously said he would trigger the process of leaving the EU before the end of March 2017 and would have to wait until that date."
"It's not just the fact that a lot of people are spending time on it that's making it worse."
"\"I've been playing for my whole life and it's been a long time since we've played,\" he said."
"It's hard to imagine how the electorate would decide a situation where it's not the winner, but the other person."
"In order to find out what you're interested in, ask someone else to help you find out how you feel about it."
"He said: \"I'm one of those people who has come from a very small country to this small country and then we're all in there."
"A report by the Government Education Union in 2014 concluded that \"a serious lack of planning \"has led to the crisis in the funding of secondary schools."
"We've got a really good group of players and we're looking forward to seeing what they bring to this club."
"That's why they're making sure they have no idea what's going to happen, and I'm not going to give up."
"The second most likely result is that the country will reach a stage of free- market collapse, where the majority of people will be free to choose their own government."
"After you've done your best, you can then make a decision about which of the two might be right for you."
"It's a lot of time and effort, but we have to play the way we do, and that's by winning matches and being a better team."
"If you look at what they do well in the big games, it's the same: They come to you, they want to do well."
"But, in reality, we've been able to focus on the things that matter to us and the things that don't."
"At the same time, it has a well- established role in the nation's mental health system and in developing treatment for those with mental illness."
"He was recently seen on a visit to the U. S., where he discussed his presidential campaign with a group of African- American students."
"If there are problems in the banking system, it's going to be a big issue for the banking system because it means that a lot of people will have lost their savings."
"The group, which has been operating for the past two years, is planning to expand its presence in the Middle East and Asia."
"But it is unclear whether Trump's Republican rivals will follow suit, given their first round of voting was delayed for more than two hours."
"But in the past month, it has become apparent that the Saudi- led coalition has turned its back on its people."
"\"I've been here before, and I've been looking forward to it, so I'm excited to get here,\" he said."
"The former U. S. senator and president has received backing from a handful of Republican politicians and Democrats, including Trump's father, businessman Donald Jr., and state Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas."
"She said she was surprised by the amount of media attention it generated, given the level of scrutiny that women are under."
"A recent study by the University of Michigan found that Americans aged 15 to 35 made $ 14, 000 more in 2014 than those aged 55 to 64."
"\"It's really important that our country understands the threat that we face,\" he said."
"But in the end, you have to get to know the story and the characters and the stories of the characters and the people behind the scenes."
"The fifth- round draft pick is one of the most important players to the Washington franchise since his rookie season in 2011."
"In some ways, it was a last- minute decision as the Lakers didn't have a great start to the season."
"The British government is keen to give the Syrian army the right to defend its borders, but that has not stopped the United States and its Gulf allies from joining in."
"\"They've taken the streets, they've been using the streets, they've been using the street, but they've got no control over the people they're killing,\" he said."
"He added: \"We've had a lot of people asking us if there's any way we could do it better."
"I remember the day he got out and I was running back, I thought I was going to run him a little bit but he just ran right in front of me."
"When you're on the court, you have to take responsibility for your actions, and I think we're working very hard to do that."
"The reason for the change is unclear, but it seems to have come from a change of heart about the government's interest in the area."
"A woman from the Netherlands who was one of the first people to know about the virus was infected in the United States, a US health official said on Tuesday."
"The move comes as world leaders are discussing how to improve the lives of vulnerable people in Africa, in particular children."
"If the outcome of the 2016 election is to be believed, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the two biggest political parties in the United States."
"The United States is committed to being the best place to have a child, and we are determined to be the best place to have a good one."
"And so, it's a matter of course, if you don't win a game, you're done."
"\"It was not a particularly hot day,\" said one witness, adding that the temperature was about the same as last year."
"\"The American people have spoken,\" Clinton said in the speech, and she meant it, as she did all of those years ago when she took office."
"The rules also require public officials to have a \"standing \"to defend their employees in a lawsuit, such as a lawsuit filed against the city."
"In a statement, the state's attorney general's office said that since it was a matter for the state to decide, the court is now considering the decision."
"If you can't go to sleep, you might want to check with your insurance carrier or your health insurance provider to see if you'll be able to."
"They have the best chance of winning in the group stage, but if they fail to do so they will be knocked out of the tournament."
"If the government were to introduce a specific tax, that would be a very, very good thing for the Australian economy."
"This is a huge opportunity for the UK to be part of the European Union and it is a step in the right direction."
"As a result, just over half of the U. S. population has been infected with Zika, according to the World Health Organization."
"He was a friend, but I was not, so I took it upon myself to send a message to the rest of the team."
"The European Union's single market would not exist if Scotland joined the UK as an independent country, it has been claimed."
"They are about to be the first person on the planet that will have a heart attack, that will be the first person to die, that will be the first person to die, that will be the first person to die, that will be"
"The sale comes after a five- year rule that had prevented the government from selling properties in areas with the highest property prices."
"I'm not sure what the role of the church is, but in my view it is an important part of our lives, a place where we can come together to help one another."
"As a senator, Kaine was the only Democratic candidate to serve as governor of Virginia and the only one who had been a member of the United States Senate for more than 20 years."
"But one thing is certain, his aim has never been to be seen as the only candidate- and the only candidate who can fix our broken cities and make them better."
"But his mother said he was \"lucky \"he was able to join the company, even though his background was different from those of other employees."
"But it's nice to have a role, and it's nice to know I have a role that is just that, and I'm just playing."
"The index is at its lowest level since late November, when it closed below its previous low of 2. 71."
"You can also see the overall volume of construction activity on the whole city, and the building boom as a whole."
"The key question for the Republican Party is whether they can pull it off and get away with winning the White House."
"I think it's important to remember that while the candidates in this race are candidates, they're also running on issues."
"For the first time, we can talk about the threat of terrorism and the challenges we face from terrorism in the 21st century."
"\"I'm pretty sure if it was a Democrat or a Republican, they would vote for him,\" he said."
"But the main thing is that if you have the right of access to the courts, you can choose to do your own thing."
"We have two days off from this and hopefully we can get on with the preparation before the start of the season."
"I'm going to do everything I can to put my best foot forward and try to win some games."
"They were just trying to be happy when I came in here and they're still trying to be happy with me and I feel like they're still trying to work through it."
"It is not a decision that will necessarily have a significant impact on the conditions of the future, but rather a decision to take into account the risks, challenges and opportunities that lie ahead."
"\"I have been told that one of the main targets is Aleppo, but we don't know where the other two are,\" he said."
"The Chinese government said the announcement was a positive step toward reducing the flow of foreign currency and increased the confidence of consumers."
"So, he should have been at the White House this morning, he should have been at a meeting or something, you know, he should have been at the Oval Office and he should have been on his way to a meeting."
"We were in the middle of an investigation, and we thought we were being watched, and then we discovered we had been given a bad name."
"A 25- year- old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of his partner in a car accident in West Yorkshire."
"The UN has now called on the Syrian government to release the three doctors, who have been missing since the beginning of the conflict."
"'We have to get better, get back to work and do our job properly,' he said, after his initial advice to his country."
"The first is that it is almost impossible for the Government to pass an immigration reform bill if the Government doesn't have the votes to pass it."
"If there are any differences with other countries, it's that we are working on them as a team and as a club."
"But it is unlikely that the program will continue to get federal funding, or even make it into law."
"The price of a premium is rising, but for some people it will have to go up to make up for the loss of their savings."
"The UK will also be able to request an extension of the time it has taken for the EU's deal to be implemented."
"That's about to change, and he's making his first major TV appearance since his wife went into labor."
"The week after he was elected, he and other Trump supporters took to social media to protest his election."
"You can't just walk away and say'I don't know anything about this ', because you are not talking about the lives of the people who have lived here for generations."
"\"I think that, if we're going to talk about anything, we've got to do something about it,\" he said."
"\"It's like I've got to fight to the end to get back on the court,\" he said."
"It's a great way to sit and just watch the game, it's a great way to have some fun with the fans, that's what I'm looking for."
"I am not sure whether it is a sign of frustration that the Dutch are not so confident about their own results."
"I'm just not sure they're going to get it right the first time because they've got a big game coming up."
"'We have to get out of the EU because we can't stay here, we have to get out of the UK because we can't stay in the EU,' he said."
"I've done a lot of research on the topic, and it's great for me to be able to talk about it."
"\"The American people are not going to give a second thought to the fact that this is going to be a very serious election for Hillary,\" she said."
"It's like what we have to do now to get through this winter and we're trying to get back on track."
"\"I don't want to lose hope,\" she said of the teen who had told her she had to go to university."
"I'm here to help people, but I'm not going to stand by and let people down."
"It was a really good win for us and we're looking forward to the next challenge in the Championship."
"\"We need to stop treating migrants as a criminal class,\" he said, adding that Britain would not accept refugees who tried to enter the country."
"It's an exciting opportunity for us to have a new coach, new challenges in our team and it's a very different challenge than it was four years ago."
"The winner of the presidential election will be declared on March 19, which means it's now official."
"I'm not really sure what I'm going to say to her or what I want to say to her, but I'll say it's fine."
"A California appeals court has ruled that the emails, which are being considered by the Justice Department, were created in the course of a criminal investigation into Clinton's use of a private server."
"The idea that this could be the case in the U. S. is, it is certainly the case in Europe as well."
"\"I will have to say I'm delighted to be sitting in the car for that moment,\" he said."
"At the same time, I'm working hard on everything I've got, and I can't wait to get out there and get to work on my golf swing again."
"And when you're talking about a tax cut for the wealthy, there are a lot of people that aren't in the business of saying no."
"The proposal, which has been in the works for months, was unveiled last week but has not been submitted to the council."
"I didn't really know what to expect, but it's hard to believe that we're going to be in this position again."
"\"I think it's very unfair to have an unfair hearing with someone who's been a lawyer for a long time,\" he said."
"She had suffered a serious head injury in the fall when her car hit a tree and was left on its side, police said."
"This is a key reason why I am running for the White House, as I believe that America has always stood for a better, more just world."
"I think it's a little bit unfair, but it's the same thing I think we did this year, we came away with the win."
"\"We are going to have to start getting some new people in, and I believe we are going to be able to do that with the changes we are going to make,\" he said."
"She said she was \"comfortable \"with the way the data was being used, but said it was important to use data in this way."
"But the development will be part of the U. S. government's response to the pipeline project, which has already been approved by a federal judge."
"In other words, the potential losses in the two markets will come to the U. S. banks, not the financial industry."
"But the reality is, we have to accept that if there is an error, we must be willing to look into it, even if we don't have the evidence yet."
"She said:'I can remember the first time I found out my sister had been killed by someone."
"\"I'm going to keep doing what I'm doing, and I'll make sure I keep doing what I'm doing, and I'll make sure I'm going to give back to this country,\" he said."
"I mean, there's a lot more people in politics today than there were at the start of the 20th century."
"They can't afford to have a child for as long as they want, but I've been through it."
"The number of tourists visiting Italy from July through September rose by 18 percent from a year earlier, and the number of tourists visiting Italy from March through August increased by 30 percent from a year earlier."
"There is no suggestion this is a serious crime, and the alleged victim's family and friends are pleased with the outcome."
"But that was a mistake, and it is a very strange thing to say when you've lost a close game."
"A spokesman for the Health and Safety Executive said: \"The Department of Health and Safety will take the time to review the information before making any further decisions."
"It's the same as the last time that he went to the Super Bowl, and he was on that list before that."
"The brothers are fighting to stay in the country because they are \"truly Christian,\" and they hope to \"become a Christian \"under the immigration system."
"I think it is important to get the right people to sign up and I think that is something that is going to be a big part of this season."
"The mother- of- one says that she had to turn back time after falling ill with a rare form of cancer."
"But it is important to take pride in the fact that we are in the European Union, and not on the front lines."
"He said:'I'm a bit surprised, I think it was the right time, but I'm looking forward to it."
"He had not been in the house the entire time and had just gotten out of the hospital when the collision occurred."
"If you can't have the best day of your life in the gym, then you can at least have the best day of your life at home."
"A 10- year- old girl was shot in the back of the head and another woman was shot in the leg, police said."
"The program is part of a broader effort to crack down on the practice, which some experts say is more than just a health issue."
"The price of oil is down by almost half this week, and the outlook for the US dollar is very different from what it was at the start of the year."
"But I know that because I know the people, and I'm sure a lot of them are still here, it's really difficult for me to put myself in that situation again."
"The teenager was taken to the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital and later told to carry out surgery and carry on living as a girl."
"The two men said they did not expect any charges to be filed, and that a third person was being questioned."
"And now we have a look at what people are doing with their time and money, and what they're asking for."
"'He never stopped playing, he just got better, he's the captain now,' said the 35- year- old."
"This is where the training and the mental preparation for each game really starts, because it's the beginning of the season, not the end of the season."
"I know that's not what you want to hear but I hope I've helped you with the expectations."
"The White House said it was making a determination on how to respond to the case and that the president would not be discussing it with the families."
"It's a good way to help build confidence in yourself, and a good way to support yourself as you move forward."
"The news comes as the Federal Reserve meets in Washington this week to raise short- term interest rates for the first time."
"We need to make sure our people are taken care of, but we also need to make sure that our border is secure,\" he said."
"The government is promising to introduce a pilot project in the near future which would see the drug sold over the entire city."
"And the man who was supposed to be the first official to visit the site in April was not, the team claimed."
"\"When you start playing football you learn how to play against these opposition, and the only way you can do that is through the opposition's opposition,\" he said."
"The first half, which featured several tough ones, was one of the more exciting of the game, and he showed why this week."
"I had the feeling, I'd been told, that the bombing was not going to happen because of what we saw."
"\"I think I probably feel bad about it, but it's not the end of the world,\" she said."
"The U. S. Supreme Court was set to hear the case next month, which could be heard by a sitting justice or two."
"The company said it had cut its workforce by 1, 000 workers in the third quarter and said it expected to lose another 900 jobs in the current quarter."
"They've got to do something about it because it's not going to be the same again."
"A third man, a 20- year- old man, was also arrested on suspicion of attempted murder."
"At a recent meeting, Obama spoke about a United Nations Security Council resolution to end the civil war in Yemen."
"The Premier League is getting all kinds of people, I know that's one thing, but that's one thing we've got to get behind."
"It's like you're in a dream, you get up and you have a vision for life and then you realize what you're going to do next."
"She has become one of the most prominent voices in the world of fashion, and has been critical of the fashion industry for a number of years."
"He said: \"We are very confident that we will be able to bring forward a package that is in the right package and is the right package for the UK."
"He said it was \"nearly impossible \"for the Government to keep up with the rise in domestic and international demand."
"The commission heard the couple had two children together, who were born in April 2014 and last lived in Britain."
"\"It's not as if we're going to be left alone with the idea that we're going to get our money's worth,\" she says."
"On the other hand, it's about the fact that if you have to work for a minimum of three hours a day, you can't do that in the first place."
"\"I have a great relationship with him, he's a great friend, and I'm very pleased with how we've grown,\" he said."
"I'm sure it's going to be a tough one, but at least we're doing our best."
"I can't speak too much about the trade- off, but it's a major one for us."
"\"In the event that we are to go forward we will not be able to afford to buy the property,\" he said."
"If they could't afford the rent in the area, they could pay the rest up front and then move in with a new family."
"\"The Chinese are more than willing to pay more to buy their own rights and to save up the cost of their own labor,\" he says."
"In my early years, I did get a little bit of a head start on people, as I found out after I had been here."
"But, again, if you don't know what you're doing, you don't have to worry."
"It was not immediately clear whether the British military has actually conducted airstrikes on Aleppo or if they have been targeting hospitals, hospitals and schools."
"The third was a small group of families that had been living in the house but had not been living with it for years."
"They've been around for a long time, and they're going to be interesting, but it's going to be very different to what we've been used to."
"I am sure that the current media model is very wrong and I want to make it even more wrong."
"This is a win- win for the government, but also a win for the individual, and it will help to establish a new voice in the national debate."
"\"If you're a person who's comfortable with that, then you need to be able to put your concerns to rest,\" she said."
"In 2013, the industry reported one- third of its revenue from overseas trips to Brazil was spent on international travel."
"On the other hand, the decline in the level of manufacturing employment in Britain has been sharply lower than the UK's."
"That was the message the campaign sent to voters, and that was what I want to see and hear,\" Clinton said."
"If he was in this situation, we would have been out of business as a family and we wouldn't be able to afford to keep doing it."
"\"It's about being active, getting the community involved, and getting people involved in politics,\" he said."
"\"It's great to see the growth of the UK's digital economy,\" he said, noting that the UK has a high proportion of low- income workers."
"I don't really understand why it's still going to be a challenge for them to make a commitment that they will try to get a deal."
"\"What's really interesting about this is that we've never been at a point in our lives when the line was ever going to be cut,\" he said."
"In 2013, he won a $ 10, 000 victory over Mr. Obama in the first presidential debate in which he was in the audience, but that year, he was suspended from the event."
"It's important to remember that, in my opinion, this was a suicide, but I have no reason not to take responsibility for my actions."
"\"I don't think there's been a time in our history where we haven't had a president who's been very, very conservative,\" he said."
"\"I'd like to think they've put a bit more in than they had,\" he said."
"It was an amazing experience for me because I realised how much more that could be, and it was very much a journey."
"At the beginning of the year, we put a lot of effort in and it's been a great year."
"I think it's important to get a good feel for the game, and also for the stadium."
"I've always told my fans that the only way to win is to have a great team, and that's what I'm about."
"'I had a pretty good laugh, I think it was probably around 20 people, the best laugh I ever had,' he said."
"\"I've been looking at every single thing that's happened to him,\" he said in an interview."
"\"It's a long process and a lot of the time when I'm talking to them they've just turned the page and they've done that,\" she said."
"It was like this: I don't think there's any reason to think that there's no reason to think that that's going on."
"The president- elect's choice to address the group was criticized by some Democrats, who said it was too close to Trump's administration."
"It's been a week of good form for the Bulldogs, who've won two of their last three games."
"If you're a member of the public, your membership is the most valuable thing you could ever put your mind to."
"The prime minister said he will not get into the White House until after the new administration takes office, and it is up to him whether to hold that position."
"The president's Twitter feed is filled with pictures of his family, which he often posts and which he posts on his website."
"\"He's a big guy with big hands who is really good at going after people,\" Johnson said."
"\"When I was younger, I was not necessarily looking for a woman and I would always be looking for a guy to meet,\" she says."
"It is a wonderful moment for me and a great day for my family and I am so grateful for the support I have been given."
"I think we are more than capable of winning, but we are just not good enough to be playing the way we are playing."
"But the stock was down more than 4 percent in after- market trading, and is down 4 percent from its January high of $ 18. 78."
"To have something like that in the NBA was a huge boost and I am looking forward to playing with him."
"\"I have a great deal of respect for the officers, especially those who are taking that kind of action, especially the officers who are on the ground,\" he said."
"Mr Smith said that Mr Obama would \"probably \"be asked about his views on same- sex marriage and said that a vote to leave the EU would be \"much more likely \"than not to get involved."
"'We'd had two weeks to figure out what to do next, but I decided to try to do something with my life."
"The UK government has also been unable to obtain consent from the European Parliament for a peace deal to be held in London."
"A warrant was issued for his arrest but he did not appear in court in court for the hearing, according to the website of the Missouri State Police."
"\"I feel like I'm doing my best, but my body is just so tired,\" he said."
"The South China Morning Post is the world's biggest global newspaper and has a million- plus Twitter followers."
"The other five men were arrested, including a 21- year- old man who was also charged, police said."
"He said he's heard from at least a dozen women who've been sexually assaulted or had their lives changed by a single assault."
"He said: \"I think the reason why this is happening is because the BBC is still not doing the right things."
"But when you look at it, it's still not the same as the game we played last year."
"It's a great way to celebrate and we don't want to put any more pressure on ourselves."
"The person's death is not part of the official investigation and the police are unable to comment on the nature of the incident."
"The number of people diagnosed with diabetes in the UK has increased by almost 40%, according to a new report."
"\"I think it's important that our great country is strong for all of us, for our families, and for our communities,\" he told the crowd."
"At least nine people have been killed and several thousand are displaced, with most of the aid reaching desperate areas in the area."
"I think we all have to make sure we are going to be OK in our mental game and that is what I want to do."
"\"I'm going to try to make sure that there's a fair amount of fun, that's what I've got to do,\" he said."
"\"I think we're seeing a trend toward that now,\" he said, saying that a few companies are now offering more- or- cheaper- options."
"He added that \"there is no evidence to suggest that this was a terrorist act,\" and that the FBI was working to determine the cause of the fire."
"The report also found that there was not a significant difference in the quality of the children's education, or in the amount of financial aid available to the schools."
"They were, however, the first to get a chance at being able to study in one of the first countries in the world to do so."
"It's also good to see that they are helping others get the necessary help and support they need."
"The launch has been delayed due to a security issue, but now is a great time to finally get into the action."
"There was a lot of talk about him playing well but I think he is in a good place."
"It's a pretty funny movie- it's the first time I've actually seen it, but it's still a pretty funny movie."
"But it was never really clear what was going on at the time, and so I decided I'd just do something about it."
"\"It's been a great challenge to get in the championship and I'm proud of that,\" Murray said."
"As a person who has spent time in London, I know that London is a city I'm used to."
"The North Korean government has refused to release the recording, claiming that it is a private recording and that it is in a public place."
"\"We've got to keep up the pace and get the game going for the team,\" said Hamilton, who finished with 11 points."
"The country's most senior court judge has warned that the government is likely to struggle to bring reforms to the system to the EU- countries, including the UK."
"'If you look at the health impact of the drugs, it is very clear that the majority of these people are not properly treated."
"We must not give the impression that we are changing our policy on terrorism, that we are going to solve the problem."
"It's not easy to be a mother in America, but when I see her on TV, I feel like I'm a mother, too."
"As a result, he said he decided to hold a formal referendum after receiving a flood of requests, and spoke to a \"stakeholder \"in his ruling."
"If you've made a mistake, then you can reach out to us and we'll be happy to help you."
"You want to be a part of the game, but you also want to have the opportunity to put yourself in a position where you can make plays."
"He said he would be playing the night before the Super Bowl and would then travel to Cleveland to attend the team's training camp."
"The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was treated in the hospital for her injuries and released from the hospital on Tuesday."
"It said a minister who was involved in the state's domestic affairs had told MPs he had asked the finance department for a reduction of the expenses."
"We'd like to thank the entire community and the entire local community for their support throughout the early days of this tragedy."
"But the more I thought about it, I realised that it was worth it, that you never know what's going to happen in the next three months."
"I don't think we are in a position where we have to look for new ways of doing things."
"\"I can't believe it is a 19- year- old,\" she said in the interview, the Associated Press reports."
"The trend is also driven by a sharp increase in the number of people looking for a job or looking for a better life abroad, which suggests the trend is spreading."
"I want to get in shape, I want to feel strong and ready for the future and I want to be a part of that."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say to the media because it's not the answer to our problems,\" he said."
"It's all about the work that you put into it, the attention you get on social media, and how you act when you get a phone call."
"The two men, who are also members of the Trump campaign, are in talks with the United Nations Security Council over Syria."
"The United States and China have been in close cooperation since late 2014, and Beijing is planning a three- day visit to Washington on Sept."
"I just think we're all going to have to be ready for the next game, that's all we know."
"The house was reported stolen in the early hours of Sunday, and police are treating it as a robbery."
"That's because these devices are designed to be worn on the outside of the body, not on the inside."
"He's a good story, I'm just saying, and I'm just saying I'm not going to let this go to the people."
"She called the center, which was closed, and asked to see the woman's identity, which was not made public."
"The museum is currently in the process of trying to secure a new contract for the site for $ 18 million."
"They are currently the most popular option for couples who have been together for more than 10 years, but experts say there is a catch."
"It was a nice surprise, as I've always had a pretty clear memory of the past."
"A major concern, however, is that new housing construction will affect the value of the area's natural resources."
"But I think that's why I think we need a lot of our troops to be on the ground fighting for our country, helping our people, and they're coming home."
"\"I'm not going to comment on that, but I don't think we should wait until after the campaign to see what Donald Trump thinks,\" he told CNN."
"The jury was told that the pair, who were both 18 at the time, had been married for two years."
"\"It's pretty amazing that you can get something that is one of the most iconic brands in the world,\" he said."
"As it stands, the two- year average was $ 16. 16 per month for a 20- year- old, while the 17- year- old was $ 21, $ 13 and $ 11 respectively."
"This is a good thing, because we'll be meeting him in person in the coming weeks to get his views on the matter."
"The UN report, released on Tuesday, says the rate of Syrian refugees moving into Europe is \"significantly \"lower than that in the rest of Europe."
"The study is the latest in a series of studies to highlight how Zika could be a leading cause of illness."
"One of the big things that drove me through the pitch is having been a part of the team for so long and it's great to be back with a bit more recognition."
"I would say the same thing to every football player who comes out of the game every week, but don't ask me if I've ever been a good quarterback."
"If you're a woman, you don't get to choose what's good for you or what's not good for your family."
"\"I think he is going to be the nominee and I think he is going to be a great president,\" Trump said."
"A woman's life may be at risk after a man has suffered a rare brain injury which left him with severe vision loss."
"\"I can't believe that this is happening to the young people of the state,\" she said."
"A spokesman for the Home Office confirmed that \"all relevant authorities were contacted \"and that the UK was \"committed to making sure the safety of the UK was maintained."
"While the proposal is not likely to succeed, it will give a sense of hope that something could be coming."
"\"He's a big, strong guy, and he's got the ability to beat anybody on the floor,\" James said."
"The problem is that it is not quite the same as the whole world of international politics, because the United States is much more involved than ever."
"There are about 100 people on the island, which was hit by a devastating earthquake that killed more than 10, 000 people."
"The Northern Ireland Independent says it has been published in the UK newspaper, and it is believed to be from the same source."
"The footage was posted to YouTube, a site where thousands of people have watched the scene of a crime in Syria."
"At a time when the Republican Party is struggling to win any of the remaining House and Senate seats in a competitive race, it is time to look again at the policy implications of this presidential race."
"It's not that we're not willing to do it, but that we're not doing it in a competitive way."
"The researchers found that those who had attempted suicide before their mid- 20s had an average 10- year survival rate of around 15 per 100, 000 people."
"\"I would have liked to go for a short break, but the game was going to be very, very hard,\" he said."
"And as I got older, I realized that the woman who came to me for help and love, who had a lot of weight, was my own person."
"A spokesperson for the Ministry of Justice said that any additional fees for information sharing could be passed on to the Police Department."
"That's why, to date, we have not seen any evidence of a bombing or any of those things happening,\" he said."
"They want to go down as one of the most successful teams in the world and make the finals, which is why they won the league in the first place."
"What's really great is that there's so many different ways you can create an image with your body."
"He said the ship had moved about 6. 4 miles, but was able to make contact with the other side by means of a small satellite."
"The app will work with apps on your phone, including Apple's Air, and it will be available to anyone who wants to use it."
"\"I didn't think it was going to be any worse than last season and I think that's what I'm focused on,\" he said."
"It's been a great experience to be in the small circle of people and to be part of that is definitely something I want to do."
"And we're going to talk a lot of golf, we're going to talk about it, but I also think we have to do some things together, too."
"It is understood the fire is now being treated as a hate crime, although authorities don't yet know why this happened."
"At one point, I was working out how to hold the ball with the left hand and it was a long shot."
"In the second quarter of 2015, it lost $ 35. 6 billion in the U. S., according to the consumer finance website."
"To win here, they need to go into a second round and if they do, they need to take home the title."
"The United States is not a member of the European Union, and the Obama administration has said that it would not seek a diplomatic solution to the crisis."
"But we did win a lot of games, and I'm pretty confident that we can play good football."
"She said:'I've been looking for the bus for a long time and I just don't have it."
"\"It's been a big shift in how we talk about the process of choosing our children,\" he said."
"For months, the U. S. government and media have been claiming that a man was killed in a drone strike that killed the top Saudi military official."
"I'm not a politician, but I've got a very clear vision about what we want to do and where we want to go."
"Mr. Trump is the first president in history to use the term \"Islamic terrorism \"in a public speech, and it is not the first time that he has used it."
"She said:'I had a sister who I had been through so I knew that I had to be ready to give it all back."
"\"This will be a great example of how the EU can work together to find solutions to the most serious problems,\" she said."
"The procedure involved first removing a portion of the skin with a soft, metal object and then putting the skin back in place."
"To be clear: The first lady and first daughter were never the same, but they did share a love for one another."
"The new one- bedroom house costs \u00a3 1, 800 a month- or \u00a3 1, 200 per month- for those who live with their parents."
"\"The chairman has a lot of weight with the police, so I don't know what that will be,\" he said."
"While the numbers have been increasing in recent years, the minimum wage is not expected to hit the same level for several years."
"\"There's a lot of pressure on the market at the moment and a lot of people are concerned about the future,\" he said."
"The other 10 states also have an individual cap on abortion access, which the Obama administration has insisted is sufficient to address the country's growing concerns about the use of abortion."
"\"I think it's one of the best moments in my life and hopefully it will be the last one,\" he said."
"If you're a young or a young- looking person, you don't want to be an adult."
"But the primary is still open and she hopes to get in on the action this weekend with a large crowd of supporters in her victory party."
"The company expects to get $ 30 million in the 2017 fiscal year, though it's unclear how much it will get."
"The mother- of- two said she was now confident that she could live on her own once she got home."
"As a result, the company said it was now looking for a new owner and is working on a possible sale."
"The company has been building its network of hotels in India since 2013 and has planned to open a second hotel in India by the end of this year."
"We want to be able to meet our customers in real time and ask them to take advantage of this service."
"And he's never had to tell a single child that he's married, or that he's a great dad, or that he's a great husband."
"The Australian dollar has jumped as much as 2. 4 percent in the last 12 months, according to Australian central bank data."
"The Obama administration is considering whether to ease the sanctions imposed on the Iranian nuclear program over its nuclear program."
"But we would expect the company to be able to continue to add value for investors and to continue to improve its results over the next 12 months."
"I'd say about 30% of the population who are married and have children will be watching this documentary."
"The Conservative MP said the Government should be prepared to make a decision in a referendum that the public could vote on."
"At the same time, the four- week average of the nine questions asked of student body members was 1. 4 points lower than last year's average."
"You can't find a way around it and I don't think that's going to happen, so I'm just going with the process."
"\"They said, \"Do you know anything about me?\"and I told them I had no knowledge of what they were talking about."
"\"He was in this program and it's not something I'm thinking about going into the next year,\" he said."
"\"I've been training for my senior year, so I don't have to worry about that,\" he said."
"But the issue has since become a presidential one, with Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders both campaigning for the ticket."
"The decision was a \"moment of truth \"to the inquiry's work and was \"deeply disappointing \"to members of the public who had raised concerns about potential conflicts of interest."
"The first, well- received piece of research shows that people who look different from the others in the group can also change their skin tone."
"\"There is no need for me to change anything, as the case has already been made,\" he added."
"\"There's no doubt he's a good person, a great leader of our party, and we all respect him,\" he said."
"I was going to say I was going to say yes, but I just felt like it didn't really matter."
"This is a clear and present danger to the public, and the government has made it clear that it will act to protect them."
"It is a thing that we're going to put a lot of money into, and we're going to have a lot of time to look at it."
"In the past six months, the number of Australians on disability has increased by 12. 5 per cent, while the number of Australians on mental illness has increased by about 4. 5 per cent."
"I think it's pretty impressive because I've never heard of that before, and I just got that sense of awareness."
"The couple's two young children, aged seven and 10, were in the car with their parents when the shooting occurred."
"'I got my school in and had a wonderful time in class,' she says as she sits next to her daughter on a hot summer's day."
"The maximum sentence for this offence is 20 years in prison, but the court decided to sentence it to a one- year minimum."
"The young woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told investigators she took the medication as part of her treatment."
"It's a little bit of a grey area, but I know that we're going to be hard on ourselves."
"And that's not to say that the government won't take action and try to get them to change."
"\"We are in the process of developing a plan to introduce similar legislation to the current law,\" he said."
"I was standing at the bottom of a small platform, with my hands out in front of me, and the water was coming out."
"\"The primary thing I'd like to see is that the intelligence community take it out,\" he said."
"He said: \"You can imagine how tough it is to be out in the open and suddenly have to face a group of people who have had to do it for so long and all of them have come out in support."
"As the national head of the US- led coalition against the Islamic State (IS) in Syria, Mr Trump may be prepared to use military action to keep America safe."
"I think it is important that we recognise that this is a serious issue that is affecting our society, and that we need to be held to account."
"The Scottish government has said it is confident it can win in the battle for Scottish independence after a defeat in the 2015 independence referendum."
"On the other hand, with a free trade agreement, Britain would have to agree to follow the example of other European nations."
"The UN says more than 800, 000 people have been killed in the five years since the ceasefire was declared."
"\"It's hard to see the negative impact of a ban because we know we don't have to work with a lot of the same people,\" he said."
"It's important to remember that the state is a private sector company, so there is no guarantee it will provide the same level of service."
"If we can come up with an economic plan that is more sustainable and sustainable for the long term, then it's possible."
"The Bank of England was able to save \u00a3 25 billion on interest rates in the years leading up to its biggest ever interest rate rise."
"As for the past, she says that she never expected to be given such a much needed break, but was surprised at how much of a change she had made."
"That's a major development and we'll keep working with them as we continue to investigate how the man was killed."
"It's also the first time a UK force has been involved in a conflict in Syria since the start of the Syrian civil war."
"I would like to see the SNP make a positive move in Scotland, which is why I'm pushing for the creation of a Scottish Green Cabinet."
"They're all still young, but that's really the biggest thing: the opportunity to play with them."
"A couple of weeks ago, my family said that my son was going to die at 15- but now, they're saying that he's still alive."
"However, a review of the budget data shows the state's workforce will be cut by almost \u00a3 1. 5 million in the next parliament."
"The survey also found that those who voted for the Brexit campaign chose to leave the EU rather than stay in."
"The number of people seeking asylum in Greece has increased by more than 60% since the start of the year, the European Commission said on Friday."
"They will also be part of a new government- appointed committee to review the project, with new members expected to be appointed by the end of the year."
"It was in the hope that people would go for the cash, and the higher the price, the more people would use it."
"We've got an old lady who lives in a house which was really nice, but there's a lot of stuff that's in there."
"At the end of the day, if you have a manager who is not able to protect you, then you have to come back and get the results you want."
"After I did that I thought it might be an idea to go on the BBC and do some show- making."
"However, he said he wanted to go to the school with the kids to talk about the case but didn't want to go through the whole process."
"He said: \"There are many ways we can learn to recognise and recognise language, and that's the most important way to learn to speak."
"It's not easy to win, especially on the road, but we have to take the positive with the negative."
"But the bottom line is that the economy is in better shape than many people had anticipated and, as we all know, there's no guarantee that that will change."
"The same could be said about the younger generation, who are looking for a more peaceful life, in a country where it is illegal."
"The party's chairman has said he will not run for re- election this year and that he would be prepared to risk his career if it were to change hands."
"The whole world's watching you tonight, it's going to be a lot of fun."
"The use of alcohol in the NHS is on the rise and is growing, but as a proportion of the population, we should never be in a position to ignore it."
"But the rise of Donald Trump, the billionaire businessman's victory in the US presidential election, is only bringing about change."
"That's a big deal because it's not just the work of two guys, it's the work of all of us."
"She has a lot of experience in writing, and she's a very sensitive writer and she's not the kind of person to take sides."
"It's so important for us to be able to make our voices heard, and then to support and encourage them to make their voices heard."
"We will look to bring more games this season, and we have a lot of things to play for at this point of the season."
"But we're getting a lot more of them than we've been in years,\" he said."
"I hope that when people do come to me and say, \"You're on the show,\" that they're more than just an artist."
"But they've been at it for a while and they've won so many matches that they can win this match."
"We didn't have any money to pay our rent, we had to rely on the government to pay for our mortgage, and there was no way we could afford to buy a house in the first place."
"But we do need to continue to improve, and I think it is very important that we continue to put ourselves in a position where we can do that."
"A video from the festival showed people walking around the area with people walking around them and the scene was getting more and more violent."
"I felt like I had to play in the first half, because I knew I would have to make that change."
"To be able to do that, you have to have that level of communication and that level of belief that you're going to get out there and do what you need to do to win games."
"He says: \"You can't get out of a room without having your life changed, and this is exactly what he's trying to get."
"At that time, he was in custody and had been on death row for a total of four years."
"I don't know if that's true or not, but he'd do something for the fans that he's been here for a long time."
"He had become a strong, strong person who was willing to put up with his mistakes and put up with the fans."
"He wasn't going to play again until the middle of this year and that's when I was really upset."
"A lot of people are concerned that there is a real problem with the government of the day and it's not their fault."
"It's a bit like getting into a state of shock when you see that one person on TV."
"A real risk to the company's financial health, however, is that the situation may get worse before it gets better."
"The possibility of the UK remaining in the European Union came as a shock to some, but there is no doubt the UK's position is one it will not take for granted."
"She said: \"It is disappointing that a figure so low is being put forward for the Welsh Government."
"But the US will try to win by a lot more than that, and that means some very good things for the country."
"\"We want to make sure that this president will act on the decision that was made in the last days,\" he said."
"'I was very worried because I thought we were going to get caught and get back in the boat."
"They say she's only 30 years old, but that's only because she's got a lot of stock of hair."
"The win in San Antonio, the first time a Raiders team has scored at least 100 points in a game since 1994, was a rare reminder that the franchise can stay in the hunt."
"However, the government is set to announce this week that it will introduce a bill which could be introduced at the next parliament."
"The association, which includes the Royal Free University, said its members believed it had no evidence that the business had been linked to the EU's controversial digital data protection rules."
"We're going to see what happens with the team that wins the Super Bowl and we're going to see what happens with the defense."
"I'm always looking for new ways to do things that aren't getting done but that I think are going to be done."
"I'm really happy for them and the fans, and the fans are really pleased to see us winning the Champions League, but I think I've had a bit of luck in my career."
"A separate study by the university found that when people had to buy expensive items, they were more likely to buy an expensive product."
"I have been thinking about the risk to my health and mental health and how it can affect me, particularly in relation to relationships."
"\"If you're going to go into a world where you're not supposed to do this, I don't think that's fair,\" he said."
"A few days later, she had to tell friends that her husband had died, and she started a new job as a nurse."
"We're going to make sure that we're not going to change the current system, and we're going to change the system so that every child is protected, every child is protected, every child is protected,\" he said."
"This is a very unusual situation and we hope that our clients will be able to understand the situation and make a decision on their own."
"He says the team had worked hard to secure a competitive advantage for both teams and it was no different when the race was in place."
"It's more a case of getting to know the group, and how they are perceived by the audience."
"The company's full- year revenue fell to $ 6. 2 billion from $ 6. 7 billion a year earlier, compared to a loss of $ 5. 5 billion in the same period in 2015."
"\"If we can get them to come out, it's a good idea,\" he said of the Republican candidate."
"At this stage, we are not sure how many people were injured in the attack, but it is believed to be some 300 or 300 people."
"The airport was closed to all passengers and the airport said it was investigating the crash but was unable to confirm the cause."
"It's just the way I feel right now- it's my normal way of playing football and I'm going to try to do the same."
"He was the second- highest paid player in the NFL, earning $ 7. 7 million in 2015, more than any player in the league."
"\"We are not the only ones who have been trying to make that happen,\" Mr. Carter said."
"We've had to take it day by day and put up with that kind of pressure, but it's great to see some players stick to what they believe."
"He said that the school could not be held responsible for any of the incident, but would have to make a decision about whether to re- open the school."
"The UN says most of the world's women are forced to work in the oil industry in the Middle East, Africa and Asia."
"The two women have now been sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of a suspended term of 20 years."
"It's a sign that the Republican Party is becoming less and less conservative, and that's good for the country."
"There are quite a few people who have never had a baby and have no idea what it's like."
"It's a position that Clinton and Trump have both won, and one that Trump has not taken."
"\"It's good to have that kind of positive energy around you, even if you don't feel like you're at home,\" she said."
"The board had no way of knowing whether the money would be available to pay for more than three months of expenses, Mr. James said."
"And it was the young lady's mother who told the jury:'I told you, you are not going to get married."
"\"I've always thought that when you start to find yourself in a bad position, there is a good reason to quit,\" she told the crowd."
"That means the federal government is spending a lot of money in the state, and the law allows it to spend some of that money on city schools."
"\"I'll have the right to ask for it if that's in the best interest of the players or not,\" he said."
"\"We've got to make sure that he's going to be ready and ready for Saturday,\" he said."
"The Warriors are a real threat with the new third- team pick, and they're playing against one of the best teams in the league."
"\"We've just got to make sure that we get the right guys on the pitch at the right time,\" he said."
"\"I'm afraid, in my mind, that if I don't say it, people will see it,\" she says."
"It is clear, however, that it is not enough to turn your back on the soul and its purpose."
"I do know that the white people who are supporting me don't want me to do the things I did."
"There's no doubt he's going to have a massive impact and he's not going to play for much longer."
"The shooting of a young black man by police is an example of the need for justice in this country."
"The company did not comment on the documents and said it did not make any secret of its data."
"\"I'm going to be working hard, my family is going to be working hard, I'm going to be doing everything I can to be the best coach in the world,\" he said."
"They don't believe that all the EU citizens living in the country, even those who are not citizens, are able to vote in the referendum."
"I hope to have a conversation with her about all of the things she says she wants to talk about, and I would like to hear what she thinks."
"We're hoping to give them a life of comfort and meaning, something they can never achieve."
"I've been watching the series since it's been on, and I'm pretty sure I'm going to be watching it as well."
"And the same will be true if the government- with the support of some of the most senior figures in government- are to do so."
"If I have a problem, it's because I've made it very difficult for my family,\" she said."
"He said:'I have a son, my husband and a daughter, I've only got one job: to look after my house."
"He said he was never asked to go back, but this time, he was not alone in his frustration."
"You can see that at times it's not a good idea to talk about it, but if you're talking about it it's a good idea to talk about it."
"The night before she started writing her novel, she had just sent a text to her boyfriend telling him she was going to bed."
"After the new rule was introduced, the number of cases could fall by 50 per cent or more in the next two years."
"That's when I had a feeling something was off, but I wasn't sure if I had any hope of getting back in."
"\"If you're going to make that money, you have to make that money for the next three to five years,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure we're not going to be a country like we were 20 years ago,\" she said."
"She has been married to her father since her mother's death in 1996, and she and her husband have a son, Sam."
"He added:'It's a matter of when and how it happens, I don't know, but it's a matter of when."
"The Rams also have a lot of depth on defense, but there's still a lot of questions about whether he can run the pass."
"If they want to be part of the 2016 Olympics, they'll have to make the decision at their own pace."
"'I am looking forward to being with you as well, and I'm sure you will enjoy the wedding as well."
"It was something I hadn't done in a while, but I would like to think I had it in my head when I was growing up."
"I remember the first time I met a gay couple at a friend's house in Glasgow, when they were meeting to celebrate their wedding day."
"A key problem for the group is the lack of education for migrants, who account for more than half of the migrants living in the UK."
"It's not really easy to get there, I've been here for eight years, and you just have to stick with it."
"Trump has called for a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants from seven Muslim- majority countries, including Iraq, Syria and Iran."
"I got a call saying I would be on the way to work and he asked if he could come back in two minutes."
"On the other hand, it is unclear what effect a future vote on the bill would have on the company, which has been struggling with cuts in its staff."
"The officers had their guns drawn and were standing guard outside the station when they heard shots and saw a suspect enter the station."
"\"The idea of being treated by the police is not a new one in my family,\" she said."
"It's not as if he doesn't know what he's doing, so he can't see how he's doing it."
"He is not on the list, and in fact, the police could not be sure he was not at the home."
"At the end of the day, he's a good player and we're going to keep him."
"That's not to say I didn't have a wonderful time, I really did, but I just couldn't make it up."
"\"That's why I've been talking about this,\" he said on a conference call with reporters in December."
"A third of UK adults, the equivalent of 55, 000 new cases of heart disease each year, are diagnosed by drugs, the study found."
"\"This is a huge blow to her, and I wish she would just wake up and look at her, go to sleep,\" he said."
"The council says the new legislation will increase property values by 20 per cent by the end of the decade."
"\"I'm not sure I've been doing that for a long time,\" he said in an interview."
"The price is not so bad, it's just that I haven't spent any time there since I was 17."
"And, after a couple of months, she was sent home by a police officer who suggested she get married."
"The verdict also found that the Syrian government's military had carried out chemical attacks on the city of Aleppo in March 2015."
"\"I'm very proud of the work I've done as a lawyer and a judge,\" she said."
"The former Manchester City and England manager was sacked by United after the club's European Cup semi- final defeat by Chelsea."
"I have been involved with the team for 15 years and it is a dream to play at the top level."
"This is the man who has failed to take his business elsewhere and who, having failed to make this case in court, has no option but to make a new one."
"We are going to go into a game with a lot of points and we will be ready to go in the second half."
"After the Texas senator's defeat in the Texas Senate race, some analysts were concerned that he would not secure enough votes to overcome a Republican field that included three Texas Democrats."
"The current high cost of electricity has caused the crisis in electricity supply in the west of England and Scotland and there is now a risk of a power cut in Scotland."
"The fact is that we have many things to worry about, and that we don't want to put ourselves in a position where we are in a position where we don't feel safe."
"\"It's just an honor to be nominated,\" she said, adding, \"We're going to do our job, we'll do our job."
"However, it is more difficult to explain why this is, since we only know of its existence in the past."
"But he said that he wanted to deliver on the pledge of giving to all those who had worked so hard for the cause."
"And the reality is that there are people who want to be president, and people who want to be in Congress, and people who want to have influence in government."
"\"The announcement was so exciting that I had to go back to my room and re- read it,\" he said."
"I think there is a real opportunity to take the game back in the right direction, and we will see what happens."
"In the past, the Middle East has been an important hub for ISIS, with a large pool of foreign fighters."
"There is no one in the camp who doesn't feel that a vote to leave the EU will lead to more freedom for Scotland to explore."
"\"I'm just trying to get through the day, and just to be with my kids and just enjoy life and just keep going,\" he said."
"And what we are going to do is ensure that the people of our country have the opportunity to take advantage of it."
"A 2016 study of more than 6, 000 children and teenagers found that the average age at which children were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes was 32. 9."
"There are a lot of things that you should never do, and that's the first thing that I should never do."
"\"I think it is important that this issue is not just about the price of a gas, but also about how it is being spent,\" he said."
"I really don't think that we have any advantage at all and I think that is one of the reasons why we are getting the votes."
"\"They did it for the right reasons,\" Mr. Trump said in an interview, referring to his immigration plans."
"A number of them have already been arrested, but it's unclear if the police are the same ones who are behind the four deaths."
"The bill, passed by the House on July 27, would require employers to pay employees in full- time equivalent wages up to five years in an average annual salary."
"A Syrian government military source told Reuters the government was considering the possibility of holding another peace talks in Geneva."
"We're just going out there and playing our best golf and making plays and we're going to play our best golf."
"He called for a \"full and independent investigation \"into the claims made by the committee and said it would be \"very difficult \"to find the names."
"As a manager, you are not there to do the work for him, you are there to do it for the players, for the manager."
"The very first thing I did when I started out in this business, I took it in and said, I'm going to try and do it better."
"I have seen my sons get into trouble with the law as a result of their actions, but I will not make these claims."
"He wants to play in a world No. 1, so we're going to be looking at a world No. 1 for the next year and a half."
"He also has a strong background in engineering, and I feel he would be a great partner to use in the development of the communications networks and control systems."
"\"I know that every time we come here we'll be in the same boat as you,\" he told the crowd."
"I was in England for seven years, and I never got a chance to play the game but it was a great experience for me."
"I'm delighted to be able to continue to help and support our amazing female fans, with a lot of help and support."
"The results are expected to be announced by the end of the month, but there is a good chance they will not be released before the end of the year."
"It's all very well to be able to buy the wrong products but it's not the case here."
"So why is it that if you talk about how we're not going to do this, we're not going to do this, we're not going to get it done?"
"This is the greatest public relations coup for a party I have ever seen and it is a massive step forward for our country and the European Union."
"The court heard how the pair had sex six times and the next day he stabbed her in the back with a kitchen knife."
"\"We want to put this off for the next couple of days because it's a personal matter,\" he said."
"The most recent poll found Mrs. Clinton with a 1- point lead over Mr. Trump and now leads Mr. Trump by 5 points."
"The Chinese government said it would try to find the five men for themselves, but no one was allowed to be interviewed."
"\"I don't think he's going to be in this situation for long, because he's going to be a very, very successful player in this league,\" Murray said."
"When I say I'm interested in the public, I mean all of them- not just the left- but the right."
"He told BBC Scotland: \"There is a problem with our national park in the south of Scotland, it's in a poor state of repair."
"The 55- year- old actor, who is married to actress Sarah Jessica Parker, was one of the most high- profile political figures to visit the United States in recent years."
"\"We are not in a position to determine what is going to happen, but we are prepared to work with the Russians,\" he added."
"The vote to leave is the third time this country has held elections since 2008, but the first since 1999."
"\"If I'd been there at all, I probably wouldn't have got there,\" she said."
"The North has warned that it would be more difficult to hold the country together if the United States is forced to do more to defend itself."
"We need to have that one- off match, we need to be able to play well against the champions of the world."
"\"The threat is not that I am going to be president, but that I am going to be surrounded by this powerful, powerful wall,\" Trump said."
"\"I've got a lot of players who are younger than me and we're trying to get better,\" he says."
"The report says that more than 80 percent of households had less than a $ 1, 000 per household credit card."
"The survey showed that 68 percent of Americans were very worried about their jobs or jobs opportunities in the coming days, compared to 41 percent of those who were very worried."
"It's only on this stage that we can really identify who is responsible for the killing, and why."
"\"I know that our economy is weak and that the public and private sector are working very, very hard to make our economy stronger,\" he said."
"On the other hand, just in case you haven't noticed, the British government is taking a bigger interest in European citizens than ever."
"In fact, the answer to this question is this: it's a good question- and it's one that we can answer."
"But it would not have been possible, if the United States were the European Union, for a strong military alliance to be established with the European Union."
"\"It is not only the responsibility of the government to bring in the funding for our schools, but to ensure that we can provide the funding for them,\" he said."
"For those of you who don't know, my daughter is a big fan of The Blair Show."
"And I think you're going to see a lot of young people coming out and supporting Sanders because that is what we've been doing."
"It is also a fundamental principle of the UN's mission to promote global peace and stability, and is in the interests of the entire region."
"The company's share price has risen by more than 30% since the start of 2015, according to Bloomberg."
"\"We're doing a lot of work to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that we're doing the best we can,\" he said."
"\"I think the worst thing about it is that I don't know what it is,\" he said."
"\"The evidence suggests that they were less likely than other prisoners to have had a drink,\" the report said."
"And while the government has insisted that more information will be released on Thursday, some analysts believe that no- one will ever know the exact number."
"One example is the record of the first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, which was broadcast live on Fox News on Feb."
"But I think there is a lot of people that are looking at that and it is not because they want to be seen as crazy."
"And I have to say that I know that in order to win, you need a really good squad and a really good coach to play the right way."
"The International Committee of the Red Cross said it was \"not clear \"whether the US- led coalition would do any more airstrikes in Syria."
"This is a young man and a woman who have been kicked out of their home by someone they have no idea was there and they are feeling safe."
"'I've never seen a kid so young when he's been at a top level, which is the greatest thing in the world."
"\"I don't think that we've reached the point where we need to reach the point where we just can't get rid of it,\" she said."
"The government plans to introduce a new series of taxes on the wealthy, which would bring in an average tax cut of 1. 5 per cent, the Times reported."
"They said they were told it was a hate crime and asked if the video was real and would be taken down."
"But when I saw the people that were doing that, I knew that was a good thing, because that's how they should be."
"The best way to make sure your kid is safe is by keeping them safe and seeing how they respond to the world."
"We can't take that away from the fans, who will be working hard to support the club to be able to make the right decisions for their club."
"The seven- year- old was diagnosed with the condition after she was diagnosed with the condition at a later stage."
"They could get the job done without having to be in a position to compromise on anything,\" she said."
"We are always thinking of new ways to engage with the community and we hope the focus will move on to our next album."
"But a new study shows that even that approach isn't a good idea for many people- and it may not be the answer you think it is."
"This time, I feel like I'm just trying to look good in front of people and that's all I can say."
"The singer has said he wants to leave his family, but not before telling his wife that he's leaving the country."
"You have to give all the credit to your teammates for giving you a win- lose situation, but we were a bit disappointed that we weren't able to get it done."
"It's a huge step to go from the six- year- old to the 14- year- old."
"The model has just 1. 1 percent of the market in the United States, compared with more than 700 million cars sold in the country."
"As it turns out, many of those who believe Trump is a fraud are actually quite upset."
"We were a little bit nervous about going back to the same road course again but it turned out OK."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to make sure that everything is working out for us,\" he said."
"\"I think that I'd rather be able to look after my family and that of the family than have people keep me in jail,\" he said."
"I can't believe I did this to her, but I'm pretty sure that when she took the photo, I saw it."
"Mr Scott said it was too early to tell whether the FBI had the evidence to pursue a similar request, but it could be presented."
"\"It's really important for everyone to remember this is an international competition, and we want to do it right here in the UK,\" said the 22- year- old."
"\"It's a small but important step forward in the process,\" he said, adding: \"We need to have a robust debate about this."
"I know my players are going to give me credit for that, and it's not only the result that will get you the medal."
"\"He's the only one I ever said I was not into, but he was always right for me,\" the actor said."
"\"I just thought we should let them have it and not worry about what's going to happen next,\" she said."
"I don't have any more money, I'm too old, I've got some other money I need to get back."
"I'm going to look at that and see what the benefits are and what the value of the relationship is."
"\"They are also the victims of terrorism, and they deserve to be treated with respect,\" he told parliament."
"I would like to thank the players and coaches who have been working with me over the years and have given me the confidence to work in the future."
"\"I think there's a great opportunity for a lot of us to get back into politics,\" she said."
"\"I was actually kind of surprised by how it worked out,\" she says in the video."
"He had no idea what his son was doing, but he was so proud of the fact that he was able to meet with him and explain what he was doing."
"When you're in the Premier League you know how to play, and that's where you want to be."
"But he said that the current administration has no plans to increase the federal minimum wage, which has grown from $ 7. 25 an hour to $ 10 an hour in the last six years."
"He said the younger workers were likely to be responsible for such a huge loss of income, but the trust's director was also happy."
"For me, it's a celebration of the fact that I didn't end up playing at the same level as I did at the start of the season."
"When he was 19, I was told that my father had gone missing and I knew I had to find him."
"'I have been through hell in my life and it is my duty to do the right thing,' he said."
"If the world is going to end, they're going to have to do a lot better than they're doing right now."
"But if we want to give the UK the best possible future, we need to be careful not to miss the boat."
"It's a very, very difficult time for us as a group, with the way that we've grown."
"He did not want to be remembered for his career, but he did not want to be remembered for the things that happened during the four years that followed."
"I got the call when I was 19 and didn't think I'd ever get to be a dad again."
"The company has also been criticised over delays in its payments to police, which have been delayed for years."
"Mr Turnbull was pressed on why he would be spending more than the next prime minister, Theresa May, to sign up the prime minister's office."
"I don't see why I can't make a difference and it's just the nature of the job."
"You are told to be strong and show love to everyone and make sure you are a role model for people and the world."
"But in this case, it's about that very much, it's about how much we want to see this go away."
"If you've got two days off or two weeks off and you're stuck in a hotel room, it's not going to happen."
"We've played together a lot and we're both working very hard on it and looking forward to the next one."
"\"I feel like when I get more opportunities, I get a chance to play a little bit more and learn more,\" he said."
"The U. S., as a country with no military presence in the region, was also heavily criticized for its role in the conflict."
"\"I don't know, I think they probably are,\" he said, after his speech at the same event."
"That was followed by a three- day halt in construction and a visit to the Scottish Parliament by Theresa May."
"If you want to make a good impression, you need to be in control, not in the corner, you need to be calm."
"\"We have a lot of pressure in the Premier League, and it is not for me to be too critical,\" the England manager added."
"It's not just about some strange or unusual phenomenon, it's about what's going on in society and in my community."
"\"In the U. S., you go to a country that is very wealthy and rich in terms of its spending,\" he said."
"But we have to be clear that we need to be careful and we need to be very clear that we will not compromise our principles or our values."
"And I think he'll get the job done and I'm sure he'll be one of those guys that we're going to have a lot of fun with."
"It is not clear whether the cause of the accident is connected to the fire or other causes, the study said."
"I've had a bit of a break but I'm starting to think I might come back to work after this."
"I thought he'd be happy to get on with it but I wasn't expecting him to do that and he didn't."
"This is an urgent issue, because we need to be able to provide funding to all our countries when we come to this agreement."
"I could have moved more in and tried to find an artist who was going to write a piece about my experience, but that wasn't possible."
"But they are also seeing a change in how the city is dealing with the Zika virus, and they are concerned about the impact that might have on the area."
"\"If you can't get past the cycle of poverty and violence, then you're either going to see your children killed or you're going to have to take your children out of school,\" she said."
"If the women's team gets their way, it could take the pressure off of the NRL to have a female coach."
"The move came as the Democratic National Committee held a two- day meeting to discuss what to do next with its staff."
"They were at least as lucky as the other passengers who were left behind, the report said, adding that one woman was killed and two others were injured."
"And then we've got to start doing a lot of things that we're not going to do for the next 10 or 15 years."
"\"It's one of the reasons why I'm involved in the movement,\" he told me, noting that the people who want to change it don't want to be part of a movement."
"The former secretary of state also won in the South Carolina primary, in which she led with 62 percent support, while Trump won with 46 percent of the vote."
"The UK's financial services sector has seen a dramatic fall in its value since the Brexit vote."
"I just feel that we have a very good team going forward and that we are going to get it done."
"There are a lot of young players coming through now who want to be at the top level of their game."
"You don't want your partner to be the one who takes care of you, you don't want to be the one who leaves the house after you've gone."
"So I'm just trying to make sure it's a good environment for us to do well and have a great season."
"\"I think it's going to be very difficult for the White House and the Congress to reach agreement,\" Mr. Ryan said."
"\"I do feel that my father, who died in 1994, would be a big influence in my life,\" he says."
"It's a really great position to be in, the ground floor, and I feel like I'm going to be able to get the job done."
"The court heard there were allegations of racism against the girl's mother, but not of any serious offence."
"He also has a two- year prison sentence for the first offence, which carries a potential fine of $ 25, 000."
"One of the goals of the campaign has been to get the rights to the EU referendum as soon as possible and that's the only way to achieve that."
"I was not happy with the timing, but he was so eager to see me on the night that he put a little holiday card over the edge."
"In a statement, the Department of Health said the government would continue to work with the Scottish government to establish the best way forward."
"But it's important to note that this doesn't mean that the vast majority of buyers will pay the full price."
"He said: \"I've got a fantastic team, the fans, the players, the coaches and I've got a great future ahead of me."
"But for all the rhetoric, the fact that the UK is still in the EU is a lot less controversial than many think."
