"\"I've been in a lot of situations where I've been told that I'm not going to be able to play and I'm not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"It's a big part of our business, and I'm sure we will continue to do so,\" she said."
"The point is that if the same thing happens in other places, it's very likely that the same thing happens in the United States."
"\"I don't know how to explain it,\" he said, adding that the government had not yet done so."
"The women are not going to be happy for a while because they have to get married, but they're going to have to work."
"\"I can't tell you how many times I've had to go through that, but I've had to go through it,\" he said."
"The last time a Republican candidate won the White House was in 1992, when Ronald Reagan won the popular vote by two million votes."
"It's a really good story that the media have been trying to sell it for years and it's really good."
"The first thing you have to do is to be patient, you have to be patient and you have to be patient and you have to be patient and that's what I did."
"\"I am confident that our team will continue to work together and will continue to work hard to deliver the best possible result for our customers,\" he said."
"The full extent of the damage is yet to be seen, but it is believed to be at least three feet of concrete."
"I was playing a lot of football and I'm sure there are plenty of guys in the squad who can do that."
"\"I was just trying to help him and I knew he was going to be fine, so I did what I had to do,\" she said."
"The Labour leader will spend the next two days campaigning in Scotland and the north- east, where he is due to hold a major rally."
"\"I can't think of a better way to do this,\" he told reporters at the White House."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said:'We are aware of reports of a knife attack in the city centre on Monday morning."
"The number of people who have been convicted of murder has risen by nearly 30 per cent since 2005- but the death penalty is still the only option for many people."
"I have always been in favour of the EU, and I have been very clear on the need for it to be a free trade zone."
"The attack came after a series of high- level meetings between the two countries in the wake of the Paris attacks."
"In the last three years we've been successful and we've got a good group of players, we've got a good squad, and we're getting better."
"A few years ago, the Department of Health said it would have to get rid of the label on its products."
"\"I don't know why it's not done in the UK, but it's a great shame,\" he said."
"The University of Toronto's research found that the number of students at the top of the educational market rose by about one- third between 2009 and 2013."
"The pair had been spotted in the same area on Thursday and had been spotted in the same area on Saturday, police said."
"The former Manchester United manager is likely to take a leave of absence from the club if he is not sold by the end of the summer."
"The U. S. is seeking to boost its role in the region through the construction of a new nuclear power plant, the Pentagon said."
"She said she had been in touch with her mother, who had been in touch with her family, and had told them she was OK."
"It's very exciting to see where we are in the league now and it's a good feeling to be playing in front of a big crowd."
"The first one I was really surprised with was when he told the crowd, \"I am going to the White House."
"A new poll has revealed that the majority of voters are still not convinced about the future of the UK's relationship with the EU."
"A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was discovered in a field in the town."
"The fact that the government has not yet decided on a new constitution is a huge blow to the democracy movement."
"\"I'm not sure what it's going to be, but I'm looking forward to it,\" she said."
"The former secretary of state has not yet released her tax returns, which would be the first time she has done so since releasing them in 2008."
"He said: \"I've had a lot of good things come out of the campaign and I've been able to get on with my life."
"\"It is not possible to say what the outcome of this dispute will be in the future,\" he told reporters."
"We've been working on it for a long time and I think it's been a really good time."
"It's the first time in my career that I'm going to play in a game that I didn't want to go to."
"If you're going to be in the business of providing a service, it's not just about how you're going to pay for it."
"It's been a difficult time, but I've got a lot of friends and family who are here."
"The company's stock rose 1. 3% to $ 40. 43, its best performance in a year."
"The rise of the Brexit vote, the Brexit vote, the Brexit vote is a political phenomenon that is changing the world for the better."
"The government will also have to pay the fees for the people who have been involved in the protests and those who were involved in the protests themselves, as well as the costs associated with that."
"\"I think it's going to be a very good thing for the country,\" he told reporters."
"It's been a long time coming, but we've got to be ready to go and we're ready to go."
"The first woman to lead a major party in the United States, Hillary Clinton, has been in the spotlight for years."
"I think there is a lot of talk about how the EU has failed and that the UK has failed, but it has failed because of the EU."
"But it's clear that the players who will get the job of captain for the next four or five years will have a different view."
"But I'm not going to let this happen to me, and I'm going to stand up for what I believe in and stand up for what I believe in."
"The only way to get rid of this issue is to put it in the hands of a group of people that will take care of it."
"In the last couple of years, I've been thinking about the future, and I'm very excited about the opportunities we've created for our students."
"\"I just think that the best way to make it clear that we're not going to win the next two games is to win the next two games,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the state of the state is right now, but I'm confident we will be able to move forward,\" he told reporters."
"\"I know a lot of people think that's a bad thing,\" he told CNN, referring to the debate."
"\"We've got to be very careful in the way we move forward because we're going to have to make the right decision,\" he said."
"The body of a man who was killed by police in a shooting on the Gold Coast has been found."
"The company said the first two years of its new deal with the U. S. government were worth $ 11. 5 billion."
"If the government is going to be in the market for a new car, it has to be ready to be delivered."
"It is not the first time that the two countries have had to face each other in this way."
"It's not a new idea, but it's a new one for me, I think, and I'm going to continue to explore the idea."
"It was a good start, but it was a little bit too early to tell, especially as we've got a lot of time before the end of the season."
"\"I don't want to be the person that has to go through all of this, and I'm not going to do that,\" he said."
"The only way to prevent this happening is to create a system of government that is open to everyone, and that is what we need."
"The company's shares were up more than 2. 5 percent to $ 1. 75 in after- market trading."
"It's a great opportunity for us to work with our local partners and help them make the best decision for their customers."
"A recent poll by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco found that the unemployment rate among those 65 and older fell to 4. 5 percent from 4. 9 percent."
"But if we can do that we can also do it in a way that doesn't damage the integrity of the process."
"\"It's not about who is the most popular, it's about who can get the most votes,\" she said."
"\"It's not something I've done before, but I'm just trying to keep the weight off,\" he said."
"The fact that we're at the top of the table doesn't mean we're not going to win,\" he said."
"But the Scottish government says it is doing everything it can to protect the rights of the public to use their phones."
"The two- year contract runs through the end of the season, and the club will be looking to add a new manager before the end of the season."
"And that's what the people of the United States need to hear, and that's what they need to know about Donald Trump, and I hope they hear it."
"I don't know how you do it but I'm going to try and do it and I'm going to make sure I get the ball in the right spot."
"\"We want to make sure that our young people are able to get the skills and the education they need to be successful,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure what he is going to do with his money,\" she said, adding that he was considering running for president."
"\"We have a number of customers who are not happy with the service and are looking for a change,\" he said."
"The fact that we've been able to get some really good results in the past year, that's something that I'm very happy about."
"I think that's what's important, I think that's what's important to me, I think that's what's important to my family and I think that's important to my team."
"The man who took the child from her, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was convicted of rape in January 2015."
"The next day, he told me he had a new girlfriend and he was ready to move back to the United States."
"But we've got to be honest, we've got a lot of work to do and we've got to be consistent."
"The company said it would add 12 new jobs in the second half of the year, with a further nine new jobs in the third and final quarter of 2016."
"He has a lot of money, and he has a lot of people, and he has a lot of people that want to help him, and they're not going to help him."
"The number of people who have not been able to go to the polls in the last six months has risen to an unprecedented record high."
"But the fact that they were able to do that, it's not surprising that they have this incredible ability to do it."
"\"I would say to the media, you know, we're a club that has a lot of things going on,\" he said."
"He said he was \"not surprised \"that the number of people having to leave their homes could be higher than normal."
"The issue of whether the man who shot and killed the man was armed or not was not raised in the video."
"It's a big game for us and we have got to be a lot more patient in the second half and make sure we get a lot of chances."
"If we had not had the two games against the same side, we would have won the league but we didn't."
"\"I'm not going to go into what the punishment will be for that, but I think it's a good punishment,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to make sure that the right people are in the right place at the right time,\" he said."
"\"It's hard to make a decision, but I would say that I'd rather not be in the position,\" he said."
"The council said it had been in contact with the father and his family and was aware of the matter."
"The police and emergency services are working closely with the authorities to identify the missing men and provide any assistance they may have."
"The Chinese government has said it wants to sell its assets, and the company is likely to be sold in the next few weeks."
"The country's economy grew at an annual rate of 2. 5 percent in 2015, the fastest in the world, according to the World Bank."
"The UK is a member of the EU and has been a member since the UK voted to leave in June 2014."
"I want to say thank you to the staff and the people of the University of Canberra for their support over the past 12 months."
"It's a pretty cool concept to have, but I'm not going to go out there and say it's the only way I can go forward."
"He said he did not know the extent of the injuries, but said the officer had been shot in the chest, but had not been shot in the head."
"They're not going to be able to afford it, and they're not going to be able to keep it, either."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the police, but was not ready to give any details about the investigation."
"The government has so far refused to comment on the claims, saying the details are not public and the government is not involved in the investigation."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said: \"The Metropolitan Police is investigating the incident and will make a decision on whether to charge someone with a crime."
"In a statement, the club said:'We are deeply sorry for the loss of a loved one and wish them the very best for the future."
"The figures are based on data from the 2015- 16 financial year, when the national average was \u00a3 30, 000."
"If you're going to be doing something, you're going to be doing it in a way that makes you feel good."
"The man, who has not been named, is described as being in his 20s and was last seen at a home in the village."
"He is not one of the most popular people in the country, but he is a popular person, and I think he has a lot of people that are very happy."
"The meeting comes just days before the first of two presidential debates, in which both candidates will face off in a contest that could determine the fate of the nation's two major parties."
"The result: the economy grew by 0. 2 percent in the first quarter of 2016, the second- slowest pace in a quarter of a century."
"It's been a very good year for me, I've been really happy with the way I've been playing and the way I've been playing and I'm really looking forward to the next three weeks."
"The campaign also said it is working with other agencies to improve safety, but that it will not comment further."
"I've been in this position before and it's not easy but I've got to be a little bit patient."
"He said: \"I want to make sure that all the migrants who have arrived in Europe are given the right to live in their own country."
"It's a great place to go for a meal, but we have to be careful when we're walking around it."
"The United Nations has estimated that up to 800, 000 people have been killed and more than a million displaced since the fighting began."
"I'm not going to go into details of what's going on with the team, but we're going to try to get the best out of them."
"\"I have no doubt that we will be able to work together to secure a resolution that will help the people of Syria,\" Mr Kerry said."
"\"The company is working with the police to identify those responsible and bring them to justice,\" the company said."
"\"I'm not sure how to answer that question, but I'm sure he's got a good answer,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we haven't had a chance to look at the history of the project,\" he said."
"I think that's what's going to happen in this campaign, and I think that's what's going to happen in the next two weeks."
"He said he would have to be \"confident \"at the end of the day, but he's not worried about the outcome."
"The group said it was also concerned that the potential for a terrorist attack was too great for the UK to take."
"It's not the first time the Rams have taken the field during the regular season, but they've never been the only ones to do it."
"We want to get as many people as we can into the hospital, and I think we can do that by providing a waiting room."
"The bill, which was introduced by House speaker Paul Ryan, has been opposed by many Republicans, including House leaders."
"\"We have a great squad and we can keep them in the Champions League and hopefully we can win it in the next two years,\" he said."
"The world's largest retailer will make its first- ever full- year profit, which will be close to its record- breaking \u00a3 1 billion."
"The government's plan is to make it harder for people to make a claim for unemployment benefits, as well as for employers to pay for them."
"I think it's time for all of us to come together, to work together for what's right."
"The average age for men and women to be diagnosed with cancer in the UK is now more than 50, compared to a decade ago."
"The last time I was in the game was in 2012 when I had five goals in five games and I am happy with that."
"The U. S. military is currently conducting airstrikes in Yemen against Islamic State militants, according to a U. S. official."
"If he wants to be an ambassador, he needs to go to a lot of places, and he needs to be a really good ambassador."
"The man was described as being in his 20s, with a build that was described as \"shorter than average \"and had a large build."
"I have a lot of friends who have been working on it, and I just wanted to make sure that it was the right thing to do."
"He said:'I'm sure we'll find a way to get her out of there, but it's going to take a lot of work."
"She said:'It was a very difficult time for me as a mother, I had to make sure that my daughter was safe."
"The union has said that a new contract will be introduced in the coming weeks, and that the new salary cap will be introduced in the coming weeks."
"He said he was worried that the country's government would be able to take control of the country's biggest bank."
"It is not yet clear how many people will get sick- the government has not confirmed whether it will be able to do so- but it is believed to be around 2, 000."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the position of not being able to say something,\" he said."
"I was in the room when the news broke, and I was like, this is what I'm going to do."
"\"I'm not going to say anything that's not true,\" he said, adding that he had no problem with the comments made by Trump."
"I'm not sure how many people know about it, but I think it's probably as many as three or four people."
"\"We have a very strong case to be able to get the money back,\" he said, adding that the state's appeal will be heard in December."
"In the past few weeks, he has started to think about his future, and he's not worried about the future yet."
"It's a good feeling to have, but it's not the same as having the best game of the season."
"The first thing I did was ask the community what they thought about the new stadium, which is quite a tall order."
"I'm not sure if it's going to be a big thing or not but it's a big thing."
"The former president and first lady is expected to spend much of Saturday campaigning in Wisconsin, where she's expected to take a close- up look at the state's Democratic primary."
"The two men have been in touch since the incident and have been in touch on social media with their families."
"\"I don't know if I could have done it without the help of my family,\" she said."
"\"I don't know how to explain it,\" he told me, \"but it is not a surprise that he is a very important figure in the Republican Party."
"If you're not ready to go to the White House, you can't be, and I can't be, if you don't have a vision of how we're going to get there."
"The Fed's interest rate cut in December was the first since January, and the second since January after it cut its benchmark rate in December."
"\"I was very happy with the way the team played tonight and I'm looking forward to the next game,\" he said."
"He has said he is \"not going to sit back and let this happen \"and is working on his own plans."
"The full- time equivalent of more than $ 1 million a year is estimated to be spent on a single school."
"It's the same for me, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, so I know what it's like to be here."
"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the future of this country and the future of our country."
"I've seen it in the last two years and I'm not going to be surprised if I'm going to see it again."
"\"We've been in this position for a long time, and I think it's time we get back to normal,\" he said."
"\"It's not that I don't like the way things are going, but I do think it's a bit of a blow- up,\" he said."
"In a new study, researchers at the University of Arizona and the University of California, San Diego, found that while the amount of sleep a person is able to get during the day is linked to their health, the amount of sleep a person"
"\"We are very pleased to have won the Scottish Cup, it was a great achievement for us, and we are proud to have won the Scottish Cup,\" he said."
"The United States is not the only country to have lost its way in the world after the 9 / 11 attacks."
"We've had a lot of hard work and a lot of hard work, and we've got to go out and play the way we've played."
"A lot of people don't like the idea of being on the court, but you have to put your best foot forward."
"\"It's a great feeling, it's a great feeling to be a part of something that's important to me and to me,\" he said."
"The three- year- old was found dead in her bed in the morning of October 11, 2016, the day after she had been shot."
"The men were all in their 20s, but were not armed, and were not known to police, police said."
"In addition, the study found that those who have a family history of cancer had a lower risk of developing the disease."
"\"I think it is a really good time to be a mom, and I think it is a good time to be a mom to my daughter,\" she said."
"In the end, it was a decision that we made that we felt was in the best interests of our children."
"The difference is that we're not just looking to do something, we're also doing something that's very much in the context of the past."
"A lot of people don't realise that I've been doing this for 10 years and it's been so successful."
"The country's new prime minister has said he will make a \"major announcement \"in the coming days about his plans for the next parliament."
"\"I think the Scottish Government's a lot more aware of what's going on,\" he said."
"We've been going through the same thing for a long time, and we've got to be very careful about what we say."
"\"We are not going to accept this kind of a change in our culture,\" he told the BBC."
"They are also concerned that the government will be forced to pay for the costs of the operation to be used by the armed forces."
"They have been the most successful teams in the Premier League for a long time and I don't think there's anyone else who can match them."
"It is very difficult to find a better family and friends than I have ever had in the UK."
"I don't think I would have made the same decision if I was playing for the United States and I was playing for a different country."
"\"This is a very important day for the NHS, it's a day that will make a big difference to the health of the nation,\" he said."
"It is a big challenge, and we are working on it, but we have to make sure that we are not going to lose this competition."
"We're going to have a lot of great teams in this league, so we're going to have to work hard to get the best out of ourselves."
"But I am not going to go into details, but I think it's important that the young people who are starting out, start to get involved in politics."
"The department said it had been contacted by the man's family and that he was being held at the hospital."
"The findings suggest that women who get pregnant have a higher risk of having a heart attack, stroke and other serious medical conditions."
"It's a lot of work to get back into shape, and it's going to take a lot of work for us to get back to where we are now."
"But in a way it's more important than ever that we get the right people on the field for the right reasons."
"\"I think it's a good thing that they're not doing anything,\" she said of the government's decision to make the programme."
"And that's the kind of thing that we're trying to get to the point where it's not just about the playoffs, but about the league."
"The court heard that the man had been working with the man in the street, and had been drinking heavily."
"He said: \"The whole point of a free trade agreement is to make sure that everybody has access to the single market."
"The threat of a nuclear attack is a major concern for many Americans, who are worried about a possible attack on the United States."
"The study found that nearly half of men and nearly half of women aged between 45 and 74 were diagnosed with breast cancer in the past year."
"\"It's a good thing that I can get some sleep at night, because I don't have to worry about it,\" he said."
"The new rule, which was introduced last month, will apply to all forms of medical marijuana in the state."
"The company is also working on a mobile app that will allow users to use the app to share their location and share their money."
"\"It's not going to be easy, but I'm confident that we'll be able to win the game,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to put myself in a position where I don't have to,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how many people are going to have a chance to read this,\" she told reporters."
"We're in a very competitive league and we have to find a way to win games and we've got to find a way to win games."
"The proposal, which was announced Wednesday, is the first step in a long- term plan to improve the nation's water supply."
"The company has been fined \u00a3 60, 000 and has been ordered to pay \u00a3 150, 000 to the family of a victim who was killed."
"The EU is struggling to cope with the huge number of migrants arriving in Europe every day, despite the EU's efforts to stem the flow."
"In addition, the new law would require all state- run companies to offer health insurance to all workers, regardless of where they live."
"\"I think the most important thing for me is to continue to do the right thing and to play my best tennis,\" he said."
"The company's net income for the quarter fell to $ 2. 3 billion, from $ 2. 9 billion a year earlier, in the same period."
"\"We are not going to be able to put a limit on the number of children that will be allowed to come into the country,\" he told the BBC."
"I am very pleased to be back in the Premier League and I am looking forward to getting on the pitch for the first time in a while."
"I'm not sure how you could have a relationship with someone who is going to go to a clinic and get their doctor."
"\"I'm very proud of the fact that I was able to give back to the community,\" she said."
"\"It's not that I'm not going to be here, it's just that I'm not a big fan of the word \"sport \"and I don't think that's what it should be,\" he said."
"The report says the total number of deaths from alcohol- related causes in Scotland fell by 13% between 2014 and 2015."
"I don't think there's anything like that in the world, and I think that's what makes it so special."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a debate about the rules of the game,\" he said."
"But we've got a lot of work to do, and we have to get the best out of this team."
"\"I was very proud of my team and the way they fought and fought to get to this point,\" said the former England captain."
"He said: \"I'm not sure we'll be able to make the trip to the UK that I was able to make last year."
"The latest figures show the number of people killed in the conflict has dropped by more than a third since the start of the conflict, according to the UN."
"We are not at the level we need to be and it's not the time to make a change."
"\"I'm not saying it's the right thing to do, but it's not a bad idea,\" she told the BBC."
"\"It's really important for me to get out there and play and get a win,\" said the 24- year- old."
"The EU is a big part of our lives and we have to be aware of it, but we have to be able to manage it."
"The fact that we're in this position means we need to make sure we're doing everything we can to get the best out of the players."
"The figures also show that in the last year, the number of people who have been in and out of hospital for more than a year has fallen by more than a third."
"We are aware of the situation and are working to resolve this issue and we are taking all appropriate action to support the people of this area."
"It's a big deal, but I'm happy to be here and the fans want to be here and it's a great atmosphere."
"He said: \"We've seen a lot of rhetoric, but it's not going to be the same as what we see."
"In the first of three interviews with The Washington Post, Mr. Trump said that he was not sure if he would accept the nomination."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the fans, I have a lot of respect for the staff, and I feel like I can play in any situation,\" he said."
"\"It's important to keep in mind that the number of people that come to the US is much higher than the number of people that come to the UK,\" he said."
"I think it's the same thing for a lot of people, you have to work hard to get where you want to be."
"He is not the only person who has been given the right to appeal against the decision, as a number of others have been given the right to do so."
"The number of people dying from cancer in England and Wales is expected to reach 1. 3 million by 2020, the Health Secretary has said."
"In the past, the government has tried to keep the public out of the courts, but the courts are now not as open as they should be."
"In the end, I think we're going to be able to do what we're able to do, and that's to get people to come to our country."
"If you look at the last five years, I've been in the top three or four."
"\"We have to look at it as a business and not a political issue,\" she said."
"We know that the men and women of the United States armed forces have the skills to take on ISIS, and they're going to be the ones who take it."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to make sure we get the right balance between the public interest and the public's right to know,\" he said."
"\"I think we've got a very good squad, we've got a good manager, we've got a good squad, we've got a good squad, we've got a great squad, we've got a great squad,\" he said"
"The couple's four children, aged five, six and eight, were all born in the town."
"The state's attorney general's office says the FBI was called to a house in the Detroit suburb of Detroit on Thursday and had a warrant out for its arrest."
"In fact, the country's GDP growth in the first quarter of 2016 was only 0. 6 percent, down from a previous estimate of 0. 6 percent."
"\"We are committed to getting to a place where we can have a very positive impact on the lives of people in the communities that we serve,\" she said."
"He said that the U. S. military was not involved in the fight against the Islamic State but was \"a part of it \"and the United States was \"not the only one \"who was involved."
"But the group's business model has been to put pressure on the local government, which in turn has been to encourage businesses to move to the city."
"If you're not going to be able to have a good night's sleep, then you should be able to sleep better at night."
"It's a great way to spend the summer, and I'm sure it will be a great one."
"I'm not sure how much it would cost to build a new home or a new business or a new bank account."
"But I also knew that it would be a long time before I could be part of the team, so I just tried to make it work."
"The company, which makes a lot of phones, has been struggling to find customers in China and India."
"The way he's been playing, he's been a real professional, and he's got a lot more to do."
"\"I think the media is doing a lot of bad things,\" he said, adding that he would not have voted for Clinton if he hadn't seen the tape."
"It's not that I don't like it but I don't think it's the right way to do it."
"It's a little bit different from the way I used to play last year, but I've got a lot more confidence now."
"The Bank of England is expected to make a decision in the coming weeks, with the central bank not yet releasing its first policy decision on whether to raise rates."
"\"I think we need to look at how we're going to get the best out of our players, and I think we're going to have to look at how we're going to get the best out of our players,\" he said."
"The first round of the Rio Olympics will be held in August, with the second and third rounds scheduled for September."
"I have been talking to him about it, he's got a lot of good players around him and he's been really good to me over the last few weeks."
"He said he was \"very worried \"about the impact of the decision on the education system in the UK, as it could lead to a \"different mix \"of students."
"The Scottish Government said the UK's biggest companies are paying \"significant \"tax to the UK government, and that the Scottish Government would be \"totally committed \"to the UK's economic future."
"\"I know that the government is not going to be happy about the result, but we have to be optimistic,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm going to be ready to go,\" he said."
"The shooting happened in front of a restaurant in the city, in the middle of the city's busy shopping and residential streets."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about the importance of the refugee crisis and the refugee crisis in general,\" he said."
"It is a strange thing to say, but I think it is a good thing that the people who are coming here have a good idea of what they want to do."
"He said: \"We are working closely with the UK Government to ensure that the UK Government's Brexit strategy is consistent with our international and domestic law."
"The deal, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year, would have allowed for the transfer of the club's majority ownership to the government."
"He's a great guy, he's a great guy, he's a great guy, he's the best player in the world and he's the best player in the world, and he's going to have a great game."
"\"I was going to be a little bit nervous, but I was just happy to be back here,\" he said."
"He said: \"I have been in the UK for 14 years and I have never seen a referendum that was so toxic."
"It's a great moment and I hope to be able to play for a few more years and see the game grow and I will be able to do that."
"The document is expected to be released next month and will be made public only after the EU referendum in June."
"The government says it is working with the private sector to ensure that its new rules are implemented and that the public sector is not affected."
"The city's emergency services were still dealing with the aftermath of the fire, which was contained to the main building."
"We will look at the evidence, and I think we have to be very clear about what we think the evidence is showing."
"The only way to get it right is to get the right people, and that's what we're doing."
"We are all very lucky that we have this wonderful environment, but the reality is that the world is changing very fast."
"He's done a great job and I'm really excited to see what he's got to do."
"If you can't afford to pay for the care you need, then you should be able to afford the care you need."
"The company said it expected the second half of the year to be dominated by its own technology and the introduction of a new service."
"I would like to see the government do a better job of protecting the public and the public safety, and I am very concerned about the state of our economy."
"The official said the group was still under investigation by the French authorities for possible involvement in the Paris attacks and had not yet been given a date of release."
"If you don't know the best way to get the best out of your child, the best way to get the best out of your child is to make sure they are happy."
"The company's shares fell as much as 3 percent after the news, but they rose more than 5 percent to $ 14. 78."
"The results were in a race against time to be the first to be able to vote in the presidential election."
"A man who killed his girlfriend and her son to kill himself has been found guilty of the murder of a family in a court of law in Cardiff."
"The report also highlighted the fact that the number of people who have had a stroke has increased in the last 10 years, with stroke rates increasing by more than 60 per cent in the last 10 years."
"It is hard to believe that the best way to respond to the crisis in Syria is to send a strong message to the international community that it is time for Assad to go."
"\"I have had a lot of bad experiences, but it was a good experience,\" he said, referring to his two previous trips to the US and his first trip in 2009."
"The result of the vote was the government's decision to cut the budget deficit from 2. 5 per cent of GDP in 2015 to 2. 9 per cent in 2017."
"The U. S. has been conducting airstrikes against ISIS since July 2015, when President Barack Obama announced that U. S. forces would be conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq."
"The study also found that children in the group with a high school education were more likely to be diagnosed with depression than children in the group with a low school education."
"\"It's a big step forward for the group, especially the younger players, because they have to learn to play the way they want to play,\" he said."
"The company has also reported a 2. 6% decline in sales in the U. S. and Europe, and a 0. 4% decline in China, according to Thomson Reuters data."
"\"It's not a big deal, but it's a big deal,\" she said, adding that it's important for voters to know the candidates are committed to the same policies."
"\"I think it's the best thing that has ever happened to me, because I don't want to be living in a world where I have to go to school and earn money,\" she said."
"The U. S. Justice Department's Civil Rights Division is investigating the shooting death of a black man by a police officer in Ferguson."
"It's not that they don't want to be involved, but I think they are too focused on their own business."
"\"I think it's a good time to talk about the future,\" he said, \"We're going to be on the road together."
"The question of how to address this is a big one, but we've got to do it in the right way."
"He's also been accused of trying to \"kill \"Trump by saying he would not accept the election if it were to be held on his watch."
"It was a big blow to the group's confidence and it was a blow to the people who were involved in the group and the people who were working with us."
"The first thing I want is for the boys to get on with it and get on with their lives."
"The party is not a traditional political party, but it is a political party and it has to be."
"He said:'I was very nervous about the idea of it, but it was really nice of him to tell me."
"\"I'm trying to be a good role model and a good person, and I've found that,\" she said."
"It's a great way for us to help the people that we're supporting and trying to help."
"But I'm not going to take that as a sign that I'm not going to be a good leader, or that I'm not going to be a good leader, and that's not how I'm going to be a leader."
"But it is not the first time the two have been linked and the most recent is a long- term deal that will see the pair spend \u00a3 200, 000 each."
"The state of emergency has been extended to cover the entire country, and the UN says it will last for at least two months."
"A source close to the negotiations told the paper:'There are some very good options for Britain to leave the EU."
"The idea of an all- male team is appealing, but it is not a guarantee of success in the long run."
"I'm not sure if it's a sign of the times, but it is a sign of the times."
"He has been an important part of our team and he's been a great addition to the team and I think he's a great addition to our group."
"The former England defender is currently on holiday in Germany, but has been keeping an eye on the UK's European Championship semi- final against France."
"The driver of the vehicle was treated at the scene for minor injuries and is expected to be released from the hospital."
"The Trump campaign has said that the event was a \"thank you \"tour, but the timing of the event could have been a factor."
"He said:'I would have been lying if I said that I didn't think there was anything wrong with my body."
"But when we think of the world as a whole, we have to think about how we might use that world to connect with people."
"The nation's largest city has been hit by a series of attacks in the past year that have left at least 33 people dead and at least 27 injured."
"\"I'm still trying to figure out how to play the game,\" he said, \"but it's a very simple thing."
"The news comes after the Prime Minister said on Thursday that the UK would have to remain in the EU if the bloc was to break up."
"The statement also said that the Islamic State had attacked the car as well, which the group claimed was an attack on the car's driver."
"The government said it was looking to improve the safety of the public and also said it was looking to address the concerns raised by some residents."
"The manager has a huge responsibility to the players and the club and I think it's important that they have a clear idea of what they want."
"I don't think that's the case, but I do think there are some areas where the mayor can do a better job."
"The government has been forced to admit that it has been losing ground in the polls to Labour and the SNP, which have been winning seats in the local council elections."
"He added: \"I would like to see a review of the way we deal with the issue of child abuse."
"\"I'm not going to comment on the details of the investigation, because I don't want to do that,\" he said."
"A lot of the money we've spent on this campaign has been on ads, so we're going to spend a lot of money to help these people."
"\"It's not about me and my parents, it's about the world, and I feel like I'm going to be the world's best person,\" the star said in the video."
"He is also accused of making false statements to the police about the size of the club he was part of."
"The U. S. Department of Justice announced on Friday that it would appeal a judge's ruling that the agency was not required to keep records."
"The former Liverpool manager has been told he will not be allowed to leave the club until the end of the season."
"\"We've been working on this for a while and I think we're all very excited to be working on this together,\" he said."
"The question of whether or not Trump would be able to make a good or a bad deal, he said, was a matter for the administration to decide."
"In the past, the company had invested in the development of a fleet of small drones, but now it is offering them to the public."
"It's not a great day for the game, but it's a good day for the team and the fans."
"The number of people who have had a heart attack in the past year has risen by more than 40 per cent compared with the previous year."
"He is the only one of the four candidates who has not yet had a public appearance before a federal judge."
"The reason for the change was that the company had been \"in talks with other companies \"about a potential deal, he said."
"The Chinese government is also using the new system to take advantage of the new tax rules, which will be implemented next year."
"He's got a long way to go to get to where he wants to be, but I'm excited for him."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and expected to achieve a \"significant \"revenue boost."
"The woman was also charged with failing to provide a child support payment, which carries a maximum penalty of five years in jail."
"It is a rare thing in life to have a baby, but I'm hoping that this will be the last one."
"The UK government has said it will introduce a new \"kill- list \"for those who commit crimes."
"I'm not sure what the state of the world is going to be, I just don't know what the state of the world is going to be."
"The average age of the men and women who were involved in the deaths was 35, with the youngest of the five victims aged 20."
"\"The best thing that can happen is that they have to come together,\" he said of the new president."
"A U. S. official said on Friday that the U. S. was working on a proposal that would allow for the military to be deployed to Afghanistan."
"He's going to have to win in a lot of ways to get a lot of votes, but he's going to have to win in a lot of ways to get his party's nomination."
"I've been on the streets for 15 years, and I've never seen anything like this."
"The report also found that the number of people who went to the doctor for cancer treatment declined by 11 per cent."
"The club said on its website that it was \"very disappointed \"by Mr Clarke's remarks and was \"proud \"of the way it has performed in recent years."
"And we're not just talking about the past, we're talking about the present and the future."
"\"I was pretty confident that I was going to be able to play on the first day of the season,\" he said."
"The results of the new study show that people who had never been exposed to alcohol were more likely to have a heart attack."
"The number of people who have suffered mental health issues is increasing, with more than one in five people with a mental health problem in Scotland now receiving support."
"A new report shows that the number of people living in poverty in the UK has fallen by more than a third since 2009."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to ensure that we don't get a message that we're not listening,\" he said."
"The bank's board of directors approved the deal on Friday, and the company's shares rose $ 1. 86 to $ 46. 85."
"And it's the sort of thing that could have a devastating impact on people's lives."
"But in a country where more than half of the population is women, it is not surprising that women are more likely to be in jail for serious crimes."
"A spokesman for the school said:'We are aware of the matter and are taking the matter very seriously."
"\"I know that when you look at the numbers, you'll see that it's not going to be a total disaster,\" he said."
"The club will have to decide if it is worth the investment to keep the player, which could be as high as \u00a3 100, 000."
"And, as a result, the number of people who are registered to vote has dropped from about 60 million in 2000 to about 10 million now."
"\"We need to do a better job of putting the right people in place,\" he said at a press conference."
"\"I don't think there's a problem with the American people voting for Donald Trump,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how you can say that you have no idea what's going on,\" he said."
"\"I've always believed that it's the right thing to do, and I'm really excited about it, and I think it's a good way to go in the future,\" he said."
"\"I was very surprised that I didn't get to meet him,\" said the 34- year- old."
"The Scottish government has said it is committed to the Scottish Government's commitment to deliver the best possible services for the people of Scotland."
"The report found that the average family of four in Scotland has \u00a3 2, 000 a year to spend on health care."
"The big problem is that there's a lot of people who are just not comfortable with what the government is doing."
"\"I think I've been the victim of a lot of things that I've done, but I didn't do it,\" he said."
"The board is also considering a $ 10 million loan from the state to help fund the school's new campus."
"They are also expected to hold an emergency meeting on Monday, where they will discuss the issue of the proposed new prison."
"\"We are going to have a very, very difficult time in this election,\" he told supporters in Florida."
"\"We're not going to get it right, we're not going to get it right enough, and we're not going to get it right enough,\" he said."
"I'd love to have the opportunity to play in the Six Nations, but I can't."
"In fact, the average increase in interest rates since the early 1970s is 4. 5 percent."
"The German government has expressed concern about a possible rise in the number of migrants arriving in Germany from the Middle East and North Africa."
"The company said it had seen a rise in the number of people who had been involved in the online dating market."
"\"I'm just trying to be an example to people who aren't from here, who aren't thinking about the future,\" she said."
"The study found that when people were asked about their health, they reported more positive feelings, such as being more physically active, than when they were not asked."
"The number of people who have taken the drug has gone up by 40 percent, and it's going to be a challenge for us."
"The vast majority of people who are going to the polls in the fall will be older than 65, and they will be more likely to vote for Clinton."
"\"I think it's important to recognize that the way we conduct ourselves and how we treat others is a very important part of our job,\" he said."
"The city has been under intense criticism for its lack of action on the Zika virus, and it is now under police state of emergency."
"The government has said it will introduce a new minimum wage in April next year, but the measure has yet to be approved by parliament."
"\"I am not going to comment on any decision we make, but I can say that we are not going to change our stance,\" he said."
"He said: \"It's a really good thing that the police are doing this and that's what we're doing."
"The real test will be whether he can get the job done in the two months that follow, and whether he can get his message out there that he's got to get things done."
"\"I think we need to look at how we're going to get to the bottom of what's going on in this country,\" he told the crowd."
"I think it's important to be able to put your head down, be happy and be with your family and keep moving forward."
"\"I don't think it's a problem, but it's something that we need to have a conversation about,\" she said."
"We are all aware of the fact that the last few years have been tough on the public sector, particularly the public sector in the UK."
"If you're looking for a place to live in a community, you should be able to find a place that's right for you."
"\"It's a great way to get to know the people who have helped you through the difficult times,\" he says."
"It is not known if the woman was a victim of the attack but police are appealing for anyone who may have seen her or heard anything about her to come forward."
"But the biggest question mark has been the ability to get the job done on the road, and that's something the team has been able to do."
"The authors argue that the findings may be relevant to other areas of the economy, such as the health of the labour market."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to go to Syria to fight with ISIS,\" he said."
"\"I think we're in a good position to compete,\" he said, \"but we're not in a position to make that decision."
"\"We are a city with a very strong history, and we have a strong future,\" he said."
"The situation in Syria has changed dramatically since the start of the conflict in 2011, when the US- led coalition began bombing the country."
"It is not just the things that are not on the agenda, but the things that are not on the agenda that are going to get the attention of the people."
"But in the end, it was a good team effort, a team effort and we made some good plays."
"The couple, who are now married, were granted temporary asylum in the UK in 2014 but were denied entry to the US."
"\"I was like \"I can't do that, I have to do this,\" \"she said."
"But I'm sure that he will be very, very strong and very, very smart in the future."
"It's going to be a big year for us and we're going to be very competitive in the next few years."
"I was asked to come out of retirement to give a speech and I was told that I had to do that."
"I think we've got a lot of things to do and we're going to make sure that we're prepared."
"I've been to the show a few times, and I've seen it a few times, but it's one of those things that you don't know what to do."
"I don't think that it's going to be easy for the fans to come out and support us."
"It's not that the big companies don't want to give us money, they just want us to give them more money."
"If I had been in the same position, I would have had to make the decision that I didn't want to be in the same position."
"\"I don't know what the outcome of the debate will be,\" he said in an interview."
"\"The last time I saw him was when he was on the way to work and the day before the election,\" he said."
"It's a great place to be, and I'm looking forward to seeing what the future holds and the people I come to know."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been infected with Zika has risen since the virus first appeared in the United States in 2007."
"The U. S. has more than 1. 5 million people in its territory and about 5 million on the island of Cuba."
"If you're not paying attention to your taxes, you're probably not going to get the same amount of tax relief as you're getting from the government."
"\"We can't get a full picture of what's going on in the country, but we can make some sense of what's going on,\" he said."
"In an interview with the BBC, he said: \"I've been on the front bench for a long time and I'm the only one who has done that."
"He has been a good friend of mine, but I don't think he would have done this had he known what he was doing."
"\"It's a different feeling, but I can't say I have ever been more excited to be part of a band like this,\" he said."
"But the fact that he's able to do it, that he has the ability to do it, is something that makes him a very, very special player."
"\"If we don't do something about it, we're going to have to go back to the drawing board,\" he said."
"The government's claim that it will be able to increase the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 an hour from next April will be challenged in court."
"\"It's really nice to be able to play in front of a crowd, and you can feel the energy that's built up,\" he said."
"\"We were very pleased with the response, we were very pleased with the response from the club, and we will continue to work with the club to get the right deal for the players,\" he said."
"I think it's a real challenge for us to be able to have a conversation about it and talk about it in a way that's not just about the music."
"It's a lot of fun to play with these guys and see what they can do."
"\"It's just that the key to understanding what's going on is finding out what's going on,\" she said."
"I think he's got a lot of work to do, but I think he'll be in a good place to finish the year."
"But it is also clear that, with the right policies and a plan, we can make a difference."
"\"We're not going to be the only ones who have to suffer because of this,\" he said."
"It's been a very tough week for us as we try to get through the week and get into the finals."
"The number of people who have been killed by guns in the United States has increased by over 100, 000 since the nation was founded in 1776."
"But I'm happy with the way we've played and I think we're going to be a good team."
"I think it's important to remember that there is a lot of work to be done, and we need to make sure we are getting the right results."
"We have a lot of good players on the field and I'm sure they will be able to help us."
"\"I would say it's a huge problem, and the world is going to have to figure out how to deal with it,\" he said."
"The game is a bit of a mystery to me, but I was always going to play the game and I'm just going to try and get better as I can."
"The police are investigating the incident and the man is being treated for his injuries, while the woman is in a serious but stable condition."
"The Republican National Committee said on Twitter that it had not yet received the emails but that they were \"looking into \"the matter."
"The official said that the U. S. has been working on the situation in Syria for a long time, but there is no agreement on how to respond."
"The firm's first- quarter results were disappointing, but the outlook for the year is also encouraging."
"The Australian dollar is down 1. 5 per cent against the U. S. dollar, and the dollar's rally has been driven by gains in energy and mining stocks."
"He had to go back to the hospital, but the doctors told him he was fine and he was going to go back to the hospital."
"The bank has said it will continue to take the lead in the global financial crisis, but it has not yet launched an official account."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested by officers from the Metropolitan Police's counter- terrorism unit."
"I think we can do a lot of things better than we did last year, but it's a challenge."
"The other day, I was in a restaurant and I saw a woman standing there and I said, \"What do you think?"
"The recent comments came as the Scottish Government announced it was pulling out of the UK's historic plan to build a new railway line to Scotland."
"But they are now not only on the road, they are being deployed in some areas as well."
"It's a big part of the appeal of the game, but it's also a part of the culture of the club."
"\"We are talking about a big number of people who have come from around the world,\" he said."
"And I was able to get the job done and I'm very proud of that and I'm looking forward to doing it again."
"I think it's the right thing to do, but I'm not sure what the right thing to do is."
"It's a great opportunity for us to do that and we'll see what happens."
"\"I'm happy to say that I've been on the team for a long time now,\" he said."
"\"I'm just going to do what I have to do,\" he said, \"and I'll be fine."
"A new poll shows that a majority of Americans support a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, but they don't know what to make of it."
"We want to be a team that is good enough to win the title and we want to be a team that is good enough to win the league and that's what we're trying to do."
"The other day, we were playing the game at the end of the day and we didn't get a call."
"It's not just the games we play that matter, but the people we see and the people we play with that matter."
"The firm's UK sales rose by just 1 per cent in the three months to December 31, the biggest rise since October 2015."
"The number of people who have been killed in Syria and Iraq has been increasing, and we need to do something about it."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I don't think the players will want to go out there and play for their country,\" he said."
"\"It's about the next step in the transition to a better future for our country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's the right thing for the club, but it's a decision that's being made,\" he said."
"We have been in contact with the authorities and we will be appealing for anyone who may have been in contact with the victim to contact us as soon as possible."
"I was in the same position, I had to make sure I was getting the right fit and that was the key."
"But the fact that the only people who have any chance at all of winning are the people who are already winning is a sign that things are going badly."
"I've never seen anything like it, but I've got to be very careful, and I've got to be very careful when I'm playing for my country."
"But he has to do a lot of things right and we have to be smart about what he's doing."
"The court heard that in the past two years the couple have lost \u00a3 5, 000, plus \u00a3 1, 000 a month in travel costs."
"She said:'We are trying to find a way to get the best deal for the family, but we are not able to do that."
"But that's not what I was thinking when I read the article, it's not what I was thinking when I read the letter."
"I've got to go out there and play my best, and I'm going to play my best in that game."
"It was a very long day, and I thought I was going to die, but I was in the hospital for four days."
"I don't think it's going to be a problem, but I do think it's going to be a problem for the United States."
"He added that he was \"confident \"that the government's decision to issue the new contract would be followed by the UK."
"But the reality is that the industry has been around for a very long time and it's quite clear that there are a lot of people who don't want to be involved."
"The couple had been married for two years but had not yet decided on the wedding date, the court heard."
"If you're a fan of the show, you're going to be very happy with the results."
"We are going to have a very difficult time, we are going to have to change our game plan and we are going to have to get better."
"But the more important question is why, even when the overall picture is not improving, there is so much more to be done."
"The man's wife, who was in the house at the time, did not return calls for comment."
"They're the same as in the old days, but they have a different sound, and that's the reason why I think we're in the position we're in."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to deliver on its promise to protect the country's national parks."
"\"It was a very difficult decision to make, but I'm happy to say I was the only one,\" she said."
"She said: \"It's hard to think about the future because we're still not getting to the point where we can predict what's going to happen."
"\"The only thing that can stop it is the fact that it's not going to happen,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, its fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The second- place team will be joined by the top- ranked side from the past two rounds of the tournament."
"The fact that the government has not taken the necessary steps to ensure the safety of our people and that the health and safety of our people are protected is a sign of the government's failure to act."
"\"It's the first time I've had to do this and it's been such a relief,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good time to be a citizen of the United States, and I'm going to keep it that way,\" he said."
"The Obama administration has said it will review the deal, which would have allowed Iran to develop a nuclear weapon."
"The two- day event will be held at the Palace of Westminster on Thursday, October 12, and will take place in the same building as the Scottish Parliament."
"And I'm sure you'll agree that we've got to get better at making sure that we get better at what we're doing."
"But it was the first time the U. S. had been forced to admit it had carried out such attacks in the past."
"\"We are really proud of the people of the city, we have people that are working hard, we have people that are going to be there for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it had been making its share price move in recent days, but the price of shares fell on Friday."
"\"It's a great place for people to be, and I'm looking forward to coming back and playing again,\" he said."
"It is not clear how the two sides will meet, with the UK's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson saying the two countries will \"go through a dialogue \"and \"get on with the job of getting things done."
"The last time the former secretary of state won the White House in a general election was in 2008, when she was elected as a Democrat to the Senate."
"The next day, the police arrived and the woman was found dead in her bed, according to the police report."
"The two sides have been in talks for months, and the talks have included some of the most important issues in Syria."
"The next day, the news of the attack on the church spread to the streets of the city, which had been a key hub for the revolution."
"If you're looking for an exciting new place to live, there are plenty of places to get away from the city."
"I think the people in charge of the United Nations think that's the best way to deal with it."
"I've got a lot of good memories of that time, but I'm just looking forward to the next one."
"The results, which were published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Research, show that Alzheimer's is more common in women than in men."
"The Scottish government has said it wants to make sure councils are able to offer the same level of funding for all local authorities."
"\"The people who are now paying the price for the criminal acts that occurred in the last decade are the people who are not going to be able to have a vote in this election,\" he said."
"I think that's the way it is, and that's what I'm going to keep trying to do."
"\"I am very happy to be here and I am very excited to be part of the future of this country,\" he said."
"The only way to get a good result is to win a championship and to do that, you have to be in a good position."
"The biggest problem with the current system is that it is based on the belief that the law is the only correct way to solve problems."
"It was the first time in the history of this club that we had a two- time Premier League winner's medal."
"\"The first thing I did was to make a list of the people I thought I would like to see,\" he says."
"I'm really looking forward to the start of the season so we're looking forward to the start of training camp and I think we can be a very good side."
"In the UK, there is a 50- 50 chance that the number of people who die in the UK from cancer will increase by 50% in the next 50 years."
"I think it's a shame that we have not been able to get a fair deal from the government in terms of the future of the NHS."
"The decision to build a new stadium was taken by the city council, which has the power to make a decision on the project."
"\"I'm a little bit nervous about the way that I'm playing, but I'm not too nervous,\" he said."
"In the past, the Chinese government has been criticized for not doing enough to stop the flow of money to the country."
"The only way to find out if you are eligible is to speak to a doctor or get a doctor's note."
"I've been in the city for eight years and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"\"I just think it's important to get a good result here, and I think we need to be able to do that in the next four or five years,\" he said."
"The first is that the UK's financial services sector has been the most important sector in the global economy for more than a decade."
"The study found that the difference between the two groups was much greater in areas with high levels of education and employment."
"He said: \"It's a huge honour to be selected as one of the top 10 most successful female directors in the world."
"\"I can't say I'm a bad person, but I'm not a good guy,\" she said."
"He is the only person in the world who has ever done something so bizarre that he could not possibly be stopped."
"The state is also responsible for $ 4 billion in state and local taxes that the federal government has paid for the past eight years."
"He said: \"We've got to be more patient with the safety of our people and the people that we are protecting."
"In the wake of the Paris attacks, many in France and across Europe are warning that the Islamic State is on the move in Europe."
"I've been doing this for a long time and I've just been doing it because it's the only way I can get my body back."
"The fact that the issue is being brought up at a time when the government is struggling to raise the necessary funds is a sign that the government will be held to account."
"The council said it had been told by the city that the move would be put on hold until the end of the year."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks, but the new rules will be in place for at least a year."
"The results of the poll are expected to be released on Thursday, with the first round of polls on Friday and the final one on Saturday."
"\"I'm not sure how much longer I'll be able to stay here, but I will definitely be here for the rest of my life,\" he said."
"It was a good thing to be back in the team and that was a big part of the reason why I was selected."
"But the same goes for the idea that there is a political or social cost to such a policy."
"\"It was a very good match, I think, and I think we'll be looking forward to the next one,\" he said."
"The key to the study is that it uses data from more than 60, 000 adults who were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in the United States."
"I was a little nervous at first but it was a good feeling, and I think it's going to be a good feeling for the next few weeks."
"But the number of people who are living with their parents has been falling for many years and the family home is one of the few places where we can feel safe and secure."
"They have to go back to the drawing board and make sure that we are on track to win the game and we have to get back to the drawing board and make sure that we are on track."
"\"We are all very worried about what we're going to do next, but I think it's a good idea to start doing it now,\" he said."
"\"We need to do a lot more with the future of our children's education,\" he said."
"It's just a matter of when and how they are going to play, and it's a matter of how they are going to play."
"The club has been in the spotlight for years, but this is the first time it has been used in the Premier League."
"\"If I had been a woman, I would have told her that she would have a better life,\" she said."
"I was able to get the car to the right lane and the driver was able to get out of the car and get into the car."
"A man who was found dead in his home in Glasgow has been identified as a man who died in police custody."
"But in the end, we are not going to have a good relationship with China, because we don't want to have a bad relationship with Russia."
"The couple's daughter, Sarah, is due to be born this week, but she has not been confirmed."
"In a statement, the bank said it had been in touch with the U. S. government about the matter."
"\"The first thing I want to do is get people to take a moment to think about what is going on in this country,\" he said."
"The Scottish Government has called for the Scottish Parliament to be split into two parts, with the Scottish Parliament in charge of the UK government."
"I have a great relationship with her, she's my mother, and I'm not going to take anything from her."
"It's the kind of thing that's going to get you a job, so it's really important to have a plan in place."
"I know he's the type of guy who can't wait to get back on the court and he'll be ready to go."
"The agency said it had received more than 2, 000 complaints about the department's handling of the case."
"The company's net income for the quarter was $ 15. 2 million, or $ 17. 2 million, compared with $ 10. 6 million, or $ 16. 1 million, a year earlier."
"The best way to help your family is to talk to them about the news of their death, and to make sure they are all well."
"\"I just feel like it's a matter of time before we get to the point where we are able to have the conversation and have the dialogue and have the conversation about the issues that we're facing,\" he said."
"It's the most exciting thing about it, I can't wait to get back and play again."
"But the fact that the only way to save the world is to save the planet is by doing something about climate change."
"We are the only club in the Premier League who have won the title in the last two seasons, so we are in a good position."
"\"It's a very important moment in my life, it's a very important moment for me, and I've just had to do it,\" he said."
"It's the first time since the end of the 1990s that the White House has publicly acknowledged that the Obama administration had put more pressure on the Saudi government."
"The mother and daughter, who are both in their 20s, were in the car and had to be rescued by the driver of the car."
"It was only after I got my hair cut that I realised that I had to go back to work."
"The official said that the girl's father was a police officer who was also involved in the investigation."
"It's a big job and a lot of people don't want to work in a factory, and so we were going to do it."
"\"I just want to make sure we don't have to go through a process like this,\" he told CNN."
"The company is also working on a mobile app for users to monitor and control their car's emissions."
"The question of whether the Trump administration will follow through on the campaign promise to create a national college- free college fund is a question that has been at the heart of the GOP's political strategy for years."
"The government has now said it will introduce new rules for the use of mobile phones, which could mean a ban on the devices in schools."
"\"The most important thing is that we're not losing our momentum and we're not losing our focus,\" he said."
"The company is seeking to boost its revenues by selling its shares to private investors, but that would require a significant investment of capital."
"A number of people who had been in touch with her since the incident were not immediately identified."
"If you want to buy a house, you have to be in the market for a home that you can afford."
"The big thing for us is that we've got a good squad and a good squad of players and we can go out there and play and do our job."
"It is also a reminder that the Obama administration has already made it clear that it is ready to accept the deal."
"A federal judge in California has ordered the FBI to release information about the new iPhone, which is expected to arrive in the United States on Wednesday."
"A man who has been jailed for two years for the rape of a teenage girl has said he was \"shocked \"by the verdict."
"The Democratic National Committee, the party's largest, will be held in Philadelphia later this week, the party's official website said."
"He's been in the game for a long time, but it's not like he's been in the game long enough to be in the game."
"I'm not sure I can get a good job, but I'm just happy to be here and do my job."
"It's a great opportunity for me to help out a lot of people, but I'm not sure I can do that."
"The women, who are all from the same ethnic group, were both taken to a hospital for treatment, and later released."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better, to get to know each other better, and to have a better understanding of each other,\" the senator said."
"The group said the same thing in a separate statement on Monday, saying the council had failed to stop them from using the name."
"But it's unclear how much of a difference that difference is, given the long history of debate over the issue."
"The firm has a five- year contract with the NHS and will continue to work with the NHS on patient care."
"\"We have to be able to use the information we have to do things the right way and then have the right tools to do it,\" he said."
"I'm looking forward to playing with the boys and it's good to be back in the team and playing with them."
"In the US, there are a number of companies that have a stake in the technology, but not necessarily in the technology itself."
"\"I just think it's an opportunity for the game, for the fans and for the club to come together,\" he said."
"In the past, she said, \"it has been a very difficult time for me, but I have done everything I could."
"I've been at the club for a long time and I've been there for three years, so I'm happy to be here."
"If they are found to be in breach of the rules, they will be fined up to \u00a3 2, 000."
"And while it's true that the NHS is a vital part of the UK's health system, the fact that it is not is not the only reason why people need to get sick."
"I've been told by the police that they're going to arrest him and I'm going to take him to the police station."
"The Syrian army has been battling rebels for more than a year, and the US has been pushing the rebels into eastern Aleppo."
"\"I have been in the United States for more than 25 years and have never seen anything like this,\" he says."
"\"We want to ensure that we have the best possible chance of getting the best deal for our customers,\" he said."
"He was sent home with a fine of \u00a3 500 and was subsequently suspended from the football team, but he was never allowed back to the UK."
"A man who had been living in the area for more than a year has been arrested and is now in custody."
"The U. S. has said it will not support the Syrian government in the conflict and has said it will not support the rebels in their fight against President Bashar Assad."
"The 22- year- old was on a flight to Sweden from the US on Wednesday and was taken to a local hospital for treatment."
"The government has already said the UK will consider a Brexit if it is determined to retain the single market and that the UK will remain a member of the EU."
"He has a lot of potential, and I think he's a very good player, but he's not a very good player."
"\"It's important to recognize that the United States is not immune to the consequences of violence and terrorism,\" she said."
"The price of a one- bedroom property in a major city is going up by $ 1, 000 per month, according to a new analysis."
"\"I don't think we are in a position to get back to that,\" he said, adding that he is \"not sure \"of a way to get the bill through the House."
"In the past few months, the two sides have worked out a settlement in which the federal government would pay $ 3. 5 billion to settle claims by more than 10, 000 Syrian civilians, mostly civilians of the regime."
"They have a good look at him, and he's a good player, and he's going to be a good player for us."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the people's lives, the lives of the people,\" he said."
"We've got a great group of young players who are looking to make a difference in the league and we're excited to see what they can do."
"\"There's no doubt that we've got a great team, and I think we've got a great squad,\" he said."
"She is the first woman to win an Olympic medal in swimming, and the first to do it in a swimming pool, and she is the first woman to do it in a swimming pool."
"It's not the first time the U. S. has taken a stand against the Islamic State in Syria, but it is the first time it has been on the side of the Syrian government."
"It's a very good team, a good team that we can rely on to win games, and I think we're going to do that."
"But the more important question is why is the NHS doing this, and why is the government doing this?"
"\"I don't think there's anything wrong with it,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the president- elect chose to use the law."
"The incident occurred at about 2 a. m. on Saturday, according to a statement from the department."
"We have to make sure that we are making sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we get the best out of the players."
"The paper said the report's authors were \"deeply concerned \"about the impact on health and safety of the new guidelines."
"\"It's not a surprise that we're seeing a lot of growth in this region,\" he said."
"The only way to get rid of these people is to make them pay taxes and, if you don't pay taxes, you will never get rid of them."
"We have to be very careful about the details of this case and we have to be very careful that we don't make a mistake."
"And if you're not comfortable with that, you can't go to the store, so you have to pay the full price."
"But he said: \"The most important thing is to get this right, and I think we've done that."
"\"The people of Flint have been asking for it for years and years and they don't have the resources to get it right,\" he said."
"The new rules also apply to companies that offer online streaming services, such as Netflix, which are expected to be more widely used."
"\"I think it's very important to understand that the government has been making the decision on the basis of the evidence and the evidence has been in the court's favour,\" he said."
"He has been on the receiving end of a lot of criticism for the way he has played in recent weeks."
"The couple's two sons, who are aged between five and 14, were also arrested in the raid, according to a police statement."
"The BBC has been monitoring the situation in Aleppo for some time, and the latest developments in the conflict are likely to increase the pressure on the regime to take a more active role."
"The research is part of a larger survey of the public's views of the EU referendum, which will be published next month."
"It's been a tough couple of months, but I'm happy with how I've been playing, so I'm looking forward to the next challenge."
"The couple are also planning to bring their children to live with them, and have plans to keep the family home with their children."
"The footage shows the pair walking out of the car and looking up at the sky, which is above them."
"I just want to make sure that I don't get hurt, and that I get a chance to play again."
"If you're not in the mood to get involved, you can call the police to get a response."
"The father- of- three, who was in the middle of a child's life, was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"In the United States, the number of people in jail for crimes committed in the past year rose to an all- time high."
"\"I don't think there's anything wrong with it, but it's the first time I've been in a pub,\" he said."
"The party's vote share has dropped from 55 per cent in 1992 to 42 per cent today, and the party's membership has fallen from 16 per cent in 1992 to 10 per cent now."
"In a statement, the university said it would \"hold the Chancellor to account \"for his behaviour in the school."
"\"I think it is very important that we continue to work together and that we continue to work with the French government to try to find a solution to this problem, but we need to work in the same way,\" he told AFP."
"In a statement, the company said: \"We are aware of the allegations made in this report and are working with the relevant authorities to investigate."
"He said he had asked for an extension to the investigation but was told it would not be granted, adding:'I have no idea what the details are."
"It's a reminder that, for many Americans, the nation is still a nation of immigrants, and that it is a place where we can make progress."
"The first thing I did was to get the car out of the way and put my hands on the wheel."
"\"We're not looking to give up on the game, but to give it a chance,\" he said."
"The police said they were \"extremely concerned \"about the video, which was posted to social media and has been shared thousands of times."
"\"We're going to have to take care of the business, and the business is going to be done,\" he said."
"The idea is to get people to come and visit, but we've got to make sure that they're in the right place at the right time."
"He said: \"We are very confident that we will be able to get back to the level that we were at at the beginning of the year."
"\"I've been on the campaign for the last four or five years, and I've never been a Democrat,\" she said."
"\"We are going to do everything we can to ensure that the best interests of our children are at the heart of our campaign,\" he said."
"The company said it had already received $ 4. 4 billion in funding from the Chinese government in 2015, and that it was looking to expand to China and other countries as well."
"I don't know how it would have worked if I hadn't been in there with them."
"The two- way battle is a bit more complicated than that, but it is more of the same than it has been."
"The story of the man who has become the face of the Conservative Party is one of the most interesting in modern British politics."
"I want to thank all of you for the support and the love you have shown me over the past few years."
"I was always told that you could only have one baby at a time, but I was so proud of my little boy."
"The former secretary of state has been a strong supporter of Mr. Trump and has said that she would be a better commander- in- chief."
"A video of the alleged attack has been viewed more than 1. 7 million times on Facebook, YouTube and other social media sites."
"It's been a tough few weeks for me, but I'm excited for the next step in my career."
"\"It's the first time I've been able to do that because I'm going to be playing all over the world,\" he said."
"The White House said Obama's remarks were a \"wake- up call \"to the issue of gun violence in the United States."
"He's a good player and I'm sure he will be back next week and it's a good chance for us to get him back on the pitch."
"The UK has already taken in over 30, 000 refugees from Syria, according to the UN, and it is expected to take in another 50, 000 by 2020."
"The U. S. government has said it will not take action until the family is well enough to be able to move."
"\"If I'm not playing then I'm not playing for the club, I'm not playing for the club because I want to play for the club,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how many people are going to get it, but we're hoping at least one,\" he said."
"If the Fed's decision is to be respected, it must also be respected in the context of the long- term trend of economic growth."
"I'm not going to go out there and say that I'm going to change anything, but I'm going to do what I can to help the team win this game."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the development of technology and the use of this technology is a major part of its foreign policy."
"The Scottish Government has announced plans to introduce a new minimum age for driving for all drivers in the UK."
"The results of the poll showed that the majority of people in favour of the UK remaining a member of the EU were against remaining in the bloc."
"The fact that they're running a team that's been here a year and a half, they've been here for a long time."
"The problem is that there is no one- on- one relationship between the two, and no one who is on the same page with the president."
"The company said it would be \"a long time \"before it would be able to offer a similar service to Amazon."
"The U. S. Supreme Court has ruled against a state- run company that wants to build a pipeline to North Dakota."
"The report said that more than 80% of the people who are affected by dementia were male and women, and that the number of people with dementia in the UK was growing."
"The US is sending a team of scientists to Brazil to study Zika, which is spreading rapidly in the US, and the Zika virus is spreading to other parts of the world."
"The two- day event is one of several planned to take place in the United States in the coming months, the event said."
"\"We're going to be going to the same places, and we're going to be working on the same things, and we're going to do the same things,\" he added."
"The government's announcement that it will not be able to meet the deadline to pay the money was made in the wake of the EU referendum."
"The government is also planning to introduce legislation that would make it harder for parents to claim benefits when their children are in the care of a professional."
"\"I'm a little bit disappointed because I know that he's not going to be able to play for us,\" he said."
"The report said the increase was the largest in the UK since the peak of the EU migrant crisis in the 1990s."
"The company says it has already sold more than 1, 200 of the vehicles in the last year."
"The most important thing is that we all want the best for our children, not just for ourselves but for our future."
"A handful of people have also been killed in the fighting, including two soldiers, two police officers and two soldiers who were shot."
"If you're looking for a new way to engage with the world, this is the place to be."
"\"It's not a surprise that the first question of the day is whether or not he's going to be able to get the job done,\" he said."
"The United States is expected to raise its annual defense budget by $ 20 billion in the first quarter of this year, the defense department said."
"The four- day strike was a result of the government's decision to impose a new contract on the company, which is a key supporter of the government's controversial plan to introduce a five- year contract on all new construction projects."
"I think the most important thing is to make sure that we have an understanding of what is going on and what is going well."
"It's the first time I've been in the room, and I've been in a room for the last year."
"\"It's not the first time I've seen a group of people who have been married for eight years,\" he said."
"He said:'The only thing I want to say is that I've been in a relationship for three years."
"\"It's not the first time they've been attacked by a terrorist group,\" he said in an interview."
"\"We have a good relationship, we have a good relationship, we have a good relationship, and I think that's why I'm here,\" he said."
"\"The community will be able to see what the outcome of this case will be, and the result will be a better community,\" he said."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said:'The Metropolitan Police is aware of the incident and is appealing for any information."
"I'm not sure what the effect will be on the industry, but it's not as bad as it could be."
"The idea of a world without borders is a false one, and that's why we need to do more to stop it."
"The chief executive of the United States Olympic Committee said the U. S. Olympic Committee has not yet decided whether it will seek to delay the opening ceremony."
"In a statement, the department said it was working to ensure that the department was able to continue to provide care to the community and to ensure that the information provided by the community was provided in a safe, efficient and efficient manner."
"They have a lot of depth, and I think they're going to be very good in a lot of areas."
"The study found that the average length of time people spent in prison was 4. 4 years, and the average length of time people spent in prison was 7. 5 years."
"I think it's going to be a tough game but I think we can win it and we will."
"It's hard to put into words how happy I am to have been with my new life and the positive things that have come along with it."
"I think we're doing a good job of that, and I think we're doing a good job of helping people understand that it's not just about money."
"\"I think the biggest thing that's going to happen is that the media will go away, the public will go away,\" he said."
"He said he had been told by his employer that the company would not be able to meet the demand."
"The campaign has said the video is a fake and claims it was posted by a man who has previously called for the death penalty for those who commit the crimes."
"The fact that the children are now in the care of a doctor is a huge relief to me and the doctors who treat the children."
"It's a bit of a stretch to call him a'normal'player, but he is still a very good player."
"It's not clear whether the new study will have any impact on the quality of life of the patients who are not being treated."
"\"I think we can be a little bit more aggressive in our approach to this, but we're not going to take the risk,\" she said."
"\"If we're not in the conversation, we don't have a good enough answer,\" he said."
"But that's not what we're going to do, and that's what we're going to be doing, and that's the way we're going to be doing it."
"And if you're not a big fan of the idea of the presidential election, you can't vote for Donald Trump."
"It's been a difficult couple of years, but it's been great to see the team grow and to see the fans grow and to see them get involved in the club."
"He's a big guy, he's a big guy, he's a big guy, he's a big guy, he's a big guy, he's a big guy, he's a big guy, he's a big guy,"
"The president said that the United States was determined to make sure that the Syrian government did not repeat what it did in Aleppo."
"If you're a Republican and you believe that the Democrats are the party of working people, you need to do something."
"The first of these is to take into account the importance of the EU's single market in its operation."
"It is not a question of whether we will get a good deal, it is a question of how we will get it."
"He was just one of the thousands of people who had been displaced by the war in Syria, he said, and the refugees were not refugees, but rather those who had been displaced by the war."
"I think he's going to be a great player for us and we're going to be a really good team."
"The United Nations, the UN agency that is responsible for monitoring Syria's war, says the United States has not yet released its findings."
"A woman who was raped in her home and killed by her husband has been found dead at her home."
"The department also said it was investigating a separate incident in which a woman was assaulted at a party and a man was stabbed to death."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to stop campaigning until I get back to work."
"He said:'I was working with a friend and she had just got a job, she was an assistant at a restaurant."
"The agency said it would be \"extremely difficult \"to combat the virus if it were to spread to other parts of the world."
"He is a good, hard- working man and he's got a lot of respect for the club and the fans."
"But, in the end, he said, he would be able to get a second opinion from the new doctor."
"She told him she was having a baby, and that he would have to take her home, but he refused."
"We will make sure that the UK remains in the EU, and that we are not leaving any part of the EU."
"\"It was an incredible experience, I couldn't believe it,\" said the former Arsenal player."
"But if you're not going to make a big deal of it, it's not going to be a big deal."
"The boy's mother said she was not aware of any other information about the child's death and that she had no information to turn over to investigators."
"I have not been involved with the team, but I know that I am the best player in the world and that I have the best chance of competing at the next level."
"If you are not happy with your work, you may want to consider a job that is more exciting and offers more opportunities for you to learn and improve."
"The case, which involved a woman's body and a man's, has now been moved to the High Court."
"\"I'm not sure what the point of the referendum is, but I'm sure there will be a referendum on that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we work together as a team, and I think that's what we have to do,\" he said."
"I would like to think that he will be able to come back to the club and continue to play and to be involved in the team."
"It's not clear whether the incident is related to a potential breach of the peace or an act of terrorism."
"The decision to leave the EU was not based on the outcome of the referendum, which was not about the outcome of the referendum."
"But in the UK, we're seeing more and more of the same thing: people who live in a low- income community are more likely to be single."
"She said:'I was always a bit nervous at first, but I was always a bit nervous about how I would feel if I had to go through what I was going through."
"\"There is no evidence to suggest that any of this will be completed by the end of the year,\" it said."
"The government says the extra money would help combat the high levels of poverty that have been the main cause of the global economic crisis."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the people that I love, and I'm not going to give up on the people that I love, and I'm not going to give up on the people that I love,\" Trump said in"
"\"I've been working with my family and friends for the past few years and I've learned a lot about what goes on in the world,\" he said."
"The team has also made it clear that they are not interested in the idea of a third world war."
"The results showed that a small amount of salt was able to reduce blood pressure by as much as 80 percent."
"The Islamic State group, which controls large parts of Iraq and Syria, has claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed at least 30 people."
"The new ad will run on the same day as the election in which the U. S. presidential election is due to be held."
"If you have a child who is struggling with these issues, and you don't have a plan for how to get them to come to school, you're going to get them."
"The people who are going to be in charge of the NHS and who are going to be in charge of the NHS will have to get on with it."
"The question is: what is the point of a new law if it is already out of date?"
"\"The bottom line is that we will continue to work with our European partners to improve the quality, speed and security of the UK's trade relationship with the EU,\" he said."
"The court heard the couple had been together for five years and had been married for eight years, but had not been married for more than a year."
"He's a big part of our team and we know he's going to get the job done."
"\"The point of the trip was to get the best possible coverage for the Olympics,\" he said."
"In the past, a government or a coalition has been able to force the other party to compromise on a particular issue."
"\"I don't want to do it again, I don't want to be a part of it,\" he said."
"We're going to have to get that done and we're going to have to do that in the next six weeks."
"The European Commission has confirmed that the UK will be able to hold a referendum on the EU's access to the single market in March."
"It's the first time since he became president that he has had a sitting U. S. president on his side."
"A $ 2. 5- million grant was awarded to the university for the study of the drug's potential for treating cancer."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 percent at $ 21. 30, while its shares were up 2. 7 percent at $ 30."
"\"I was working in a restaurant, and I just couldn't see anything,\" he said, adding that he had never been attacked."
"It's a case of who is going to win the next election and who will be the next president, and how will they make America great again?"
"I don't know if there are any other people that can say that, but I've had a couple of guys that have been there."
"\"I've got a lot of people that are saying, \"You know what, I'm not going to vote for Donald Trump,\" \"he said."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I was trying to tell the truth,\" he said in an interview."
"It was a brilliant day for the game, we're very proud to have won the league and we're going to keep improving."
"\"It's not something that is going to be easy to fix,\" she said, adding that it's not unusual to see a change in the value of a property."
"\"We have a lot of work to do in the next couple of months to get our act together and get the message across that we're going to win,\" he said."
"I'd love to have a game in the next couple of weeks where we go from there, but we're not in a rush to do that."
"The Scottish government said the UK should \"stay in the single market \"and not have to pay for a third of the costs of leaving the EU."
"\"It's hard to get a handle on what's going on in the world,\" she said."
"But I don't think the council is going to be able to say that because we are not in a position to do that."
"He was a young man, and he was already in a relationship, and he was in love with his wife, and she was going to be his wife."
"But I think what's really interesting about the whole thing is that the audience is just so interested in the story."
"The S & P 500's gain has been driven by a strong job market and a weak U. S. dollar."
"\"It's not like we've been able to do anything else, but we're able to do something,\" he said."
"We want to ensure that the most vulnerable people are treated fairly and that they are protected from abuse and discrimination."
"\"I'm not sure I'll be able to do that in the future,\" he said in a telephone interview."
"I would like to see more of this in the future, but I don't know if it will happen."
"And it's not just about the party, it's about the people who are going to be in charge of the country."
"And you're not going to get rid of them, because they're going to be there for years, and you're going to have to pay for them."
"The idea of having a woman in the White House is a dream come true for many people, but it's a reality that few people have ever seen."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen from 3. 4 million in 2014 to 4. 1 million."
"The top 10 were all women, with five of them having children with at least one of the men."
"We are very, very close to the moment when we will have to make a decision on whether we will be able to move forward with the EU."
"But the truth is that the world is not so much a place of numbers as it is a place of experience and of hope."
"We are the most important club in the world, and we want to be the champions of the world, but we have to do it with the best of our ability."
"And the more we talk about the fact that we've got a lot of young people coming into this country who are not going to be able to come in and work."
"In the last two years, the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV has fallen by more than 90 percent."
"But I'm just trying to keep up with what I'm doing and keep working on it, and hopefully get a chance to play in the next couple of weeks."
"The German chancellor also stressed that she was not making any promises about the future of the European project but that she was committed to the EU and the European project."
"The victim, who was with her boyfriend, was rushed to hospital and later died of her injuries."
"I would never have believed that I would have to go through that experience again, but I'm just so happy that I did."
"\"The government should be doing more to help people in need, not just the ones who are already struggling,\" he said."
"The letter said: \"The Government is committed to ensuring that the best possible services are delivered to the people who need them most."
"The first was a $ 2 million, but it was a huge amount for a family that had to get a new home."
"It's a great day for us to get back to a good level and hopefully we can do a lot better than we did at the start of the season."
"The UK government is to make a formal request to the UK government to grant asylum in the country where the UK has decided to remain."
"In the first three months of this year, the number of students with a disability jumped by more than a third, according to the Department of Education."
"A lot of people have said I'm not a good enough coach, but I'm not a bad enough coach either."
"\"I think we can't afford to go into the next five years and then have to change our life style,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a Republican candidate in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very effective way of showing you are on the right track,\" he said."
"He said he had spent more than $ 100, 000 on the project, which he said would have cost $ 200, 000 had he known the cost of the project."
"\"The most important thing is that we are able to show that we are willing to work with the Russian authorities,\" he added."
"We've got a lot of work to do in terms of the business side, the business of the clubs, but we are in the right place."
"The new, more expensive product will be available in the first quarter of 2017, with a price of $ 4, 000."
"\"I think we should be doing more to support them, not just for the first time, but for the first time in the history of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I've been working on the music for the last couple of years, and I think it's time to move on,\" he says."
"It's not something I've been able to do for a long time and I'm not going to do it for the rest of my life."
"I have been working with him for a long time and I think that he is one of the best players in the world."
"We're hoping that people will come back and come back to this show and enjoy it and have a laugh with us."
"The country's biggest bank has agreed to pay a $ 1. 5 million fine to the United States government for allegedly using its computer systems to access the accounts of a Chinese businessman and his wife."
"\"I know that some of the people who have been around the block, they have been in the same position,\" he said."
"The fact that we are now at the point where we are having a discussion about what the future of the United Kingdom is going to be, we have to do that."
"\"I just feel like it's the best way to do it,\" he said of the study."
"\"I'm not going to go into details, but I'm not going to tell you the details,\" he said."
"The average length of time it takes for the kids to get to the library is about three hours, according to the study."
"\"I think it's a very strong message that the state of Iowa is changing,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people aged over 65 who have a job or university education increased from 7. 6 per cent in 2000 to 9. 6 per cent in 2015."
"They have a lot of good players in their squad, so they have a lot of chances to make the team and get the right players."
"He said the party's membership had been \"shocked \"by the rise of the SNP and that the party would not be backing a second independence referendum."
"\"I think we can all agree that the future of the UK is very much in the hands of the people of Scotland,\" he said."
"In the same way, we can't say that we are the only ones who are not affected, because we are the only ones who are."
"Theresa May's official spokeswoman said: \"The Prime Minister has made it clear that she is committed to a Brexit that works for everyone."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a good thing for the state, but we need to make sure we are going to make sure we're going to make sure we're going to make sure we're going to make sure we're"
"It is a great opportunity for us to show that we are serious about what we are doing, which is to make sure that people are safe."
"And it is only now, after I've been through a lot, that I feel comfortable in my own skin."
"The only thing I can say is that I am not surprised that the first thing that comes to my mind is the fact that I am an artist."
"A statement from the U. S. government on Thursday said the U. S. government is working to ensure that the investigation is completed."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised at how well the first couple of days were going,\" he said."
"\"We are all going to be better off if we work together,\" he said, adding that the two sides would work on common interests."
"The new deal, which will see the majority of the UK's energy produced in the EU, will see the UK's share of the market rising to 25% from 16% in 2014."
"The two sides have been working on a ceasefire since July 2014, when the Assad government took over large parts of the country."
"It's a big game for me and I'll be playing against a very good team, so I'm excited to play against them."
"And the fact that we have a lot of money, we can afford to do that, but we need to do it."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference that is, but I think it's a very good thing."
"The man's identity was not released, but he was said to have been an employee of the company."
"The company said in a statement it was \"shocked \"at the incident, which it said was not a \"fatal \"incident."
"The number of people leaving the UK for Europe is expected to reach more than 1 million in the next five years, according to new figures."
"He said the UK should \"not let \"Europe's leaders \"targets make it harder for Britain to keep its borders open."
"The Home Office said it was working with the French authorities to establish whether the men had been identified as they were reported missing."
"In the last year, he's been the best player on the field and he's done that in a big way."
"But it's also the case that the fact that the police are asking for more information will only lead to more violence."
"It is unclear what prompted the attack, but it is thought to have been carried out by a member of the Islamic State."
"The Democratic presidential nominee has said that she would prefer to focus on the economy rather than her own campaign."
"\"It's been a long time coming, but it's good to have a little bit of time to prepare,\" he said."
"He has been accused of being a \"murderer \"and of having an affair with a woman he met at a party in 2013."
"The British prime minister, Theresa May, has said the EU's deal with Turkey is \"good \"for the UK."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand that this is not just a one- off event,\" he said."
"It was a good night for me, and I was going to be back in the game for the first time in a while."
"We're looking at a lot of different ways to improve the quality of life for people and the quality of life for the planet."
"\"If you're going to be a good role model, you need to be able to tell people what you're doing and what you're doing well,\" he says."
"I've got to work hard and play the best I can, and hopefully we get a win, but I'm not going to let that stop me."
"I don't know if he was in the house or if he was going to be there for a long time."
"The fact is that the political and financial interests of the Chinese state have been pushed aside by the people's leadership."
"The company said the new vehicle will be available in the first half of next year and that it expects to have sales in the first half of next year."
"The German government has been criticised for failing to take a more active role in the migrant crisis and for failing to support the more than 3 million asylum seekers who arrived in the country last year."
"It's not a story that will be told in the next six months or even a year."
"He said: \"We are not going to have a single- issue referendum, which is why we are not going to have a single referendum."
"The government has also promised to make the roads in Scotland safer, by investing in new roads, and by investing in new infrastructure."
"We are going to do a lot more than just tell people what to do, we're going to be able to create a world where everybody can do whatever they want to do."
"\"I was never a big fan of the word \"rape \"and I don't think that was the right word to describe the way I was treated,\" she said."
"I think it's important that the kids are given the opportunity to play with each other and have fun."
"The report also said that the number of people who had been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in the UK increased by 1. 6 per cent between 2008 and 2015."
"It's not just that we have a large number of people who have not yet had a chance to get in touch."
"\"The people who are going to take over the government's job are the people who are going to make the decisions about what's happening in our country,\" he said."
"We're going to be seeing some big changes in the way we run and how we play, and that's something we're going to have to look at."
"The U. S. has been working on its own plan for dealing with the migrant crisis in Europe, with President Obama's announcement in late January that the U. S. would accept about 3 million refugees."
"And if you're going to go to a store, you've got to be prepared to pay the price."
"The day after the speech, Trump's campaign released a statement that said the president- elect's remarks were not meant to be a criticism of the media."
"In a statement, the company said it was committed to the \"common sense \"approach to the industry."
"\"I've been in a lot of situations where I've had to play the same way and the same situation,\" he said."
"The tax cuts are for middle- income families, who are responsible for around 60 percent of the federal deficit, and they're designed to help the middle class."
"He said the move would be \"very difficult \"given the new rules and that he had not heard from any other school in the region."
"The 31- year- old, who has not played a game since the summer, was named in the squad for the tournament on Friday."
"\"I think there is a lot of pressure on the sport and I think it's not good for the sport,\" he said."
"The majority of them have been arrested, but the rest are being held by the police, prosecutors and judges."
"\"I think that's what's going to be important for us in the next few months to get the best out of our players and to get them to the best level we can,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me as a candidate,\" he said, according to the Associated Press."
"We're trying to get it to the right place, we want to be able to get it right at the right time."
"The news comes as the government is facing criticism for failing to take action to protect the environment from the worst environmental damage."
"The government has not made any official comment on the report, which was commissioned by the then Home Office minister."
"The men are being held in a detention center for the alleged plot, which was first reported in the press on Monday."
"The police were called and a man who was identified as a resident of the area was taken into custody."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to do that,\" he said, adding that he and his wife were forced to move into a new home with their two young children."
"The problem is that if you don't have a system to deal with that, then it's not going to be able to do anything."
"We had a lot of people that were coming in and out of the facility, but we had a lot of people that weren't coming in."
"\"I think the message that I have got to send to my players is that they're going to take it,\" he said."
"He said he had no idea what the relationship was between the two men, but he was told that they had been married for 40 years."
"The United Nations said on Friday that more than 1 million people had been displaced since the fighting began in April."
"The project is expected to cost around $ 2 billion to $ 2. 5 billion, and it will be funded through the federal budget."
"If you want to see what I'm talking about, I'm talking about the process of how the process of how the process is, the process of how it's going to be."
"It is a great game for us, it's a great game for the fans, and it's a great game for the club."
"The real question is how much more we can do to help those in need and in the context of the global economic crisis."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that he's coming back, because he's a player who has been around the game for a long time,\" he said."
"The Government is set to give councils powers to review the health service's funding as part of a plan to deliver a \"new \"health service."
"It's not about a series of five- minute episodes, it's about a series of five- minute episodes, and I'm not going to get into that."
"In the end, the only way for the Republican Party to win the White House is if it can turn out a million people to vote."
"It's a great time to be a young man, and I'm looking forward to it."
"\"I'm just going to give it my best shot,\" he told the Washington Post."
"The two- year- old was born with a rare genetic condition that makes it difficult for her to live normally."
"The second is that the Labour party has lost its identity as an alternative to the centre- left, or at least the centre- left that it once was."
"But it's a good feeling to be back in the Champions League, especially when you have a team that can take a game from us."
"I think that's a good thing because it's a chance to see what the world can do."
"The first time I saw her was when I was in the hospital and she was in a car with two other people."
"The fact that the school has a history of violence against transgender students is a concern, and that's why we're working with the school to investigate."
"But that's not the case for the next president, who could be set for an extraordinary election in 2018."
"I don't think that's going to change much in the short term because we're going to get a lot of people that are not into it."
"The company's shares have lost about 60 percent of their value since the crisis began, with the stock dropping as much as 70 percent since the beginning of the year."
"\"I don't know how to explain it, but he is the most amazing person in the world,\" he said."
"But the person I want to be with, the person I want to be with in my own life, I've got to say, I don't know."
"It's a very serious problem, but the people who are responsible for it don't have to be politicians."
"\"We have to look for a solution to the problem of corruption in the state of the nation,\" he said."
"It is not the first time that the Bank of England has put a target on interest rates, but it is the first time it has come close to the target."
"The UK's main government watchdog has warned that a vote to leave the EU could be a \"big, big deal \"if Britain votes to leave."
"And it's not just a matter of money, either- it's also about the way we see ourselves."
"I'm a little worried about the future, but it's a good thing I can still play in a top four."
"He's going to be a great ambassador for our sport, and I'm very excited for him to be a part of it."
"It is a very important day for the country and for the people of this country, and I will be attending the funeral of my great- great- grandfather."
"\"I think that is a good thing for the country,\" he said, \"because it gives the government the confidence to make decisions."
"I have a job to do, and I'm not going to be doing anything else,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's any question about that, but it's very important that we move forward,\" she said."
"In a statement, the group said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it had been working with the government on the process."
"He said that the government's response was to pay for the costs of the project, which had been completed in 2012."
"She said: \"We have a very strong team in place and we're looking forward to getting to work."
"We have to get back to the level we had before but we've got to keep the momentum going and try to win the league."
"The FBI has been investigating the emails for months, but the agency has not been able to get access to the emails themselves."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product,\" he said."
"\"I've got to tell you, I've got to tell you, I've got to tell you, I've got to tell you, I've got to tell you, I've got to tell you,\" he said."
"The plan is to open a new office in the city's downtown and a new restaurant and retail space, and it's not yet clear how much of the new space will be used for food and drink."
"I've been in this position before and I know it's not easy to get through a game like this."
"The Home Office said it was \"deeply concerned \"by the reports, adding that it had already spoken to the woman."
"In a statement, the company said it was \"confident \"it would have to pay out the money, but declined to comment further."
"The league will be looking to ensure the best possible level of play for both sides, and to ensure the best possible outcome for the teams in the final."
"I've got a lot of friends in the business and I think that's the best way to do it."
"The Lakers (20- 10) had a season- high 54 points from Bryant, who had 22 points and nine rebounds."
"If you don't have a good relationship with the people you're talking about, you're not going to get anything done."
"I don't want to be the person who says, \"I don't know what this is all about."
"\"I don't think there's any question that, at the end of the day, it's a positive thing for the country,\" he said."
"I've been told that it's a bit of a dream come true, but it's something that I'm looking forward to."
"I don't know if he would have said that if he was in the race to be president, but I think he would have said it."
"The Government has already set out the final terms of the deal, and the Government is yet to give the UK a clear view."
"The singer has since said she will not be returning to the show, which is scheduled for September 13."
"They said the government had spent about $ 1. 7 million on the project, but that it had not been enough to pay for the cost of the school."
"It's not like a guy who's just got a big heart who's going to take care of his body."
"\"I don't know what the situation is, but I think I'm in a better place than I was last year,\" he said."
"It's not that we don't like him, it's just that we don't feel like we can take him."
"The company said it will release a new iPhone in the second half of next year, and that the device will have a faster design."
"It's the first time in a decade that the U. S. has not won a major championship."
"He added:'I think the reason I'm in this position is because I've always been a bit of a failure."
"The new law will give the federal government until November to implement it, but it will take effect in June, with the state's first such law in more than a decade."
"The BBC has been trying to reach the families of the victims of the attack but has not received any response."
"The company said the pilot program will be extended to other airports in the U. S., including Denver and Boston."
