"A few months ago I was having a conversation with a friend about how to do a story with a gay character."
"He said he was also concerned about the potential impact on the country's economy and its ability to attract foreign investment."
"I don't know what it was like to be in that situation, but it was a tough time for my family and I was able to come home and recover."
"\"I'm very happy to have won the championship, I'm very happy to be in the top 10 and I'm very happy to be in the top 10,\" he said."
"They're going to be more concerned about the people that are in the building, and the people that are in the building."
"\"I'm not saying that's what's going to happen, but I'm not saying that's what's going to happen,\" he said."
"They're the only people who have the ability to change the course of history and change the course of the world."
"\"I'm going to be the first to admit that I'm not a very good coach,\" he said."
"The Syrian opposition says the U. S.- led coalition is responsible for the chemical weapons attack, but the Syrian government says it has no direct responsibility."
"\"The idea of doing it in a film, or a TV show, is not a fantasy,\" he says."
"\"It's very sad that this happened, but I'm not sure how it's going to affect me,\" she said."
"The fact that the budget is so low doesn't mean that it's not going to be good for the economy."
"The woman, who is also a mother of two, said:'I didn't want to give up on her."
"He said:'We have been in touch with the local police and we are working with them to identify the person."
"\"If you are a woman and you have a child, you have to be prepared to be out in public,\" she said."
"He's had a few injuries, but he's still a young kid and he's got a lot of work to do."
"She was described by the girl's mother as being in her 20s and in good health, according to the Daily Mail."
"The second thing is, I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not."
"But he said it was \"impossible to know \"if the new rules would have a significant impact on the business."
"\"I am so proud of the people who have worked so hard for us, and I think that's what this is all about,\" she said."
"\"I think there's a lot of pressure to be the best player in the world,\" he said."
"The announcement comes after a series of attacks in the UK in which a number of people were killed and several others wounded."
"I'm sure he'll be back in the next couple of days to play some more games."
"\"I would say this is a very, very big change in the way we do business,\" Mr. Trump said."
"The agency also said it would make a determination by the end of March whether to bring the case to trial."
"A man has been charged with murder after the body of a woman was found in a flat in the city."
"The company has not been able to gain access to the data from the incident, but the FBI has said it has recovered the information."
"\"I've been working on this for a while, but I think it's time for me to get back to it,\" he said."
"The government is hoping to attract foreign investment to improve its economy, but it is also trying to create jobs, the report says."
"The family of a British man who died in a British prison has said he was a victim of a \"systematic cover- up \"and called for the government to release him."
"The UN says that the number of people who have fled their homes in the last two weeks has been \"significantly higher \"than the previous record low of 1. 2 million."
"\"I think it's very important that we see this as a serious problem,\" he said in an interview."
"\"We're going to see a lot of growth in the next few years, so it's a good time to keep an eye on that,\" he said."
"The second is that the real impact of the trade deal is likely to be limited to the UK, not the EU."
"The pair were arrested at the airport on Tuesday and were released on bail, according to the Daily Mail."
"I've seen it happen in the past, but I'm not a fan of it now."
"We're not going to let them get away with this, but we're going to do what we can to make sure that no one else gets away with this."
"The former governor of Massachusetts, who has been at the center of a bitter legal battle over his use of a private email server, said he would not have chosen to step down if the FBI had not found him guilty."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and is expected to appear in court on February 12."
"The study also found that the more people who have been diagnosed with a mental illness, the more likely they are to get a diagnosis."
"It's a good thing that the top of the order is now the focus, because that's what's important to me, not what's going to happen in the future."
"But he said he has not had any contact with the family of the man, who was found dead at his home."
"It was a great moment for us to get to the finals and we have to do it again this year, which is tough."
"\"I'm not going to give up, but I'm not going to let them get in my way,\" he said."
"I think it is really important that we have a dialogue with our European partners, and that we talk about the issues that are affecting us."
"The company said it was able to get the new phone into the hands of the public in the United States and abroad."
"\"We can't say anything about what happened, but I can't say that we are going to release the footage,\" he added."
"\"I think we have a really good team, we have a good manager, we have a good team, and we are going to win,\" he said."
"The question is whether the party can make a difference in the city, and that's a difficult question to answer."
"The whole world will be watching to see what happens, and it will be up to the Chinese to decide whether they want to be part of the solution."
"The study found that those with the highest levels of income had the highest rates of depression, anxiety and other stress- related problems."
"The problem is that if you have the right person in place to do that, it's very hard to find a replacement that's going to be able to do it."
"I'm not going to go into details, but I do know that there is a lot of uncertainty about the future of the company."
"It is expected that the UK will remain a member of the EU by the end of the year- although it is not yet clear how long this will last."
"A lot of people have had to leave their homes and go abroad to find jobs, but I am happy to be back here."
"The United States and its allies have been bombing the Islamic State since March 2015, when the group declared a state of emergency in Syria."
"\"The more we are exposed to, the more likely it is that we will have to change the way we think about sex,\" he said."
"In the past, the FBI has been able to access the phone records of millions of phone calls made by millions of people."
"The company also said it had no plans to introduce new products in the United States, where it operates, and in Europe, where it operates."
"\"I've been here for two years and I've been here for eight years,\" he said, according to the Times."
"He said: \"I think it's important for us to have a clear view of what is going on and what is happening."
"I've got a lot of people in my life who were born and raised in the same place, who are here today."
"The man who took the life of his wife was sentenced to life in prison on Wednesday in the High Court in Edinburgh."
"The only thing I can say is that I have done everything I could to make it work, and I am happy to do so."
"The US presidential election is due to be held in November, but the country's ruling party is currently leading in the polls, with the opposition Labor party in third place."
"I've been working with the girls and I've seen a lot of good things in the last few weeks and I'm very excited."
"She said she was in a relationship with another man, who she believed was the same man who was responsible for the attack."
"In a statement, the company said it was \"deeply sorry \"for the pain caused by the incident and for the loss of the lives of its employees and customers."
"The state's unemployment rate was 6. 5 percent last month, compared with 4. 5 percent in June."
"The company's shares rose 2. 3 percent to $ 12. 70 in after- hours trading."
"I've got to take the time to talk to him, because I don't want to take him away from his family."
"The FBI has already released a statement on the case, but it doesn't say much about the details."
"We are a family and we have been together for more than 30 years so I think it's important that we get along."
"We're a team that plays with a lot of confidence and we're going to be a team that we can win games."
"The victims \"families are appealing for the public's help to find the man, who was last seen in the early hours of Sunday morning."
"I think the people of the United States have been very clear about this: the United States has not sought to go to war with Iraq."
"I think he's really enjoying himself and I think he's enjoying his career and that's what I think he's trying to do, so he's got to be ready for the big game."
"The first woman to serve as secretary of state in a major U. S. president's administration has been a woman."
"\"I think it was the first time I've ever seen a kid like that play,\" he said."
"The two- year- old girl's mother has told the court she was raped by her father and that he sexually abused her."
"I think we've got a really good team there, and we've got a good group of players to go with."
"\"The message is clear: if you are not ready to go, you will not go,\" she said."
"\"The aim is to bring a lot of jobs back to the city and to provide a lot of jobs in the region,\" he said."
"The people of this state and the people of the United States of America deserve to know that the people of this state and the people of this country have a right to know."
"The other is that the US is not a democracy, and we are not a democracy if we don't have the ability to change it."
"\"It was a big deal for us, and we wanted to make sure that we were in the top four,\" he said."
"He's got a lot of work to do, but he's got a lot of promise, and he's got a lot of potential."
"The 24- year- old, who has been with the club since 2012, said:'I was a bit disappointed but I'm happy with the result."
"He said:'I think it's a little bit sad to see it be taken down but I don't think it's going to be taken down very quickly."
"And the club's board is also investigating whether the club is not being fair to players who have been in trouble for some time."
"It's not clear whether the federal government will hold a public hearing on the issue, or if the government will simply release the information in a public hearing."
"He has been in the media and at the top of the polls and I'm sure he'll be the top choice."
"It is not clear whether the footage was taken on the same day as the shooting, and it is not clear whether the shooting was targeted at the same time as the robbery."
"It's not that I don't want to be in a band, but I want to have a good time."
"If you're looking to invest in a home, you'll want to look at the price of the home before you make a decision."
"\"I've got a lot of things in the bag and I'm not going to sit back and let my head get caught up in it,\" he said."
"I've been in this situation before, and I was in this position a couple of years ago, and it was a really hard decision to make."
"I'm just hoping that the girls who are going to be here for the rest of their lives are going to get back to what they were before."
"He has also suggested that he would be willing to take on the role if the prime minister had a chance."
"The government has pledged to reduce the cost of energy by 25% by 2020- and the cost of electricity has fallen to around \u00a3 2 a day."
"But he said he would take a hard look at the contract if he was offered a new one and decided he wanted to stay."
"I am still working out, but it's not something I can control, I am just going to be doing what I do."
"But, even if you're not a fan of the show, you're going to love the show."
"The biggest problem is that most of the people who want to come here are not here to work, they are here to live and to work."
"\"I think we have to think about it and we have to think about it a little bit,\" she said."
"The company has been in talks with the US government to sell the plant, and the plant is expected to be completed by 2020."
"\"I don't think the courts are ready to act yet,\" he said, adding that the Supreme Court had not yet ruled on the issue."
"\"I think the American people are the ones who will decide what happens in this election,\" he told the crowd at the convention."
"The couple's relationship has grown so great that she has decided to take the matter to court, claiming they are not married."
"\"I think it's important to take into account the issues that are going to affect you in the coming months,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested in the same area on Sunday and charged with three counts of first- degree murder, which carries a sentence of up to life in prison."
"\"I'm sure that the people of this country, in their heart of hearts, will say, \"I'm going to vote for Donald Trump."
"The company says it will be closed for several hours and will return to normal operations on Thursday morning."
"I want to be the best version of myself I can be, but I've got to do it because I'm going to be the best."
"The two men then hit each other with their weapons and fled, but were later spotted by police."
"But the reason we don't have a full review of the evidence is because we are still waiting for the scientific evidence to be presented."
"If the government is going to get the right deal, it has to do it in a way that is fair to the people."
"She said:'I was really worried about my brother and his family, and I didn't know what to do."
"I think he will be the first person that will know what he has done, and will have the confidence to come forward and tell us what he thinks."
"The European Union has said it will not take any action to stop the flow of refugees from the Greek islands."
"\"I think we're going to be a much better team in 2016 than we are now,\" he said."
"If you're going to do this, you're going to have to get a lot of people to come and vote for you."
"We're going to go into the weekend and play a team who's going to be a better team than us."
"\"I have been working on this for two years, so I'm just getting started,\" he said."
"I had a good run but the thing is, it's not a big deal, I'm not going to be too worried about that."
"I've been in the club a long time and I've been involved in the game for a long time and I think we have a good team and we can take the next step."
"She said: \"I would have been very happy if the person who was responsible had been put on trial and had been convicted."
"\"I was in my car for a while and I saw the driver of the car, a man in his 20s, with a gun,\" he said."
"She added:'It's not a secret that I'm not a good person, but I am a good person and I have a duty to people."
"But we do have to do better in the future, and I am confident that we will, and we will, and we will,\" he said."
"A spokesman for the department said: \"We are aware of the matter and will be seeking to resolve it as quickly as possible."
"\"The fact that the government has said that they will not allow it, it's not a surprise to me,\" he said."
"The fact that he's a guy who's been around the block for a long time, he's very smart."
"\"I think it's a great time to be a parent and I'm looking forward to seeing my children grow up,\" he said."
"\"I don't know why we have to wait until we get our hands on one of the other countries,\" he said."
"It is hard to imagine that a man who has been in the news for his actions would have been more targeted."
"It is a very difficult situation, and I want to be clear that I will not be supporting Donald Trump or Ted Cruz."
"\"I'm not going to be surprised if it's going to be a very successful year for me,\" he said."
"The researchers said that they were concerned about the impact of the changes on children who may be at increased risk."
"The former Manchester City player has been a long- term friend of the club and is understood to be interested in joining them."
"\"I think it's good for the community, I think it's good for the state and I think it's good for the country,\" Trump told reporters."
"A spokesman for the company said: \"The number of UK residents living in the UK is growing at a much faster pace than in any other part of the world."
"\"I know I have to be careful about what I say, but I'm going to say it,\" he said."
"The police and security services have been working together to protect the public, and we are very grateful for the work of the police and security services."
"\"I think we're going to have to see what happens, but I don't think we're going to see that,\" he said."
"The president- elect's transition team also announced that he will take office next month, and the White House has invited reporters to attend."
"\"The fact is, we're not going to be able to give the government any money to do this,\" he said."
"I think we have to have some confidence in ourselves and in our players, but we are not playing like we have been playing."
"The company's stock is down more than 20 percent since the deal was announced, but its shares are up more than 8 percent over the past year."
"It's not the first time the pair have met- the pair have been spotted together in the last year- but they have never met before."
"\"I think it's a very good idea for a lot of people to have a bit of a laugh,\" he says."
"The money will be used to build a new hospital in the city, which has been under construction since 2009."
"In a separate development, the state's governor said that it is possible that the state will seek a higher rate of state aid."
"We have to make sure we are going to be in a position to get the ball in the box and get the ball in the right place."
"\"I feel like I've been waiting for a long time,\" he told the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme."
"\"I have a lot of respect for people who have come to this country and come here and come here and have a good life,\" she said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to work together on the issues that matter to people in our community,\" he said."
"\"It's very hard to come back from a bad game like that,\" he said."
"But we were going to be having a conversation about how we can improve the way we play, how we play our style of play, what we want to achieve and how we want to work."
"\"I am not a politician, I have been in politics for more than 25 years, and I have never been in a position to comment on anything,\" he said."
"The rest of the country is likely to see a similar increase in the number of people who are eligible for unemployment benefits."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law in March, with the first step being a consultation on the new legislation."
"He said that the force had received a number of complaints from the public about the new policy, but he did not say how many were being addressed."
"The U. S. military has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington, which killed more than 200 people."
"\"I don't know what the plan is for the next few years,\" he said, referring to the administration's fiscal year 2017 budget."
"\"I have seen the Prime Minister say he will not accept the result of the referendum on whether to leave the European Union,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how long it will take for the team to come to a conclusion,\" he said."
"He also said that the U. S. had been working closely with the Russian government in the fight against IS in Syria."
"\"We have to do a better job of giving them the confidence to go out there and do their job,\" he said."
"I think that's one of the reasons I started this and I'm looking forward to the next one."
"\"I would say that we're not going to get back to the old ways of doing things,\" she said."
"We've got to get a lot of things right, and we've got to get a lot of things right, and we're going to get a lot of things wrong."
"\"We've got to get better at getting the ball into the back of the net,\" he said."
"\"It's been an amazing journey,\" he said, \"and it's been a long road, but I've got a lot of confidence in me."
"The first is the one we have in mind- the one that you will be hearing about in a few minutes."
"\"We are going to be able to do a lot of things, but it's a big task,\" he said."
"The first was the U. S. Supreme Court case of the same name, which was a landmark in the U. S. Supreme Court."
"The whole country is going to be looking at it and it's going to be a big problem for the whole country."
"He also has to pay for his own expenses, such as rent and medical bills, which he has not been able to afford."
"The number of people who have died as a result of suicide in the UK has more than doubled in the last decade, the charity said."
"The Republican nominee has repeatedly said that he will not accept the results of the election if he or she becomes president."
"The latest figures show a rise of 4. 5 per cent on the year- before, and a fall of 1. 5 per cent on the year after."
"\"We've been having a lot of conversations about the cost of this, but it's a little bit too high for me,\" he said."
"The department said the first arrest occurred at 8: 14 p. m. and that the second was at 9: 22 p. m."
"She said: \"I have been working on the proposal for a number of years, but I have only got a couple of months to go."
"But the fact that he's coming back, it's not a surprise to me, he's the best player in the world."
"The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, said he was \"pleased \"by the ceasefire agreement reached in Geneva."
"\"We are not going to have the same experience, but I'm sure we will have the same experiences and the same expectations,\" he said."
"The company said it had $ 3. 8 billion in cash on hand at the end of the quarter, a figure that was well below its estimate of $ 4. 1 billion."
"I'm not sure what the situation is, but it's not a good situation for the club to be in."
"The company has also reported a 14% increase in revenue in the third quarter, which helped boost its sales."
"\"We're going to make a decision,\" the Prime Minister said, \"and we're going to make a decision on the basis of that."
"But the government has made clear that it will not be able to take action until it is clear that it can do so."
"The new technology could help doctors manage patients with a range of conditions, such as anxiety and depression, the report said."
"It's hard to see a way to get a better deal for British consumers, but there is a clear path to getting there."
"In the US, the rate is 5. 8 percent, and in Germany it's 6. 7 percent."
"The family, who are from the same town, had been visiting the site since the start of the Easter holiday, but the family said they were unable to return to their home."
"\"There's no doubt in my mind that the U. S. is the most important country in the world,\" Trump said."
"I am sure that the President- elect will listen to the concerns of American citizens and work to get the American people on his side."
"\"It's hard for me to be honest with you, but I can't help you,\" he said."
"I didn't want to leave him, I just wanted to make sure he was OK and that he didn't get hurt."
"The UK government has said it will review its approach to the issue, which it said was \"fairly complex \"and could involve the government's own review."
"But in the short term, it's not clear that we should be able to do this alone."
"The council said it was concerned that the new rules would increase the chances that children would be abused while they were in school."
"But it's a small sample size and we don't know if it's enough to determine the impact of the disease."
"A spokesman for the Home Office said: \"The Home Office is aware of reports of a number of women in the public eye."
"He's a tough guy, he's got a lot of work to do and he's got to make a good effort to get back in the team."
"I don't think it's going to be a problem for me at all, but I would love to get a chance to play with him in the next few weeks."
"The jury of three women and three men, which included the judge, found him guilty of murder in October 2012."
"\"We've got a long way to go to get the best deal for the UK,\" he said."
"It's very hard to find a place where you're going to be able to be at a place where your life is going to change."
"The Ministry of Defence said the number of deaths was still being confirmed, but there was no sign of a large number of civilian deaths."
"\"I have been trying to come up with a plan for the future, and I don't know what I'm going to do,\" he said."
"It was a bit of a surprise to me to get the job, but it was a really good experience and I am very happy to be here."
"The number of people who have been injured in the line of duty has risen from five million to seven million in just a few weeks."
"\"If I had to choose between the two, I'd say I'd like to be in the latter,\" he said."
"The plan is for the government to introduce an online tax- free credit in 2017- 18 and 2018- 19."
"\"I'm not a huge fan of the idea of a single- payer system, but I think it is an interesting idea,\" he says."
"The UK will remain in the EU and be able to offer free movement to EU citizens, regardless of where they come from."
"The difference between the two parties is that they have been able to play catch- up with the electorate by attacking the other side."
"The government has given the UK a free vote on whether to remain in the EU, with the result to be decided by a referendum."
"The man, who is known to police, was arrested in the early hours of Wednesday and charged with the offences."
"\"I don't know why they did it, but I have to ask, why would they do it?\"he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and ask him if he was OK."
"But there is a huge difference between the way he was treated and the way he was treated when he was a child, and I don't think that's going to change in the next eight years."
"It's a good thing that the two of us have agreed on that we're going to do it in a different way."
"\"I think the most important thing to me is to be able to stand up and say, \"I'm going to stand up and say I'm going to stand up,\" \"she said."
"We're hoping to get a good deal with the US, but we don't know how long that will be."
"The league's last big game came in February, when the teams played at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas."
"\"The truth is that the U. S. government is not doing anything about the situation in Syria,\" Kerry told reporters."
"The US is already working with the European Union to monitor the situation and is also providing assistance to the Syrian government."
"The Scottish Government's recent budget forecast the economy to grow by 3. 6 per cent in 2016 / 17, compared to 2. 4 per cent in 2015 / 16."
"It's a very important thing to have in the future but it's a big deal now because we've got the money."
"It is a very, very difficult time, but we have to do what we can to make sure that it does not happen again."
"It's a good thing that the government has been working on it, because it's good to have a company that is willing to help people."
"They're just not going to be able to do it without a lot of work and a lot of hard work,\" she said."
"If you want to get a good start, you can't afford to waste your time."
"They're not going to be able to get it done because they have to take the money from the banks."
"\"It's not about the money, it's about the people, the people are looking at it,\" he said."
"We have to do it, because if we don't, it's not going to be a good thing for our country."
"And the government has said that it will consider the case of the woman who has been missing for more than a year."
"If you're going to have an event, you need to be able to tell your audience that you're there for them."
"We are talking about a great country, great people, great culture, great people, great history, great people, and a great city and a great city, and a great city, and a great city and a great city, and we"
"The U. S. has been conducting airstrikes in Iraq since the coalition began fighting Islamic State militants, and the U. S. military has also conducted airstrikes in Syria since last year."
"The study also found that among the largest cities in the United States, San Francisco was the least likely to have a police officer."
"I think that's what the fans want to see, and I think that's what they'll see on the big stage."
"The two countries have had a bad year, with the EU's migration crisis hitting the UK hard."
"The EU has long been the main supporter of the Syrian government, and has backed the opposition forces that have seized the city."
"It is a dream come true to be in the Premier League, it is a dream come true to be in a club where I am able to play."
"The first thing I did was go and check the bank to see if they had any money, and I found that the balance was $ 4, 000."
"\"I just wanted to make sure I got the best deal possible and that was the best deal,\" he said."
"We're going to have to work hard to get back to our roots, and I think we're going to have to work hard to do that."
"The company has said it will bring in more employees in the next year, but has yet to announce a price for its core business."
"It's the best thing we've ever done together and we're going to do it again."
"The city has been under the control of the Syrian government since 2011, and the coalition has been carrying out air strikes against the Islamic State group for years."
"\"I'm not sure how many people will actually pay attention to the news, but I'm not sure how many people will actually care about the truth,\" he said."
"\"I'm not a fan of the idea that we're going to be in a position where we're going to have a problem,\" he said."
"The new report, however, found that the number of people who said they had been in a relationship for more than three years was still about 20 per cent higher than in the previous survey."
"\"I'm happy to have won the Premier League, but I want to keep playing for Liverpool, and I'm very happy to be playing for the club,\" he said."
"The couple's two young children have been in a relationship for a few years, but the relationship is breaking down, so they're not going to be together."
"We are very pleased with the results we have had so far and we look forward to continuing to improve our performance in 2017 and beyond."
"It's the sort of thing that you don't see a lot of in the US, but it's something we're very keen for."
"\"It's a good day for the American people and I'm very proud to have served in the United States military for the last 25 years,\" he said."
"The new law, which comes into force on 1 January, will apply to the next five years, and it is not yet known how many new people will be affected by the changes."
"The UK government has said it is \"confident \"that the UK will not be able to stop the flow of migrants to Europe."
"The President- elect also vowed to \"get tough \"on Russia and said he'd \"absolutely \"not \"totally \"bomb the country."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said:'The Metropolitan Police is aware of reports of the death of a 21- year- old male."
"In a statement, the company said: \"The amount of work we've done over the last year is unprecedented."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a great coach, but we have to do the best we can,\" he said."
"The second was the one that started it all- and, I think, that made it all the more special."
"He said:'The boys were involved in a fight and the police were called and I was arrested for assault."
"The government has promised to cut the number of people who are unable to work due to the high cost of living."
"The couple, who were both in their 20s at the time of the incident, have been charged with two counts of attempted murder."
"I am a woman, and I've been a woman for as long as I can remember, and I'm still a woman."
"The international community has also been unable to stop the flow of refugees into Europe, with the number of migrants crossing the Mediterranean to Greece from Turkey and Greece to Italy."
"A spokesman for the Department of Health said the department was \"looking into \"the incident and is in contact with the family."
"\"The only thing that matters is the quality of the products we produce and the quality of the products we sell,\" he said."
"The UK is the only major country that doesn't have a minimum wage, which is set to rise to \u00a3 10 by 2020, but it will not be paid by the end of this parliament."
"It was a good night, but I have to say that I wasn't in a good mood for the first 20 minutes."
"\"It's a good thing to have a strong champion, because he can always come back,\" he said."
"The campaign was also unable to confirm that the man had been identified as the man who allegedly stabbed the woman in the head."
"In an interview with the Guardian, he said: \"I don't think there's a question of what it is."
"It's a tough game and it's a tough game to play but we're doing it and we're doing it well."
"We were all shocked, but we were a bit surprised when we saw that there was a lot of money in the area."
"\"I'm not sure if they're going to do it, but I'm going to try,\" he said."
"The French president, Hollande, is set to visit the US in the coming weeks, but the trip is unlikely to be a direct visit."
"He was told he would be suspended for two years if he did not attend the meeting, which was held in the Commons on Monday."
"The commission is due to vote on Thursday on a plan to ban all weapons and technology used in the production of chemical weapons."
"He said he didn't want to leave the country because he thought he could help the people of Aleppo."
"\"I would love to be able to make it in the future, but I'm not sure that's going to happen,\" she said."
"I don't think it's going to be easy for the club to get back in the Champions League and win a major title."
"\"I think it's a shame that the government didn't do a better job of it,\" she said."
"But if you look at the total number of people who have come to the UK, it's pretty close to 100, 000."
"I'm not sure I'll be able to do it, but I'm sure it'll be something I'll do."
"I had a little bit of a panic attack at the end of the season and I just wanted to get back on the pitch and get some rest."
"It's important to be able to say you have a good view of the world, and it's important to know what people are saying."
"They have been very clear that they are not going to be standing up to Russia and that they are not going to be supporting Donald Trump,\" he said."
"He said: \"I've been in the job for over 30 years and I have never seen anything like this."
"She said she was \"totally shocked \"by what she saw, but was pleased that she had been given the opportunity to speak to police."
"In other words, they're not going to be the best, but they're going to be the best."
"The British prime minister has said he will not seek re- election in 2020, and said he will not seek re- election in 2020."
"In a recent interview with the BBC, he said: \"It's not just about the money, it's about the people who live here."
"She told the court:'I was not the first person to come to this court and I had been there before."
"\"I'm not sure what's going to happen if I don't win the nomination,\" she said."
"\"I'm really happy with the results and I'm happy to be able to play and be able to give it my all,\" said the England captain."
"\"I don't want to say anything about the president- elect's behavior,\" he said."
"He is a great man and I am sure he will do everything he can to help us win the league."
"The Prime Minister's office said it was not aware of any other cases in which the Chancellor had made such a statement."
"The main thing is that we can't get too far ahead of ourselves in terms of what the next five years will bring, and what we can do."
"I am not going to get into the details of what happened but I think he was very upset and upset about that."
"\"I think we have to be more careful and think more carefully about what we're saying and what's going to happen in the future,\" he said."
"\"We have to do it in a way that is fair, that is fair to the people of the United States of America, and we have to do it in a way that is fair to the people of the United States,\" she said"
"The only way to go is to make sure that the people who are supposed to be in charge of this country are in charge of the people who are supposed to be in charge of the economy."
"He said that he had been told by the authorities that he was a terrorist and that he should be killed."
"It's a hard job, and you can't imagine how much it will take to get your life back on track."
"\"I'm a big fan of the show, but I don't think it's the right time for it,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 3. 3% annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace in more than a decade, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York."
"The result of the study was that the benefits of the program were reduced by a total of 40 percent, or $ 6. 7 million."
"\"It's not like a lot of people can afford to buy a house,\" he said in an interview."
"The judge said: \"You have to take into account the scale of the crime, the way the crime took place, the extent of the damage to the victim's reputation and the damage to the reputation of the victim's family."
"The two- year- old was in a stable condition at a local hospital, but was released on bail."
"I'm sure the fans will be looking at the results and the players will be looking at what they can improve on from last week."
"But I think it's a great opportunity for us to work together to make the best of this and help the team grow and grow."
"\"The moment you get into the position where you are comfortable with the game, you start to feel that you are ready to play,\" he said."
"The average age of women who take part in this year's Olympics is 18, compared with 16 in 2014."
"The couple had been planning to give birth in the town, but the couple's plans were cancelled after the couple's children died."
"The company said in a statement it was \"committed to the integrity of the process and the integrity of the vote,\" but that it was \"not aware of any allegations \"against the company."
"It is important to remember that in the short- term, the European Union is not an economic union, but an international union."
"The last time I saw them was on the last day of the season, so I'm not sure where they are now."
"I'm really looking forward to getting back to the top of the mountain and I'm excited to get back to the top again."
"If you're in the market for a new car, there's a lot of time to save and spend on a new car before you buy."
"The two men are scheduled to appear in court on Thursday and will be in court again on Friday for a detention hearing."
"And the fact that you're trying to protect the interests of the people who voted for you is a very, very dangerous thing."
"It is a reminder that there are plenty of other ways to get around in the UK and to get around the world."
"And the fact that we can't seem to get that done, it's really sad,\" she said."
"The main thing is to stay in the game, and we will try to get the best out of ourselves."
"The company said it had been working on the project for about a year and a half, but it had not yet received any funding."
"\"I've never seen him in this shape, and I've never seen him in this state of mind,\" he said."
"A lot of people have seen it, and I think it's going to be very interesting to watch."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that he's not going to be able to play in the NFL."
"\"If you have a good idea, you can get a job, but you have to do it at the same time,\" she says."
"In the three weeks since the attack, the number of people injured has risen to 17, including three children."
"It's not a case of \"I want to help people, but I don't want to make a difference,\" she said."
"It was a big challenge for me to get back to where I was at and I was very happy with the result."
"She said she was \"very disappointed \"that the court ruled in her favour, but said she was not going to be forced to stand in court."
"\"I don't think he's the best person to run a company,\" he said, adding that he had no plans to step down."
"The company's stock rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 30. 18 on Thursday, its biggest gain in a year."
"The incident, which took place in the early hours of Tuesday morning, was not reported to police and it is not clear whether the person responsible is still in custody."
"She said: \"I'm not sure if I'll be able to get out of here, but I've got to try to do the best I can."
"If you're a parent, you'll know that this will help you grow up and have the best time of your life."
"I'm sure they're going to be looking at the performance of their players, the game plan, their preparation, their preparation, their preparation to get the result they need to win."
"\"We are going to take on the government of the United States of America, and we are going to take on the Republicans in Congress,\" he said."
"In a sign of how much the company is willing to take on the Trump presidency, the Trump Foundation has donated $ 5 million to the foundation."
"A spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Police said: \"We are aware of a report of a man who was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"\"It was a great experience and I'm looking forward to getting back into the ring,\" he said."
"But I think I have a chance to do that, and I'm going to try to get back to where I was before."
"I've been saying for a long time that I want a woman president, and I'm not the only one."
"The latest figures show that the proportion of young people aged under 15 who are living with their parents has dropped from 23 per cent in 2014 to 12 per cent in 2015."
"If you're trying to make a point, there's no reason to be afraid of it."
"It's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal to me, because I'm going to be a good role model for my children."
"The plan is to have an \"economic impact assessment \"of the economic and financial impact of the project to be completed in 2018."
"I'm not sure if it was the right decision for me, but I'm sure that's what he was going to do."
"The 32- year- old had a stroke in the second half of the season but was able to play in the last game of the season."
"\"The process of the Australian people to get to the conclusion of a deal is now off the table,\" he said."
"It's not a good look for him, but I'm not going to lie: I love him."
"It was the first time I'd seen him in person since he'd been injured, but I thought it was worth a look."
"\"I am happy to have the opportunity to coach and be a part of it,\" he said."
"\"We're a big family, we're a family of seven, we have a lot of love, and we want to get married,\" she said."
"\"I've got to make sure that we're going to be able to have a conversation about what we're doing,\" she said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and the players and hopefully get to know each other a bit more."
"But the French government is not about to let the refugees go home, and is pushing for a much- needed change in the country's laws."
"The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment on whether it would hold a press conference Monday to discuss the story."
"\"I think the people who voted for him were really concerned about the future and the future of the country and the future of the world,\" she said."
"The researchers found that the most common type of exercise was standing, which was the most common exercise that women did at least once a week."
"\"I've been in the military for 30 years, and I've been told that I have to go through a military system,\" he said."
"I've been playing this position for a long time and I know that it's going to be difficult for me to get back into it."
"If you are a fan of the show, then you know it will be good, but it will also be a big show."
"She said: \"There was a time when I thought I was the best, but I've got to do what's best for me."
"It is understood that the officer was not aware of the incident at the time and that the woman had been in contact with the man."
"The majority of people in the study were women, with the proportion of women aged 45- 54 rising from 5 per cent to 7 per cent."
"\"The notion that we can't afford to get rid of them is not true,\" he said."
"\"I don't think we have enough people to do that,\" he said, adding that the United States would prefer to see more cooperation between the countries."
"I think it's important for the club to be able to continue to be a successful football club and to continue to be a successful football club and that we continue to build that relationship."
"The former secretary of state and senator from New York, who is also a senator from Vermont, has called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States."
"I think the club and the players are in a good place and they have been in a good place, they've done well and I think they will do well."
"The company has raised more than $ 2. 4 billion in funding from investors in recent years, but has struggled to raise money for the next four years."
"If you don't have a plan, you can't really plan for what you're going to do next."
"It is a great game for the club and it is a great opportunity for us to play against a really good team."
"\"I want to be able to do everything I can to help my team win,\" the Florida State coach said."
"It's not clear what the cause of the fire is, although it's believed to be caused by the gas."
"The first of two series that will be broadcast on BBC One Scotland will be a debate on the issue of abortion."
"The only way to get rid of them is to get rid of the Republicans in Congress who don't have the votes to do it."
"The only thing that's changed is the fact that I have got a new job that I can't wait to do."
"He said: \"If the government can't get a deal, we will not be able to afford a new car."
"The three- year- old girl's death has sparked a nationwide debate over the need to tackle violence against children."
"I'm not sure if I can go back to my old life, but I'm very happy for him."
"In the past, this has been a tough sell, but this is the first time it has been shown that the country can compete in this new generation of cars."
"\"I am not sure why we have not had the opportunity to take this case to the Supreme Court,\" she said."
"\"We've got a lot of work to do to get the right balance between the needs of the people and the needs of the state,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for people to know that the media has been very clear on this,\" he told The Times."
"The more you can do, the more likely you are to be able to get a mortgage, and the more likely you are to be able to get a car."
"We are now in a position where we have to make the decision whether to continue to do business with Russia or not."
"\"I'm not saying that the people who are doing this are doing it to get what they want, but they're doing it because they're feeling like they have to,\" he said."
"The club's president, Michael Edwards, said: \"We are delighted to have secured a deal for one of Scotland's top players."
"The FBI, however, said it was investigating whether the emails were Clinton's work email, not her private server."
"The United Nations says more than 200, 000 people have been killed since the civil war began in 2011."
"The measure would require the company to pay a fee of about $ 2. 5 billion annually for the first three years."
"It's a question that has been asked by the press and the public, and I think that's something that's important to me."
"The government has not said whether it will take action to stop the breach, which it said was \"not a breach of the law \"and that it was working to resolve the issue."
"\"I think we're in the best position we can be, and we're going to do it,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say what happened, but it was a really good performance by him, so we'll see."
"The incident came after a woman was injured in the street and a man was arrested after a fight broke out in a pub."
"And that was just the beginning of what was going on, and it was the beginning of the end of what we were doing."
"We have a long way to go before we have a national identity, but we can't ignore the fact that we are part of a global movement."
"But she said: \"We are very disappointed with the lack of progress and we are working with the police to find out how they can improve."
"\"I have been told that if you are not sure of your place, you can ask for a new passport,\" he said."
"The group said it had reached out to the British government to offer aid, but was told it would not be granted."
"\"If you're going to be honest, if you're going to be honest with the American people, you have to do a better job of it than Hillary Clinton,\" he said."
"The footage is believed to have been taken in the early hours of the morning on Saturday, and is believed to have been taken by someone else."
"And if you're in the business of making money, you're going to have to make a lot of money to get it."
"But if you're going to be able to get a lot of people to vote, you have to be able to get them to vote."
"\"We have a good deal, we have a good deal in the table and we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"In fact, he is even more than that, and I think we can all agree that he is an extraordinary man."
"We've been working together for a long time, and we have a lot of different ideas, but I think we're a team."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested by police in the early hours of Thursday morning."
"I'm going to make sure that we get the right team to win the game for us in the end and that we can get a win."
"The second part of the question is whether the economy is growing at the rate that is expected to be in the coming months."
"But he said he would not be putting himself in harm's way by backing Mr Corbyn or the Labour Party."
"It's a different way of playing, a different way of playing and we're looking forward to it."
"He's been a great friend, a great coach and a great guy, and I think he's got a great future ahead of him."
"I think the key is to give your players the best possible chance to play, to play in the best way possible and to make sure that they get the right opportunity to do that."
"I am so happy to be back and I'm looking forward to making a big impact for the club and the country."
"\"We have a lot of money to spend on infrastructure, we have a lot of money to spend on the military and the police, and we're going to spend that money on these things,\" she said."
"It's a very difficult time for us, but we have to take advantage of it."
"\"I have a lot of respect for him and I have a lot of respect for his family, but I have to say that I don't really know him,\" she said."
"The first was that the government had not done enough to address the issue, and that the government was trying to hide behind the rhetoric."
"The government's latest figures show that more than a third of people living with HIV in the UK are at risk."
"The committee is also looking to make sure that the courts don't allow the use of force by police officers."
"The U. S. economy added just 1. 3 percent in the third quarter, far below the 2. 1 percent growth rate recorded in the first quarter."
"\"I'm not going to say anything more than that, but we're going to try and get the job done,\" he said."
"But when you're at the top of your game, you're going to have to do a lot more than just go out there and do it."
"In the past, the number of people who reported being in a relationship at least once or twice a month has fallen from more than 50 million to just under 30 million."
"The problem is that a lot of the time, it's just not happening,\" she said."
"They want to be able to make a difference and they're doing that by taking a stand and being strong and being open to the public."
"They have the same opportunities to go to a team and play well, and we have to play well to win games."
"\"It's really about the people who have been here, who have been here for a long time, who have been here for a long time,\" he said."
"But he said the UK would \"absolutely \"accept \"its own membership of the EU if it were to leave."
"The average age for a woman to be married is now 46, and the average age for a man to be married is 57."
"The election of Donald Trump as the next president of the United States, he said, \"has been a disaster."
"I don't think there is a case for a party that is not fully engaged in the political process."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 3. 1 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter, according to the Labor Department."
"\"We will continue to work closely with the Chinese on the issue and will continue to work closely with the Chinese government on the issues of security, democracy, human rights and the environment,\" he said."
"The former Prime Minister was an early supporter of the EU's free movement of labour agreement, which was struck by the European Commission in March."
"The poll found that the majority of voters said they want to see the UK stay in the EU, with 66% saying they want to see the country leave and 42% saying they don't know."
"And then I've been in the team for six years and I've seen a lot of different things in the past year."
"The company has a $ 1. 8 billion market cap, a market share of more than 20%, and has already raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding."
"\"I've been in the same position for about 20 years,\" he said in an interview in March."
"The U. S. State Department has said the U. S. is not in a position to negotiate with the Chinese over a deal."
"The man's wife said the woman's husband had been shot and died in a nearby hospital, but the family didn't know what the cause of death was."
"He said: \"The fact that they are not the same as the people who are going to be there, that's a shame because it's not the people who are going to be there."
"In the first half of 2016, the proportion of the total population that is white has increased by almost one- fifth compared to the same period in 2015."
"I think the key to this is that we are not talking about the banks- we are talking about the people who are sitting in the Parliament."
"\"I think we're going to have to have a conversation about that,\" he said in a telephone interview."
"He's been in the stands for a long time and I think he's going to have a lot of people watching him."
"The first step is to come to a conclusion and then, if we can't do that, we'll come to a conclusion."
"It is also a big reason why the South Korean military has been involved in South Korean operations against North Korea for the last six years."
"But the problem with the idea that a child should be made to feel guilty for doing something that's not their fault is that it is a lie."
"The US has launched a new campaign of airstrikes in Syria, which the US says is targeting terrorists and backed by Russia, and has launched dozens of strikes in support of President Bashar al- Assad."
"\"It's a shame, because we've had a lot of good players in the past few years,\" he said."
"The other thing that's really important is to have a really good relationship with the people who work for you."
"\"There is a big gap between what you get from the government and what the people of New York pay for,\" he said."
"The fact that the government is trying to deny this to the public and to the press is a very serious matter."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say I was in love with her,\" she says."
"\"It's not just a matter of being the best player in the world, but also being a good player,\" he said."
"\"I think that's why I think that if you're a woman, you're going to have to be prepared to be a woman,\" she said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people in work in Scotland has fallen by more than 500, 000 since the start of the year."
"The other person who was in the car, I think, was a very nice guy, but I don't know why."
"\"I just don't know how to explain it,\" he says, \"because it's not like I'm talking to anyone."
"\"There's no doubt that it's a very important issue,\" she told reporters on Tuesday."
"\"It's going to be a big game, and it's going to be a big game, but it's going to be a big game,\" he said."
"I've always said that the goal is to win as many games as possible, so it's all about the preparation."
"The former president said the \"politically correct \"movement has been \"going on for years \"and that he is \"not surprised \"that the government has been slow to take action."
"I think it's important that we're in a position to look at the right areas, but I'm not sure that's going to happen."
"The company's shares rose more than 8 percent on Wednesday, the biggest gain in the last seven years."
"The game is set to be played on Saturday, and the players will be given the opportunity to take part in a selection."
"\"I would like to say a lot of things but I'm not going to say too much,\" he said."
"He said:'I don't think the way he is playing is the way he wants to play, but he's a good player."
"\"We have a lot of work to do in terms of what we do in terms of the balance of power,\" she said."
"The Canadian dollar has fallen sharply against the U. S. dollar as investors have argued that the U. S. government's decision to cut taxes on oil exports has helped boost the Canadian economy."
"A good way to look at it is that it's a matter of how the people who make the decisions on the basis of this can be able to manage it."
"In addition to the $ 2. 5 billion for the 2017 fiscal year, the state has provided $ 3. 5 billion in assistance for the state's public schools."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to do it,\" he said in an interview with the BBC."
"\"I have to say, I'm really happy with the way I played today,\" he said."
"\"We have to do it in an election where we have a clear path to victory,\" he told a rally in North Carolina."
"It's not like I'm not going to do this, it's just the last thing I'm thinking about."
"A senior security source said: \"They are the same people that have been involved in the planning of the Brussels attacks."
"The investigation was launched after a tip- off from a local resident who reported that his daughter had been attacked by a group of people."
"It's the same thing, but we've got to work together to try and get the best out of each other."
"We have to be really careful with our targets, and I think we have to be very careful about what we are doing to our targets."
"The first lady is a strong supporter of women, and she's the first woman to lead the United States Senate."
"The Treasury has already raised the prospect of a rate cut by 1. 5 per cent in the event of a Brexit, which is expected to be met by June's official Brexit date."
"\"I don't think I was ever going to be a better player,\" he said after the game."
"The amount of money we have to spend on health care, education, and social services is not enough to provide the kind of economic growth that we need."
"\"It's not just that we're losing money, it's that we're losing people,\" he said."
"The main reason for the increase was the fact that the number of people who have taken up alcohol was down by 12 per cent compared to 2014."
"The company is now looking to raise $ 2. 5 million in funding from investors, according to a company blog post."
"The report's authors say that while there are some risks, there is no evidence to suggest that the risks are too great."
"He said: \"I've been in the UK a long time and I've never seen anything like this."
"The company has also made changes to its online store that it said will make it easier for shoppers to buy and sell items."
"The last time the Rams were in Los Angeles was in 2011- 12 when they were 1- 8."
"\"We need to start talking about the children, the families, the children's children, and we need to start talking about the mental health of our children,\" she said."
"The British public are on edge about the EU, and they are not happy with the UK's decision."
"\"We can't just go to the local authorities and say we don't have a problem,\" said a member of the group."
"He was involved in a car accident and died in hospital after being rushed to a local hospital, where he was treated for minor injuries."
"I was told that the first thing I should do is to get out of the car and walk to the bathroom."
"The man is accused of shooting a police officer in the head during a traffic stop, but he is not the suspect himself."
"They're not going to be able to afford the higher costs of the higher education system that we have right now."
"The former prime minister said: \"We will be in a better position to deal with the crisis in Syria if we are in the EU."
"I know how important it is to do well in the game and I'm sure I'm going to do that."
"The company is hoping to sell shares to investors at a price of about $ 1. 50 a share, up from about $ 1. 25 a year ago."
"The death toll in the attack on the stadium, which was expected to be close to capacity, was 18, including six civilians and six security guards."
"The company said it had been on the radar of the US government for a number of years, but the US government has not indicated any interest in buying the company."
"The government's decision to delay the referendum is a huge blow to the Scottish National party, which has lost the election to the SNP."
"The new report also found that the proportion of people with mental health problems in Scotland increased from 15. 6 percent in 2014 to 16. 1 percent in 2015."
"\"I don't think it's right to throw people under the bus,\" he said in an interview."
"\"I just want to get back to playing, to do what I love, and I'm not going to be a part of that,\" he said."
"They also have to be willing to take on a bigger role in the leadership of the party and in the selection of its leaders."
"But if the world's biggest economies are going to be able to compete on a global scale, they need to look at the cost of doing business."
"The woman had been in a relationship with the man for about a year and had been dating for about a year, he said."
"\"I've never seen a person that is so focused on one thing and then it's not going anywhere,\" he said."
"They are already planning to change their name to the New Zealand Rugby League, which is in its second season."
"In the United States, the number of people who have been diagnosed with a mental illness has increased from 1. 3 million in 2001 to 1. 9 million in 2014."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said the woman had a \"long- term relationship \"with him."
"\"I think we're seeing the beginning of the end, the beginning of the end of what we've been calling the end of the American dream,\" he said."
"The next step is for the government to put in place an appropriate tax system to fund the next phase of the project."
"But he said he had no doubt that it would be a \"huge mistake \"if the UK left the EU."
"In a way, it's a relief because I'm able to see my own face, and I feel like I can help others."
"The research found that the most likely explanation for the increase in the number of women in the workforce was that it was because of a shift in the way women were viewed in the workplace."
"She said: \"I have been in the UK for four years and I have never seen anything like this."
"The league's chief executive, John Lewis, has said he will not comment on a player's contract until the club has completed its review of its players'contracts."
"A lot of people don't want to see me in a box with no food or water or anything."
"If we're going to be able to get our message across that we need to be focused on the long term, we need to be focused on the long term."
"In a statement, the company said: \"This was a difficult and challenging time for us and we are very sorry for the pain we have caused."
"\"We have a lot to do, and we need to do it,\" he said, adding that the U. S. will continue to work with other countries to improve its nuclear weapons."
"The world's biggest economies are on the same page, with the US and China on opposite sides of the global financial crisis."
"It is a great way to have a good time, it is a great way to have a good time, and it's a great way to have a good time at the same time."
"The French capital, which is home to about 1. 5 million people and has been the center of a global energy boom, is also home to a number of companies that have been granted tax breaks."
"The US is the only major country that doesn't have a national health insurance program, but that's changing."
"I've got a lot of good friends in the team, and I think that's where we'll go from here."
"In a sign of the times, the U. S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of a class action lawsuit in January that sought to block the move."
"I think it's important that we do this, because it's the only way we can get the best outcome for our patients."
"\"We have to be very careful in terms of our approach,\" he said, referring to the new tax, which will be introduced in March."
"It's a great opportunity to have a long term relationship and to have the chance to have a relationship with someone who is not only your best friend, but someone you have a great deal of respect for."
"It is understood the woman, who is in her 20s, was last seen by police on Tuesday evening, and that she had been missing for a short time."
"\"I think the whole point of this is to give people a better understanding of what's going on,\" she said."
"A judge in the US has ordered a woman to pay a $ 250 (\u00a3 200) fine after she posted a picture of herself as a woman on social media."
"The move is expected to result in a reduction in the number of people arriving in Greece by the end of March."
"The man, who is now in police custody, was arrested and charged with criminal damage to property, according to the report."
"The UK is set to join the EU after the UK votes to leave the EU, with the first official decision on the terms of Brexit expected to take place in June."
"The only thing I want to do is get back to my family and my work, and then I'll be back to work."
"The decision was taken by the Cabinet Office, which had been ordered by the Home Secretary, Theresa May."
"He said:'It's a really strange thing to do in the middle of the night, but I thought I was going to die."
"He said: \"We will not allow the government to deny the right of citizens to make their own decisions about the future of the country."
"\"I'm going to do everything I can, but I'm going to have to make sure that I'm making the most of it,\" he said."
"The public is angry, and we are angry that the president- elect has chosen to use executive actions to block Americans from getting health care, education, and other essential benefits."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people sleeping rough has dropped by more than 60 per cent since 2010."
"The deal has been in the pipeline for some time, but the French government has been pushing for it to be formally approved."
"It's very difficult for a man who has been with the club for over 20 years to change his mind."
"The UK will not be able to take advantage of the new powers given to it by the EU if it leaves the bloc."
"And that's why I'm going to continue to work with the American people to get the best deal for our country and the best deal for our country's future."
"The official said he had not seen the video, but that it had been filmed in the town of about 200 people."
"The average cost of a year of university is \u00a3 1, 000, so the average cost of a four- year university is \u00a3 1, 000."
"The inquiry, which is being led by Sir Michael, is due to report its findings on 7 April."
"The bank's profits, which have been on the decline since the financial crisis, are expected to decline in the third quarter."
"He said:'We are working to get the right information and we are looking into all the options available to us."
"\"I think it's a shame that the government is taking the lead in this,\" he said."
"We know that there are a number of people who are suffering from mental health problems, and we want to make sure that they are treated as such."
"The company is also planning a major expansion in the United States, with a plan to expand into the European Union and the Middle East."
"The reason for that is that the greater the number of people who are eligible to vote, the better the results will be."
"\"I'm not sure what it's going to be, but it's definitely something we are looking at,\" he said."
"But the reality is that the key to a successful race is the ability to win a few races and keep the momentum going."
"The first thing we need to do is get people to understand that they are entitled to be there."
"\"I've had a lot of people come to me and say they love me,\" he said."
"The party has been criticised for its failure to protect the environment, with some saying the party should have launched an environmental programme in 2015."
"In the last two years, there have been more than 50, 000 arrests, and about 30, 000 people have been detained."
"\"We want to see a world where the world is going to be more diverse and more open, where people are going to be able to get their ideas from anywhere,\" she said."
"The fact that we're in this position is a sign that the Republican Party is moving toward the Democratic Party."
"\"We're going to go into the playoffs and I'm going to tell you, we're going to win it,\" he said."
"It is estimated that 1. 1 million people have been killed in the conflict, and that many more are still missing."
"The Government is also expected to push for the UK to join the European Union in leaving the EU, as well as the single market."
"\"I'm a strong advocate for the arts, and I'm not going to sit here and say that's what I do,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee and I'm going to be the nominee,\" Trump said."
"The United States, Canada, South Korea and China have all said they will take part in the talks."
"\"I think it is important to understand that the United Nations is a body of international law, and the United States is a body of international law,\" he said."
"And I think that's what makes the sport so special, that people can come and watch it and see it as well, and that's what I want to do."
"The most common reason for this is that you have a long- term health condition, or that you have a chronic condition that has a long- term impact on your life."
"The decision to close the plant was made after the company's operations were taken over by the federal government."
"The result is that the only way to save the world's oil is to keep it in the ground."
"But the good news is that the country is beginning to show signs of recovery, and is growing at a healthy rate."
"The main reason for this is that a number of people in this country are not educated, and there is a huge gap between the working class and the rich."
"A spokesman for the Met Police said the force was aware of reports of a man being seen by a woman on the street."
"The company is also investing in its own research and development efforts, which have led to the creation of a research and development center in Beijing."
"He said: \"I think it's very important for the public to know that they are not just being told what they should or should not do."
"The U. S. military has been in the region for about a year and a half, and the U. S. forces have been in Iraq for about six months."
"The court heard he had been ordered to give up his job and leave his wife and three children, who he had been living with in the UK."
"The report says the government needs to make sure that the public can see the full picture of the damage caused by the Brexit vote, and the impact on jobs and the economy."
"\"We have been in contact with the local authorities and are appealing for anyone who may have seen the vehicle to come forward,\" he said."
"He said the company has been working on the system since last year, but that it's still in the early stages."
"If we can get a good deal, then it is good for the UK and good for the European Union."
"The State Department said it had not received any such emails from Clinton's account, and the State Department did not respond to a request for comment."
"And if you're not prepared to risk your life for a good cause, it can be very hard to make the most of it."
"The Department of Health is looking to find out what happened to the baby boy's parents, who were found dead in his bedroom."
"The city's mayor has been in the spotlight for his anti- immigrant stance, but has been unable to stop Trump from winning the White House."
"\"I think we've got to look at that and see what we can do to improve the game,\" he said."
"It is a chance for the public to take a look at the story behind this historic and highly controversial case and see how it has affected people's lives."
"\"I think it's a good idea to talk about it, but it's not going to be a game,\" he said."
"The new rules will also require all businesses to take a \"close look \"at their facilities and make sure they meet the standards."
"It is not clear how many of the dead are civilians, but some have been shot dead by the militants."
"\"It is the most dangerous place in the world and I'm sure it's not going to change any time soon,\" he said."
"\"I can't believe it, I'm so proud of him,\" she said, adding that she had no idea how many people were in the crowd."
"\"I can't imagine how anyone would feel if they were told that they would never be able to have children,\" she said."
"The poll found that only 22% of voters said they would support a Clinton presidency, while 41% said they would support a Trump presidency."
"\"I'm not going to say what's going on in the White House, but I'm sure the president is going to be talking to him,\" he said."
"A lot of people are saying that the government should do something about this, but we should be doing it in a very controlled way."
"We don't have to go through a whole lot of work to get there, but it's just a matter of getting there."
"In the past, the state has had a tough time, and the state is going through a period of economic growth, and it's getting worse."
"The government has been trying to get a deal on the UK's exit from the EU for years and has yet to get a deal on the terms of a deal."
"But it's important to note that the federal government has a responsibility to help the American people by ensuring that their elected representatives are not only elected, but that they are also elected."
"But the new system is not without its challenges, and in some cases it has been a struggle."
"The next step is to make sure that we get a strong and positive response from the community to this case."
"We've been on the same page for the last two years, and we've got a lot of work to do."
"But the whole point of the debate is that it was a choice between a two- state solution and a two- party system."
"He added that he was \"very concerned \"about the \"growing threat \"to the region's security following the UK's decision."
"\"I've been in the office for two years, and I've seen a lot of change in the last year,\" he said."
"I've been playing really well and I'm just hoping I can get back to that level and I'm looking forward to getting back to playing."
"\"I would like to thank all of the people who have supported us and who have helped us during this difficult time,\" he said."
"A lot of people are thinking that the main reason they're not getting the treatment is because they're too fat."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of waiting lists for people who are deemed to be eligible for free school meals."
"In the absence of a strong public debate, there is little evidence that the public will be ready to accept that a government is in a position to deliver the goods and services it claims to want."
"\"There is no question that we are going to be in the middle of the fight,\" he told reporters after a news conference."
"He said he has no intention of moving back to the UK, but would still be able to apply for asylum."
"But the police said the teenager was not in a serious condition and that he had not been injured in any of the attacks."
"It's not always easy to get a good deal, but it's the right thing to do and we're going to do it."
"The increase in the number of passengers on the trains was the biggest since last December, and the highest since July, the Met Office said."
"It was a pretty good one, and I think I got a lot of credit for that, because I was a little bit out of my element."
"The first step in making sure we're ready for the next one is to get the best possible weather."
"I'm going to give my life for the club and the country and I'll do everything I can to get the best out of myself."
"We are a very young team and we are not going to be able to have the same kind of success as we did in the past."
"He was a good player and he'll be a good player for us and I think we'll be a good team for a while, but we've got to play better."
"The FBI has also sent a letter to the state of Texas, asking the agency to investigate the case."
"The company has already been hit by a series of attacks in the past few weeks, including one in which a man was shot dead in a Paris restaurant."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, and we're not going to have any answers until we get some answers,\" he said."
"The latest report from the UK's financial watchdog found that the government's plans to introduce the death penalty were a failure to deliver on its promise to cut the death penalty."
"\"I am not going to comment on the details of the investigation,\" he said, adding that he would not comment on the details of the probe until the probe had concluded."
"\"There's no way to predict what that will be like, but I'm hopeful,\" he said."
"It's a little bit like being in a club where you have to be a little bit more prepared, because you are not in a club where everyone is in a good mood."
"She said: \"I've been in a relationship for a long time and I've never had a problem with someone."
"It's an important game and we want to play our best football and get points and get points against the best teams in the league."
"\"I think that the best thing that can happen is for people to get on the ground and see what's happening,\" he said."
"If you look at the media landscape in the United States, there's a lot more attention on Trump and Clinton than there was at the beginning of the campaign."
"But the company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 8. 27 on Wednesday, their biggest one- day gain in more than a decade."
"\"I have been in the business a long time and I have been in the business for a long time and I am very happy and proud of it,\" he said."
"But he says there is still much work to be done to address the problem and the Government is committed to working with industry."
"I would urge anyone who has information about this incident to come forward and speak to anyone who may have seen it."
"The American people, especially in the South, have a right to know what the facts are, and to make their own judgment."
"He said:'I was trying to get a picture of her but the police told me she was dead."
"It's a very important game and I'm not going to be focused on it, but I'm going to do what's best for me."
"If you have a big home or you have a big family, you can always go to a job interview, but it's not a guarantee."
"He said: \"The only thing I could think of is to make sure that he was not in the UK, that he was not in a foreign country, that he was not in the UK."
"The United Nations has called for an urgent meeting of the Security Council to discuss the situation in Syria."
"\"We've been working on this for a long time, and we're confident that the whole world can benefit from it,\" he said."
"The focus is on improving the quality of the NHS and on the NHS's ability to deliver better care, which is a key priority."
"If you're like me, you want to play at a high level and you want to do well and you want to be in the best shape possible."
"And it's not just the people who are suffering, it's the people who are struggling to get by and are not getting enough food or shelter."
"A spokeswoman for the governor said that the governor was \"very concerned \"about the \"large number of children \"who were missing."
"\"I've always been a big fan of the New Year's Eve tradition, so I'm going to be doing a little bit more of it,\" he said."
"\"I've been in a lot of situations, and you can't predict what's going to happen,\" she says."
"If you don't have a plan, you have to be ready to take the risk, and that's what I did."
"I had a lot of opportunities to play, but I just didn't get a lot of opportunities to play, and I was just disappointed."
"The government's budget deficit for the year ended December 2015 was $ 1. 6 billion, down from $ 2. 8 billion in the previous year."
"I have a lot of friends who are in the same boat, but I'm not one of them."
"I've had a lot of time to think about that, and I've got to make sure I'm not doing it again."
"The company also said it will seek to increase its production of mobile devices and other products from the U. S. to meet demand."
"The alleged victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said she had been sexually assaulted by the same man, who she said was drunk."
"She added that she was \"confident \"of making the cut in the next few weeks and said she was \"very excited \"about the prospect of being part of the team."
"It is a good thing that people are looking for the best possible deal for them and their families, but it is not enough."
"The man was then taken to hospital where he died, the court heard, and the court heard he had been in a relationship with the woman for several years."
"The United States, the EU, and Russia are the only countries to have publicly acknowledged the existence of the Russian hacking."
"\"We've had a lot of conversations with the clubs, but there is no agreement on what we can do,\" he told the club website."
"\"I think the whole world is watching what he's doing, and I think we're going to see some great things,\" he said."
"\"I would like to think that the people who are in charge are trying to get things done,\" she said."
"The Chancellor will also discuss the impact of Brexit on the NHS, as well as the impact of Brexit on the NHS budget and the care budget."
"But the main reason I was there was because I had the chance to talk to her about her life and the things she was going through."
"\"I'm just so proud that I'm going to be able to go out and play and do my job,\" he said."
"The last time we had an agreement was in December 2012 and I think it is going to be a very good agreement."
"The fact that the report is based on so little data does not mean that the government's assessment of the impact of the program is wrong."
"It's the same with any business, but the difference is that the people who make decisions are making decisions for the benefit of the business."
"\"The world is changing and it's a time to be a better person, a better person,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to say this, because if you're going to have a good relationship, you have to have a good relationship with people,\" she said."
"I've been in the same situation for two years, and I'm still dealing with it."
"The new study, which was published in the American Journal of Public Health, shows that older adults have a greater risk of developing heart disease."
"The idea of a \"new \"China is to see China as a \"new \"China, a new China, one that will have a real influence on the world."
"\"We are talking about a country that has been ruled by a very strong military for a very long time,\" he said."
"\"It's a real problem for the economy and it's a real problem for the public,\" he said."
"The couple's three children have been left with severe injuries, including one who is now in a critical condition, the court heard."
"I was there for a week, I was there for three months, I was there for a year, and it was the first time I was actually able to go to a movie."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say we've lost the war,\" he said."
"I am so proud of the fact that I am a woman and a woman of color, and I want to be a part of that."
"\"We have a very strong squad and it will take time to get the right players for the right positions,\" he said."
"I'm going to be playing with a lot of confidence and a lot of experience and a lot of confidence that we can go out there and make plays."
"The president- elect has been asked about the issue by the president- elect's son- in- law and other advisers."
"We're going to work hard to make sure we make the best decision for the players and the club and that's the way it should be."
"The former secretary of state will also be in the running to become the next US president, though her campaign has yet to announce any of her plans."
"\"We can't just give up on the EU because it's too big,\" he said."
"But if you're a woman and you're having a baby, you're going to have to make some choices about your body."
"The plan was to launch it in the first quarter of 2016, but it's unclear when the company will be able to do so."
"I'm going to be doing everything I can to make sure that we're on top of it, and I think we're on top of it."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a player that can be in the mix, but it's not the only thing,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity to try to help people understand what's going on, and to learn from what they're seeing,\" he said."
"He said he had been in contact with the family of a man who died in a police raid at his home in the city."
"\"I would not have been able to do that if I had not been working with the police,\" he said."
"It's a lot of money to pay for a car, but you can't afford to pay for the bus or the train."
"I'm not sure how much of that is due to the fact that the country is now a very, very different place to where it was then."
"\"I just thought it would be a good idea to have a bit of fun and to make it a bit different,\" he said."
"It was the first time he had played for the team and he's a big- time player and we're going to be very happy with him."
"\"The biggest thing for us is that we have a lot of players that can play,\" he said."
"The official said he believed the fire was caused by a single fire and that it was likely the cause of the explosion."
"The court heard that Mr Allen had been trying to leave the country since being released on bail on Tuesday."
"\"If we don't get the right kind of jobs, we're going to have to start looking for new jobs,\" he said."
"I have been very clear that I don't want to leave the European Union, I don't want to leave the European Union, and I will not be leaving the European Union."
"And I think we have to make sure that we do everything we can to make sure that people are aware of this."
"But I think we've been successful in the last couple of weeks and we've been able to put some good performances on the board."
"The United Nations said on Wednesday that more than 100 people had been killed in the fighting, and it was unclear how many more had been wounded."
"The report also found that a third of parents in the UK are not aware of the impact of their child's behaviour on their children."
"\"I would be happy to sit down with the president- elect and have some discussions about what he's doing,\" he said."
"The couple's first date was a surprise, as they both wanted to see each other in person."
"The agency said the girl's mother had been \"very upset \"and she had asked to be taken to a hospital for treatment, and the boy's father had also been arrested."
"The poll of 1, 000 people, conducted by the Guardian newspaper, shows that only 42% of people say they are likely to vote for Brexit."
"Theresa May's government has announced plans to ban all foreign visitors from Britain from using the internet for at least five years."
"It's not that they're not great, it's that they're not great, but they're just not good enough to be good enough to be in the top 10."
"\"It's not like we have a situation where we are a minority in the country,\" he said."
"He said: \"I have been told that I am eligible for a passport for this purpose but I am not."
"But, if the government were to do that, it would mean that a lot of people would be coming to the country."
"We have been clear that we will not be seeking to change the way in which we operate or the type of services that we offer to our customers."
"They are now in the process of developing a new model of food- based cooking that is much more efficient and easier to use."
"It's hard to imagine what the next president of the United States will do with a billion dollars."
"A spokesman for the Department for Education said: \"We are pleased that the government has agreed to invest in our schools."
"I think it's a very, very difficult decision to make, but it's a decision I'm making at the end of the season."
"He has been involved in the political process for decades, he has been a leader in the community and he has worked to build a community of people who are willing to stand up and fight for what they believe in."
"And if you want to win the world championship, you need to get the best players in the world and that's what we have to do."
"I know that he's very, very excited about the opportunity to be here and I'm sure he'll be very excited to be here."
"The number of people who say they are homeless is up by more than 50% since the start of the year, according to the survey."
"But that's not to say the government is not doing its job, and the government's job is to make sure that people are being supported."
"\"The fact is that we are still in the early stages of the process of bringing the process of a new constitution to a vote,\" he said."
"In a statement on Friday, a spokesman said: \"The Scottish Government is committed to taking Scotland's energy and climate policies forward."
"If you're not sure about what you're doing, try to figure out what you're doing by looking at the pictures."
"He said the victims were all in their 20s, and they were all black, but they had all come from the same area."
"But it is also the case that a small number of people will be in the position to be able to run the business."
"The British government has given its backing to the idea, which it says is in the best interests of the country."
"\"I was worried that the story would be too long, but I felt like it was a good idea,\" he said."
"\"I am sure it will be a very hard game, but I don't think we will have a bad game,\" he said."
"He said: \"We will be doing what we can to help those who need it most, but we will be doing that in a very limited way."
"\"It's just one of those things where it's a little bit more important than it is in the traditional sense,\" he said."
"I'm not going to lie, I wasn't too happy with the way we played."
"If you are an investor, and you invest in companies, and you have a certain amount of money, and you have a certain amount of money, and you have a certain amount of money, and you have a certain amount of money,"
"The company's revenue rose 8. 5 per cent to $ 6. 25 billion in the three months to September."
"A spokesman for the charity said it was disappointed that a number of children had been killed in the attack, but that it had received no official response from the government."
"It's like a woman who has been in the business for 25 years, and has never had a problem."
"I've done a lot of good things over the years, but I feel like this is the right time to do it."
"\"There is no way that I can be in the position of having to go back and put the campaign on hold,\" he said."
"But he has said that he will not be able to provide a full accounting of the costs of the project, which is expected to cost more than $ 1. 5 billion."
"The same is true of the UK's relationship with the EU, with the UK's relationship with the EU being very different to the UK's."
"I think it's the first time I've had that conversation with anyone about the Democratic Party."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the business of being there for the community and it's a great community,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been arrested for being in the country illegally has risen to an unprecedented 19. 7 million."
"We are really disappointed, it is a massive loss to the team and our fans, and we are going to be looking for answers about the players."
"He also says that the Obama administration has been making progress in the area of international law and human rights."
"\"I know that's a lot of people who are not familiar with the science of climate change, but I also know that it's really important to get the science out there,\" he told Reuters Health."
"\"I think the people who have been doing it for a long time know how to do it,\" he said."
"The pair were arrested on Tuesday after a police officer who was on the ground floor of the house saw them and was able to speak to them."
"The new study, which looked at the data from 2011 to 2013, found that more than one in five adults in the U. S. was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in the year after their birth."
"If we're going to get a deal, we need to make sure that the people who are going to be negotiating with us have the best interests of the United Kingdom at heart."
"\"I am proud to be a part of the future of this great country,\" he said in a statement."
"I would have loved to have had a chance to play in the first team but that's not the case now."
"It is a great honour to be the first Scottish champion to win the World Cup, and it is also a great honour to be the first Scottish woman to win a World Cup."
"If you're going to be a leader in this country, you have to have the leadership to lead the country."
"The only thing that makes me feel like I've been doing this for so long is that I've been doing this for so many years."
"It's important to note that the prices of a variety of items are subject to change without notice."
"The pair have been married for more than a decade and have two children, aged nine and 10."
"We're going to go on and win the league, and we're going to be successful in the league, but I think we're going to have to be very careful about what we say."
"The U. S. Department of Health and Human Services said last week that it would provide $ 1. 5 million in assistance for Zika- affected areas."
"He said: \"I was talking to a friend in a pub and he said there was a bomb in the pub."
"It's a very different world now, and you have to work very hard to make sure you get that experience."
"He said the new system will be used by the council to support the development of a new community centre."
"I'm not sure what the point is of saying this, but I do think that what we have done is very, very good."
"They're the ones who have to do it for the first time in their lives, and they're the ones who need to be prepared for the challenges of the future."
"But they say they have a good idea of what the next steps are and they plan to continue to push forward."
"\"I don't think we can take it back,\" he said, adding that he would like to see more of the same."
"But it's not so much that the two are not in the same boat as the rest of the group- it's that the two are both in a race to the bottom."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'll be going back for a few more years."
"But the difference in the United States is that the two countries are also the only two countries that have a currency that is not backed by the dollar."
"The company's stock rose 1. 5 percent to $ 33. 60 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than two years."
"\"I am not surprised that some people who are not part of the party think that I am not a good leader,\" he said."
"\"I would say we're not going to be able to find a solution,\" he said, referring to a number of different proposals."
"The woman, who was in her 20s, was taken to the Royal Adelaide Hospital in a critical condition, according to the statement."
"If you're trying to get a job, you're probably not going to be able to get it in the first place."
"\"If you want to have a good time, you have to be prepared to play the game,\" he said."
"\"We're very grateful to the people of Flint, to the people of Flint, to all of the people who voted for me,\" she said."
"The company, which has been in talks with the government for more than a year, has said it would give away 10 per cent of its shares to the government."
"The first question is: why did you do this to him? he asked the woman."
"I know that the boys have a lot of respect for me, and I don't want to get too carried away with that."
"The latest study shows that people who are less physically active are more likely to be pregnant, having a heart attack or having a stroke."
"The findings also raise questions about how the results of the current study are likely to be used to predict how the Zika virus will spread."
"It's not going to be a great day for the team, but we are still going to be working hard."
"\"The most important thing is to be a positive influence for the team, because I'm always there for them,\" he said."
"The president- elect's team also said it was \"very disappointed \"that the FBI did not act faster."
"I've always wanted to be a scientist, but now I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to do it."
"I think the situation is a bit more complicated than that, but I think we have a good chance to win it."
"But, as we have said before, we have been in the business for a long time and we know how to deliver."
"He said he had been on a \"very, very, very hard road \"to recovery, but his family had been \"very, very lucky \"in his recovery."
"She said: \"I think it's important that we do our research and look at the evidence before we make any decision about whether or not to do it."
"A couple of weeks ago, the company's share price was up about 40 per cent to $ 1. 45."
"The Reserve Bank of Australia's rate cut is likely to be announced on Friday, but the Bank of England will likely give the green light to a rate cut in the near term."
"\"The way I see it is that we need to do a better job of making sure that the kids are safe,\" she said."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm excited for the future and I'm excited for the future of the team."
"The issue of the Syrian regime's role in the conflict is a subject that has been central to the presidential campaign of Donald Trump."
"It is not clear if the person's name is the same as the person's phone number or if they have the same address."
"He said he had no idea what was happening, but was struck by what he saw on the screen."
"It's not about the money, it's about what you're able to do with your life."
"But in the end, he did not have to say what the plan was, because he had already agreed to the deal."
"He has been involved in the club for more than a decade and is well respected and respected in the squad."
"In the two years that followed, the number of people who had been killed in airstrikes increased from 9, 500 to 13, 500."
"\"We want to make sure that every single child has the opportunity to go to school,\" she said."
"\"I think we need to put a lot of thought into what we're doing and what the players are doing, and we have to do that,\" he said."
"The Rams, who have lost three of their last four games, are in their third straight division title game."
"I think we have a lot of good players in the team who can play in the Premier League, but we have to try to stay in it."
"The increase was so huge that it was only going to get worse, but it is not going to get worse any time soon."
"We had a big game against the Warriors and they were a really good team and we had a great game against them."
"But, as the report noted, \"the rate of hospital visits for breast cancer in the United States is still well below the average of the 30 countries studied."
"\"I have been doing this for a long time and I am happy that I am getting to this level,\" he said."
"\"We are very happy with the results, we are very pleased with the performance, but we still have to look at the other aspects of the game,\" he said."
"The team is now looking to make a comeback, which is the most important thing for them, but they have to win some games."
"\"There is a lot of money at stake in this election, and I'm not going to make the mistake of saying that,\" he said."
"The report said that the government had failed to properly investigate the issue and that there was no evidence that it had done so."
"The more you are told, the more you realise that the first thing you do is to get your head around the idea that you have a problem with something."
"The last time the pair were in the room together was in 2014, when they had a brief conversation about politics."
"We are trying to find out more about the circumstances of the incident and if it is a crime, what is the appropriate punishment for it."
"\"I've been working on it for a while now and it's been a real hit,\" he said."
"I don't think I've ever been in a position where I've been in a position where I was saying I'm not going to be president."
"The US presidential candidate will be travelling to Africa this week for a trip to the continent to meet leaders of the African continent."
"But as the U. S. economy continues to slow, China is finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the pace of growth."
"The FBI's new strategy calls for more aggressive screening of online threats to help protect the nation's borders."
"\"We're going to take a look at that and see if we can find a solution,\" he said."
"The company said it is expanding its service and will continue to work with law enforcement to help identify the suspects."
"It's not that I don't care about the game, it's just that I've got to get better."
"\"It's not a good look for the White House because I'm going to have to step down,\" Trump said in a video posted to his Twitter account."
"\"We want to get the best possible deal for the UK, but we are not going to sit back and say that we will get it for the UK,\" he said."
"I'd like to think I can win this race, but I'm not going to let that stop me."
"The game's most controversial moment came during the first quarter when the Giants were up by 13 with four minutes to go."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"that the bank had not been given the opportunity to examine the matter."
"The SNP leader has insisted the UK is a country where everyone is equal, and that the UK is better off without the EU."
"\"I'm not going to say anything, but I think the whole world knows this,\" he said."
"A lot of the time it's a good thing that we're able to get the money back."
"He said he was told by the manager that the club was not interested in having him go to the same club as him."
"The agency's website states that the new service will be available in the first half of next year."
"The EU will be ready to take any proposal on the future of the UK's membership of the bloc into account when it leaves the bloc."
"I don't think that's the case, but I think it's a good thing to have a conversation about it."
"It was a big decision for him to make, but he's the first one who has done it."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a knife and was taken to a nearby hospital."
"The spokesman said: \"The Labour Party has always supported a strong national economic policy and a strong national defence policy."
"But they also know that they are the ones who are going to be the ones who get to be the best players in the world."
"\"I just want to be able to say that I've got a job to do and I want to make a difference in the world,\" he said."
"I don't know if I will be able to do it, but I'll be able to do it."
"The second part of the story is that the government is trying to make a lot of money, but it is not really a good way to make money."
"In the last few years, I've been trying to get my feet under me and try to play the game the right way."
"\"The fact that we can do this in this country shows that we can do this in every other country in the world,\" he added."
"\"The greatest fear for the American people is that Donald Trump is going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"In fact, the US economy has grown by more than 3% in the past five years, and is expected to grow by at least 3. 4% this year, according to the latest Federal Reserve report."
"The people of Wales have voted to leave the European Union in a referendum that is being held in the UK and is expected to be held in the spring."
"It is a team that has been the best team in the league for the last three weeks and we have to be happy with that."
"And, I think, as we move forward, we're going to have to be very careful with our use of force."
"In a statement, the US military said: \"We are deeply concerned about the recent attack on our forces in Iraq."
"It's not the same as a victory, but it's a win, and we've got to make sure we take it."
"They're very good at the ball and they're good at their finishing and I think they're going to be able to do that."
"\"We're going to be spending a lot of money on our infrastructure, and that's going to be a big part of it,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the spotlight, but I'm not sure that's a bad idea."
"\"It was a very difficult decision to make, but I'm very proud of the people that voted for me,\" she said."
"He said:'We have a very good relationship and we are both very keen to see the world in a better way."
"\"I'm not sure how long he's been here, but he's been here for 10 years,\" he said."
"The reality is that the idea of the UK being a \"single market \"has been around for a long time."
"The only thing that I can say is that I was really impressed by the guys and the quality of the players that were there."
"The research found the average number of hours worked in the week fell from 9. 6 hours to 7. 9 hours, and the average hours of work went from 12. 8 hours to 11. 8 hours."
"\"We're going to have to get a lot more of them,\" he said, referring to the tens of thousands of refugees he said he had received."
"The prime minister has been criticised for not doing enough to take in the refugees, some of whom are now living in the camp."
"We are very proud of our work and our commitment to the Scottish economy, which is why we are working with partners to make sure that the Scottish economy is sustainable."
"\"We are confident that the data will provide a clear picture of the risk of Zika virus infection in the United States,\" the agency said in a statement."
"\"I want to be able to do everything I can to help, but I don't know how I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The first of its kind, the study found, was a $ 1. 3- million- a- year tax cut on the top 0. 1 percent."
"The U. S. government is trying to get the European Union to allow the use of U. S. military forces in Libya to support the government of the new government in Libya."
"We are very aware of the fact that there are people who have been doing this for some time who have been in the public eye for a number of years."
"The two men, who were arrested on suspicion of murder, are now in police custody, but have not been formally charged."
"\"I'm just trying to be the best I can be,\" he said, adding that the decision to leave the EU was \"a decision I took very, very quickly \"to make."
"The announcement comes after a week of speculation about the future of the Premier League, with speculation that the club could move to the south of England."
"\"I think that the most important thing for the American people is to get this guy out of jail,\" Trump said."
"The study found that in the last decade, the number of people living in poverty has grown by more than 40 per cent."
"A lot of people are coming out to support the Labour Party, and I think that's the reason why they're coming out."
"But it was a new day, and the news of the death of the man who had been his best friend had come out."
"I am not sure that it is the right thing to do, but I am sure that if I am the one to do it, I will do it."
"The prime minister's office said it would take a \"long, hard look \"at the review, and that it was \"committed to making sure that the UK remains in the single market,\" as it said."
"The U. S. military said in a statement that the aircraft had been in the area for about two hours and that it was not immediately clear whether the plane had been involved in the fighting."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the whole of the country to have that kind of information and to have it in the hands of the government,\" he said."
"\"The bottom line is that this is a great opportunity for us to work together to bring about a change in the world,\" he said."
"The research team found that the number of women in senior roles in the service sector rose by a quarter in the past 12 months."
"But in the UK, there are a few different ways to measure the health of a person, and this one is especially useful for people who are not well."
"The SNP will be campaigning to retain the UK as a member of the EU and make Scotland the first UK state to retain free movement of people."
"We have to start with the fact that we have a number of people who are not in the UK, and they're still here."
"It's not always easy to get a job but I always try to do my best, to work hard and to do what I can to help the team win."
"It's hard for me to see how we can do anything other than make the game better, and that's what's happening."
"But the fact that he is running for president in the first place is not a sign that he is serious about the things he wants to do."
"But when I told her that I was going to be there, she was so excited that I'd seen her."
"The government's goal is to make it easier for people to get into the labour market, which is why it has introduced a new minimum age."
"And in a way, I'm not sure I can be more positive about that than I have been in the past."
"\"I think that the most important thing is to have a good relationship with the players,\" he said."
"\"We've been doing a lot of research, but I don't know if it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The man was rushed to hospital where he died, and the woman was taken to hospital in critical condition."
"The health minister said the government was committed to ensuring that people with mental health issues would have the support and support of their doctors."
"The new system will be rolled out in England and Wales, which are all in the process of developing their own systems."
"In fact, he has been one of the most successful athletes in history and has been able to do it for a long time."
"A source told The Independent: \"He has been told he will not be allowed to leave the country until the next UK government takes control of the EU."
"\"It's important to remember that the numbers of people who have died in the last year are not the same as the number of people who have died in the last year,\" he said."
"He was told by his father that the family would not be able to pay for his funeral, so he had to pay for it himself."
"The pair were spotted in the Mediterranean Sea on Thursday, having spent two days together, and are understood to have been on a boat to Italy."
"She is the first woman to win the Academy Award for her performance in the musical, which was nominated for seven different plays."
"It's not that he was a bad player, he was a good player, but it was a mistake."
"The EU has been criticised for its failure to take in more than a million asylum seekers since the start of the year."
"The news comes after Mr Trump's campaign manager, Paul Manafort, resigned in the wake of the damaging emails."
"\"I don't know if he's aware of the fact that he's running for president, but he's running for president,\" he said."
"It's not clear how many of those who have been killed will be buried, but several thousand have been buried in the past."
"The man was arrested after he allegedly pulled out a gun and fired at police as they were trying to arrest him."
"The United States and Russia, for their part, have been working together to defeat Islamic State, which is fighting in Syria and Iraq."
"The country's GDP growth rate has been steady at 0. 8 per cent, and has been below the Fed's 2. 0 per cent target for the past three years."
"\"I've been working hard in my career to try and get better, but it's been hard,\" he said."
"If the car is too big, it will be too small- if it is too small, it will be too hard to drive."
"It's not the first time he's been asked to play a full- back role in the Premier League."
"I had to take some time to get used to the way I was playing, so I just thought I'd try to keep it a secret."
"And the third is that the court is not considering whether the government has the burden of proof to prove that the person was acting in self- defense."
"\"If you don't want to be an ambassador, I'm not going to be in your cabinet,\" he said."
"It is the first time the European Union has imposed sanctions on Iran since the start of the year, and it comes after a series of nuclear tests."
"The only thing I want to do is to take it to the next level and to get better as a player."
"He said:'I thought it was a really nice place to go but it's not so nice when you're in the middle of a war."
"A major reason is that they have a very strong political presence in this country, and that is the only way to have a stable political system."
"I'm still going to be a young woman, I'm still going to be a young woman- I'm not going to be a young woman of color."
"\"I've been in a lot of movies and I'm just trying to get to the next step,\" he said."
"\"We have been doing this for a long time, and we've seen the benefits,\" he said."
"\"I think he has a good chance to win, but I'm not sure he can do that,\" the former Maryland governor said."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to keep the cost of housing a low, and to give the poor more of the benefits of a higher standard of living."
"I think it's a matter of time before we see a real, real change in how we work, or how we live our lives."
"\"I think that the best way to understand the reason for that is to look at the past,\" he said."
"We are not going to get into the details of what the ultimate price will be, but it's a good place to start."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 10 percent since the start of the year and is down more than 10 percent in the last three months."
"It is not clear whether the two men, who were not identified, were arrested or arrested in connection with the death."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was nervous about it, but I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"But the company said it would be able to offer services through its own website and that it had not received any complaints about the practice."
"The video was taken on the day of her death, when she was just five months pregnant with her first child."
"\"The best thing that can happen to you is to let the world know that you are not alone,\" the 31- year- old told the Guardian."
"The findings were based on a survey of more than 1, 000 adults who took part in the survey."
"\"It's something I've always wanted to do, but I'm not sure I'm ready for it,\" he said."
"The government will also need to bring in new powers to protect the environment and the environment is a national priority."
"The minister also said he would try to get a vote of confidence in the government in the next parliament."
"And that's why I think it's important that we do everything we can to make sure that we have a strong, safe and secure border."
"It is understood that the couple were found guilty of the murder but there was no evidence to support the charges."
"I think it's a great thing to have, because if you don't have that, you're not going to get a chance to play."
"If you're not a fan of the show, you can still watch it online, but you'll need an Apple TV to do that."
"\"I think we have to look at the issue of the good in this country,\" Trump said during a news conference at the White House."
"\"I'm not going to get involved in the politics of it, but I want to get on with the job of running the country,\" she said."
"A lot of people have been trying to get their heads around it, but it's a really small sample size, and it's a really small sample size."
"\"I think the most important thing is to get the job done and to get the message out there,\" he said."
"The 18- year- old has been on the bench for the past three matches and has scored six goals in his past six games."
"\"The fact that the United States has not been involved in any of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, is not surprising,\" he said."
"The first step is to ask the people who will vote on whether to hold a referendum to decide whether Britain should remain in the European Union."
"But in the UK, we have a new law that allows us to do that, and I think it's going to be a very good thing for the economy."
"\"We are going to be in a position to decide on the basis of the evidence,\" he added."
"The NHS is set to be hit by a huge cut to funding for the NHS in England next year- with cuts to 2. 3 million services."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I've been very impressed with how well he's played,\" he said."
"The Republican presidential nominee also has a strong showing in Iowa, where he has more than 20, 000 votes in the primary contest."
"But I think we are at a point where we are able to do that and we have to do that with a lot of the people."
"\"I think it was a good thing for the United States to have the ability to do it,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if I'll ever be able to walk again, but I'll be able to go back to school,\" he said."
"\"The only way I could get a job in the industry is if I could get a job in the entertainment business,\" he said."
"It was the first time a woman had ever been nominated for an Oscar for a film, and she had been nominated for nine times in her career."
"In the same way, it is important to understand that the US and UK are the only countries that have the ability to do so."
"It's not easy to do when you've got a lot of money to spend, but I'm not going to let that stop me."
"In the end, I decided to go for the one- day trip, and I'm pretty sure I will do it again."
"\"It's just a matter of time before we see a change,\" he said, adding that the company was working to make it easier for customers to switch to the new software."
"The United States, which has been a member of the coalition since the beginning, has also been involved in fighting the Islamic State."
"The campaign also has a new TV ad, which features Trump's wife, who is also featured in the video."
"The former mayor of New York City, the first black mayor of a major U. S. city, and the first black U. S. senator from New York."
"He said: \"I'm delighted that we have won this competition, I think it's the best way to do it."
"\"The only thing that I can think about is that I'm not going to have a baby,\" she says."
"It's very important to me that the boys understand that this is a club that is going to be very important for us."
