"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do what I can,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"with the decision and would appeal the decision, which was made in October."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent on Friday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The fact that we have a president who has been in office for eight years and is in the White House for eight years is a very, very, very strange thing."
"The company's shares are down more than 20 percent in the last trading session after the company said it would cut its workforce."
"The company said it was \"closely monitoring \"the situation and would take action if necessary."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is available to our customers \"and that it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is available to our customers \"and that it is committed to ensuring"
"The company said it would not be able to provide a full accounting of the sale, but said it had been working with the city on the project."
"The former secretary of state, who has been a vocal supporter of the military, said she was \"very concerned \"about the potential impact of the new rules."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and is down about 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the reaction,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to provide the service to more than 100, 000 customers in the UK by the end of the year."
"The government is expected to announce a new scheme to help people who are homeless or in need of help, which will be rolled out across the country."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell its stake in the company, which is based in London, but the talks have been delayed."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 1 billion in funding from investors in the last three years, with a further $ 1. 2 billion from investors in the last two years."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the cuts on the economy, particularly in the mining sector."
"The new rules, which were announced on Wednesday, will be rolled out across the country, including the District of Columbia."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we have a woman president,\" she said."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer experience and that it was working to improve the customer experience of its customers."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it in the first place."
"The company said it had been working on the project for about a year and was working on it for about a month."
"The government has also said it will introduce a new law that will make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell its stake in the company, but that it would not be able to do so."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, which has been working on the project for more than a year."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"vote in the referendum, but has not yet announced a date for the vote."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department and other federal authorities to determine the cause of the fire."
"\"I'm not saying that I don't like the way the game is played, but I don't think it's the way it should be,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion investment in the company's stock."
"The company has also said it is working on a new product that will allow users to share their photos with friends and family."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get him to come back and have a blood test."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent to $ 35. 20 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors in 2014 and 2015, and that it was investing $ 3 billion in the next three years."
"The former secretary of state and first lady, who is also a senator from New York, has been a vocal supporter of the president- elect."
"The company said it was \"fully committed to the UK's position as a global leader in the digital economy \"and that it would continue to work with the government."
"\"We are very happy to be able to bring the team back to the top of the table and we are very proud of the players we have here,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state has been a strong supporter of the U. S. in the fight against Islamic State, which has claimed the territory of Iraq and Syria."
"The company said it expects to make about $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the second half of this year."
"The U. S. has been the world's most successful country in the fight against terrorism, with a total of more than 1, 000 U. S. troops."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of tobacco and other products to help tackle the problem."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife, and I was so happy that she was OK."
"\"I think we have to be very careful with the amount of money we spend on things that are not necessarily going to help the economy,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 0. 4 percent at $ 13. 30 on Wednesday after the announcement."
"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get out of the house, but I'm not going to be able to get out of the house."
"The two men, who were arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning, were released on bail, but have not yet been charged."
"\"I don't think I've ever been in a situation where I was going to be in the position where I was going to be,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea for the government to look at the whole picture,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was found dead in her home on the same day, and her body was found on the same day."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past 12 months, and that it expects to raise $ 3. 5 billion in the next three years."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer service, which had been poor."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but that the talks had not been successful."
"The report said the number of people who had been in the UK for more than six months had increased by more than a third."
"\"I'm not going to go to the White House and say I'm going to do it for you,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said it was aware of the incident and that the U. S. government would provide assistance to the authorities."
"The company said it had been working on a new system for the new system, which will be released in the coming weeks."
"\"It's a great way to spend time with your family and friends,\" he said, adding that he had not been to the venue before."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government, but has not yet decided whether to pursue legal action against the company."
"The first of the two, which will be held in the UK, will be held in the UK on 1 January, with the third scheduled for 1 January."
"The company said it expects to report a net loss of $ 1. 2 billion for the quarter, which is down from a loss of $ 1. 3 billion in the same period last year."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm looking forward to it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go and get a job, and I was told I could not work for the government."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, which would be rolled out across the country."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a lot of people who are not in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in"
"The most important thing is that we have a good team, and we have a good squad, and we have a good manager, so we can do well."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to one million by 2020."
"The former secretary of state's campaign has also said it will not accept money from foreign governments in the run- up to the US election."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said showed it was making progress in the years ahead."
"The U. S. has been in a state of emergency since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"I think it's a very good sign that the people who are in charge of the NHS are doing a good job,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can"
"The first thing I did was to get the ball in my hands and I was able to get it back in my hands."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the operation, which will cost up to \u00a3 2 billion."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, but I don't think it's a good thing for the players,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property, which is worth more than \u00a3 2 million, to be used for a private event."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a little bit more diversity in our leadership,\" she said."
"\"I don't think there's any way that I would have been able to do it without the help of my family,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to do a better job of getting the right people in place,\" he said."
"The US has been on high alert since the November attacks in Paris that killed 130 people and injured hundreds more."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 8 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The company has also been criticised for its poor sales in the UK, where it has been operating since 2010."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for women to get a visa to enter the country."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the investigation and would be \"fully engaged \"in the investigation \"of any further allegations."
"The company's shares fell as much as 3. 5 percent to $ 10. 30 in after- market trading."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder, and the woman was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, police said."
"\"I don't think we have a lot of time to think about it,\" he said, adding that he had no idea what the new rules would be."
"The man, who has not been named, is believed to have been in the country for about two years."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the new system more efficient."
"The United States, which has been the main ally of Assad's regime, has been bombing rebel- held areas of Aleppo for more than two years."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a quarter since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't think I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was also considering a run in the Rio Olympics."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent this year, but they are up more than 20 percent this year."
"The two men, who were both in their 20s, were arrested in the early hours of Thursday morning and charged with assault and battery."
"The government has said it will not take any action until the UK leaves the EU, but the BBC understands that the government is considering the possibility of a second referendum."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm going to say that I'm going to be a good president,\" Trump said."
"The first thing I did was go to the doctor and see if I could get him to go to the hospital."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The two sides are also expected to discuss a possible ceasefire in Syria, which has been in place since March."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the country,\" he said, adding that he would not be voting for Trump."
"\"I think we have to be careful about what we say and what we say in our speeches,\" he said."
"The government is expected to announce a new law on Monday that will make it easier for people to buy alcohol in the city."
"I'm not going to say what I think, but I think it's a great opportunity to be a part of something that's going to change the world for the better."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased from more than 100, 000 in 2011 to more than 1. 5 million in 2015."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a child with a disability,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm really happy with the way I've played and the way I've played."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because it's a good thing for the country to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, to be able to have a conversation with the people that you're dealing with,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been the world's most successful country in the fight against terrorism, but it is also the world's most dangerous."
"\"We have a lot of good players, and we have to be a lot more careful with them,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're a nation of immigrants,\" Trump said."
"\"I'm not sure how much longer I'll be able to play,\" he said in an interview with the New York Times."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really excited to see what he's got,\" she said."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a lot of people who are not in the business of running a business."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11 terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the appropriate steps to take to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it was \"working with the government \"to ensure it is able to deliver on its commitment to improve its customer experience."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the public in the event of a nuclear accident."
"The report said the UK was the best place to be a parent in the UK, with a high proportion of parents choosing to be a parent in the UK."
"The report said the UK's economic performance was \"significantly improved \"over the previous year, with the economy growing by 0. 3 per cent in the year to June."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 11. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 8 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The new rules, which were introduced in December, will apply to all new vehicles sold in the UK for the next three years."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property but it was not clear whether the sale would be completed before the end of the year."
"The company's shares were down 0. 9 per cent at $ 16. 26 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 per cent."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect in January, will require employers to provide health insurance to their workers."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that if we don't do it,\" he said."
"The company said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began."
"\"We're not going to be able to get a deal done in the next 48 hours,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI had access to the emails of Hillary Clinton's private server, the New York Times reported on Wednesday."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year and is down nearly 20 percent from its peak in 2014."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year and a half, but that it would not be ready for a launch in the near future."
"The couple, who have three children, have been together for more than 20 years and have been married for more than a decade."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to say that we're going to do something about it."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that it was working closely with the customer service team."
"The U. S. has a long history of using drones to target terrorist groups, but the drone program has been controversial."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1 billion in assets in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 7 billion in the same period last year."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we are not the only ones who are suffering,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'll say this: I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The couple had been married for eight years and had two children together, but the court heard they had been living together for four years."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1 percent on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11 terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey, and has been on high alert since the September 11 terrorist attacks in Paris, France, and Brussels, Belgium, which killed 32"
"The new rules, which will be announced in the coming weeks, will be introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks in November."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to the company's shareholders."
"\"I think the only way to get to the bottom of this is to look at the facts,\" he said."
"\"It's a very important thing for us to be able to make a statement about what's going on in our country,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to have a political solution to the problem,\" he said, adding that the government would not be able to solve the problem without the support of the people."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury to a person."
"\"We're going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we say to the American people,\" he said."
"The first is that the government is not going to be able to make a decision on the future of the NHS in the next few years."
"The company has said it expects to raise $ 1. 2 billion in the fourth quarter, which is the first time it has raised $ 1 billion in a single quarter."
"The U. S. government has said it will not be able to confirm the identity of the man or woman who was killed."
"The company's shares rose more than 3 percent to $ 14. 65 on Thursday, their biggest gain in a year."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure that you're not going to be in a situation where you're not going to be able to do it."
"I'm not saying that's the case, but I think it's a very good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it had received a $ 1. 2 billion payment from the government."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact will be, but I'm sure we'll be able to get some results,\" he said."
"The UK is the only country in the EU that has not been able to get a visa to enter the bloc."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 2. 8 billion in equity from investors."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of services to customers in the UK and Ireland, including online banking, mobile banking and online shopping."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, but the company has already announced that it will be offering a free trial of the app."
"The company said it would be able to offer a $ 10, 000 bonus to employees who had been on the site for more than a year."
"The UK's first ever national living wage is set to be introduced by the end of this year, with a new national living wage being introduced in April."
"The United States has been a leader in the fight against ISIS, and we are ready to help them."
"\"It's a very, very important thing for us to be able to help the people who are in need,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the Syrian civil war has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, but I do think it's a big deal,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what it is, but I'm going to go to the doctor,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to work together to combat the Islamic State group, which has been driven out of Iraq and Syria."
"The first was the fact that the government's own figures showed that the number of people who were arrested for drink driving was about the same as it was in the 1990s."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to bring the project to a close."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to change my opinion,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was very surprised when I saw it,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to add a further 100 jobs in the first quarter of this year, but it expects to be unable to meet its target of hiring 100, 000 by the end of the year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're able to get a little bit of a taste of what it's like to be a woman in the music business,\" she said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in March 2014."
"The group's latest figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has risen by almost a third since the age of 15."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong team and a strong team that can win games,\" he said."
"The new law, which was introduced in April, will apply to all EU citizens living in the UK, regardless of whether they have been in the country for more than three years."
"The couple, who have two children, were arrested in August and charged with the murder of a man in a car in the city."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide a new contract for the next five years, which will be in the autumn."
"The man who was shot was a man in his 20s, and police said he was shot in the back of the head."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" Trump said in a statement."
"The report, which was published on Wednesday, said that the number of people who had been killed in the conflict had risen by more than a quarter since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do that, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get the right balance between the public and private sector,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we're going to be able to do that."
"The government has said it will not raise rates until the end of 2017, but the Bank of England is expected to raise rates in December."
"I've been here before and I've never seen anything like it, but I've been here for a long time and I've never seen anything like it."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to be able to do that."
"\"I'm going to be the best person I can be,\" he said, adding that he's \"not going to be a candidate for president."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government to sell its stake in the company, but the deal has been delayed."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private investors, and that it would continue to invest in the U. S. market."
"The only thing that's changed is that I've been able to get a little bit more confidence in my game."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on New York and Washington."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in critical condition and is expected to survive."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we're not going to have any problems in the future."
"The company's shares are down about 2 percent this year, and are down about 1 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to know that we're going to have a president who will be a leader,\" she said."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell its stake in the company, but the government has refused to take action."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to have a president who is going to be a disaster for the American people,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state is expected to announce her running mate on Tuesday, and the first debate will be hosted by Fox News."
"\"I think it's a very good idea, and I think it's a good idea for the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 percent after the announcement, and they have lost more than half of their value since then."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it again,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had secured a $ 1. 8 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The U. S. has been in a state of war with North Korea since the country's fifth nuclear test on Jan."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to be a part of the conversation and be able to say what you think,\" he said."
"The company said it would cut the number of employees it would hire from around 40, 000 by the end of the year."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to attend the event."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol in the next few years."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a job."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in August that it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"I think the best thing we can do is to make sure that we get the best out of the players that are available."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee,\" Trump said in a CNN interview."
"The company said it would take the matter to the U. S. Supreme Court, which would decide whether to hear the case."
"The company's shares were down 2 percent at $ 21. 30 on Wednesday, and are down about 2. 5 percent this year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the fact that the number of people in the UK with a disability is growing."
"I think the most important thing is to be able to play the game and to be able to play the right way and to be able to play the right way and to be able to play the right way and to be able to play the"
"The United Nations has called on the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad to step down, saying it is in the interests of the Syrian people for his removal."
"The two- year- old girl, who was in the car with her mother, was taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently in custody in a police station in the city."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would lay off 1, 000 workers."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to say that you're not going to be able to do this,\" he said."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the people who are going to be in the White House,\" he said."
"The government has said it is considering whether to appeal the ruling, but has not yet decided whether to do so."
"\"I think the best thing that could have happened is that we would have had a better chance of winning,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it was a bad thing, but it was definitely a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to address the issue."
"The report said the government had been \"extremely slow to act \"in the wake of the Paris attacks, which killed 130 people and left 130 injured."
"The United States and Russia have been working together on a plan to defeat Islamic State in Syria, the Russian Defense Ministry said on Friday."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I'm not going to change my mind."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and he was."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, but I think it's going to be a great thing,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict."
"The UK government has said it will \"work closely \"with the European Commission and other EU bodies to ensure the UK remains a member of the single market."
"\"I'm not going to say that I don't think he's a good player, but I don't think he's a good player,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say what I did, but I'm not going to say what I did,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The government has been criticised for failing to act on the threat of terrorism, and has also been criticised for failing to take action against the Islamic State group."
"The US has been at odds with Russia over Syria, and has been accused of backing the Syrian government."
"The company's shares were up 1. 5 percent at $ 13. 21, while the broader S & P 500 index was down 1. 1 percent."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for the club to show that they can be a good team,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what's going to happen with the next president, but I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to have a president who's going to be a disaster for the country,\" he said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm really happy with the results and I'm really happy with the way we played."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors and had secured a $ 1. 5 billion loan."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's first- quarter earnings report."
"\"It's a very, very difficult situation, and I think it's a very, very difficult situation for the United States and for the world,\" he said."
"The new study found that people who are diagnosed with the condition are more likely to have a family history of the condition."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it's going to be a very good team,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying it's not a problem, but it's a problem that we have to address,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 2 million payment from the state of Texas for the work."
"The two- year- old was found dead in her home on the same day, the police said."
"\"I don't think there's a better way to do it than by using the best of the best,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get the kids to come over and watch the film and I think that's what I did."
"The UK government has said it will take in around 1, 000 refugees from Syria and other war- torn countries by the end of 2017."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"time trial of the service in the UK, but would not be able to offer a trial in the US."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"trade agreement with the EU and that it would be open to the UK to negotiate a trade deal with the EU."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities in China to secure the data, but the company has yet to receive any response."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the game, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult game, but I'm very happy with the performance,\" he said."
"The UK government has said it will not be able to negotiate a deal with Brussels over the UK's exit from the EU."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to talk to the American people,\" he said."
"The first of these will be the first of its kind in the world, and it will be a huge success."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 4 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the vote on the Scottish economy."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 16. 60 in after- market trading on Wednesday."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president in November."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other cases \"in which the company has been accused of sexual misconduct."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"I've got a lot of work to do, but I'm confident that I can do it."
"The report also said the number of people who had been infected with Zika virus in the past year had increased by more than 50 percent."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the investigation and would \"not be drawn into any further discussions \"at this stage."
"The company said it had been working with the police and the fire department to determine the cause of the fire."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the United States is not the only country that has been affected by this,\" he said."
"The report said the UK was the most expensive place to live in the world for people who were born abroad."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for the people of this country,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get the ball in my hands and I was able to get the ball out of my hands and I was able to get a good pass."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it was investigating the allegations and that it would take steps to protect the privacy of its employees."
"\"I think it's important to have a sense of perspective on what's going on in the world,\" she said."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say about the other side,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the public."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 14. 44, after the company said it would cut its workforce."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with HIV in the past year had fallen by more than a third."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do this again, because we're not going to have to do this again."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent at $ 14. 30 on Thursday, compared with a 1. 1 per cent drop in the previous trading session."
"The new rules, which were announced by the European Commission in a joint statement, will be implemented by the end of the year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and that it would be ready to go."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being held in custody."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to a private developer, but the company has said it will not be able to sell the land to the government."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the government's investigation and would continue to do so."
"\"I think the best thing that can be said is that we have a lot of work to do,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service to our customers \"and that it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play at a high level,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The U. S. is the world's largest oil producer, with production at its peak of more than 2 million barrel a day."
"The man, who is not being named, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of an accident."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 1. 2 billion for the current fiscal year."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has opened an investigation into the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation, which was completed in July."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been arrested for drugs offences has fallen by more than a quarter since 2010."
"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do, but I'm going to try to do something,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules would be in place by the time of the new year."
"I don't know what happened to him, but he was a good kid and a great guy and he was a good kid and he was a good kid and he was a good kid and he was a good kid and I think he was"
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get a blood test, which was a bit more difficult than I had anticipated."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president."
"\"We're going to be able to do a lot of things in the next few months,\" he said."
"The company said the new model will be available in the US beginning in the second half of 2016."
"The government has said it will take action to address the problem, but the company has not said how it will do so."
"The report said the government had failed to ensure that the public would have access to information on the impact of the EU referendum on the NHS."
"The company's shares are up more than 20 percent since the news broke, and are trading at about $ 30."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against the Islamic State, but the group has been accused of targeting civilians and troops, and has claimed responsibility for attacks in Iraq and Syria."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best experience possible \"and that it would be working to improve its customer experience."
"I've been to the Olympics twice, and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not talking about the issue of climate change,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, and were down more than 1 percent on the news of the arrest."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to have a perfect world,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the outcome is going to be, but I'm very happy with the result,\" he said."
"I think that's what the whole point of this is, is to make sure that we're not just going to be able to do this."
"The company's shares fell as much as 8 percent to $ 2. 35 on Thursday, their lowest price in more than a year."
"\"I'm not sure if I would have been able to do it if I hadn't been in the car,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was found dead in her bed in the family's home in the early hours of Sunday morning."
"The group said it had received \"a lot of support \"from the public and that it had been given a \"high- level \"approach."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 19. 33 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 1. 14 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares were down 1 percent at $ 26. 65 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was up 1. 5 percent."
"\"I think the best thing for the country is that we get to know each other better, and that's what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would close its doors."
"The US- led coalition has been carrying out airstrikes against ISIS in Syria since March 2015, but has not yet launched a major ground operation against the group."
"\"We're going to be doing a lot of things that we're going to be doing for the next four years,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively looking \"at the possibility of a sale, but did not say what form it would take."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good team, and I'm not going to be surprised if we get a good team,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do anything about it, because we are not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for women to get pregnant."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing it, because it's a good thing to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good way to get a little bit of momentum going,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia, which have been working together on Syria, have been working together on the ground for years."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company's shares were down nearly 20 percent in the past week."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, and will be implemented in the coming weeks, and will be implemented in the coming weeks, and will be implemented in the coming weeks, and will be implemented in the coming weeks, and"
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year and are down more than 20 percent from a year earlier."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are still a country that has a lot of problems,\" he said."
"The fact that I'm not in the top 10 is a big deal, but I'm not going to say that because I don't want to get into that."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good relationship with the Russians,\" he said, adding that he would not have made the trip if he had known about the meeting."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because of the fact that I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down about 7 percent this year, compared with a year ago when they were down about 11 percent."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 per cent since the company's announcement in May."
"The only thing I can do is to try to get the best out of him and get him to be a better player."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 1. 28, while the shares of the other major U. S. banks fell more than 1 percent to $ 1. 16."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 1 billion in funding from investors and was looking to raise $ 2 billion in additional funding."
"\"I'm not going to say what's going to happen, but I'm going to say what's going to happen,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new- car sales in the city."
"The government has been criticised for failing to act on the issue, which has been a key issue in the referendum campaign."
"The company said it expects to report a net profit of $ 1. 2 billion for the fiscal year ending in June."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to take on the challenges that we face,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers, and that it would continue to provide support to those affected."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The first was to make sure that the UK was not a member of the European Union, and the second was to ensure that the UK was not a member of the EU."
"The two sides are still negotiating a deal on the future of the North Sea oil and gas industry, which has been frozen in place since the country's conflict with the US over the North Sea oil and gas industry."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them to take me to the police station."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, while its shares have risen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said in a statement that the new technology could help it reduce its costs by up to $ 1 billion per year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of the system are not in charge of the system,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's going to do, but I'm going to be there,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"substantial \"additional service to the public in the future."
"The first thing I did was to look at the other side of the house and see what was going on."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with HIV in the past year had increased by more than half."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in July."
"\"I'm not sure that's a good thing,\" he said, \"but I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to do it."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we're getting a lot of attention, because it's a good thing to be able to talk about the things that are going on in the world."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to get out of that,\" she said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the safety and security of our customers is of the highest priority,\" and that it would continue to monitor the situation."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a specific date for when the new technology would be available to the public."
"The company said it had been working with the police and the Department of Fire and Emergency Services to investigate the incident."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow women to be paid less than men for the same work."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 4. 8 percent, to $ 30. 50 in after- market trading on Wednesday."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee access to the internet for the first time in a generation."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, but has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the public."
"The first thing I did was to ask my friends if they were going to be there for me."
"The company's shares were down more than 3 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday as it announced a $ 1. 5 billion cash payment to help pay for the $ 1. 7 billion in medical care it provided to the victims."
"The first thing I did was to go to the gym and get a good rest and then I went to the gym and did some training."
"The government's decision to introduce a new tax on alcohol was welcomed by the Scottish Government, which said that the alcohol tax was a good way of helping to reduce alcohol consumption."
"The company said it had already paid out more than $ 1. 5 billion in compensation to the victims of the attacks."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to report a net loss of $ 1. 5 million for the quarter, compared with a loss of $ 1. 4 million for the same period last year."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 10% in the past decade."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what we're doing,\" she said."
"The UK government has said it will not take part in the talks, but it is understood to be considering a number of options."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 20 percent since the start of the conflict in March 2014."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for the future of the company, but I'm sure it's going to be good."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 14. 10 on Thursday, their biggest weekly gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company said it expects to be able to offer the service in the second half of 2016, but it's not clear when that will happen."
"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the environment."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the rights of workers."
"The couple have been married for more than a decade and have two children together, but have not been able to afford to move in together."
"\"I'm not going to say that I was a victim of the police, but I was a victim of the police,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to get the message out that we are not alone,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say anything about it, because I don't want to get into the details of it."
"The government is expected to announce a new strategy for dealing with the threat of terrorism in the coming months."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria since late September, and has been conducting airstrikes against the group since late September."
"\"I think it's a very important issue, and I think it's important to get a better understanding of what's going on,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1. 6 billion in shares in the past 12 months, but had sold only about $ 1. 5 billion in the past 12 months."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department to determine whether the law should be changed."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but had not yet received a response."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"\"We are going to do everything we can to get the best deal for the American people,\" Trump said."
"The couple, who have been together for more than 20 years, have been married for more than 40 years and have two children together."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against terrorism, and we will continue to work with our allies in the region to fight terrorism."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they can be part of the solution,\" he said."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the last two years."
"The company's shares rose more than 3 percent to $ 14. 40 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, and I'm not going to be a politician for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 2 billion in funding from private investors in the last two years and was on track to raise $ 5. 2 billion in the fourth quarter."
"The company has been criticised for its handling of the case, which has been described as a \"suspect \"by the BBC."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to me, but I'm not sure I'd be able to live with myself."
"The company said it had already raised $ 2. 5 million in a Series B round of funding."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion from investors in the past three years and was investing $ 1. 5 billion in the first half."
"The company's shares were down more than 2 percent at $ 14. 50 on Thursday, after the company announced plans to close its headquarters in the United States."
"I don't know if it's the same as when you're playing in the Premier League, but I'm sure it's a good thing."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 1. 16, after the company said it would cut its workforce by half."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy a home in the event of a Brexit."
"The government has said it will introduce a \"new \"contract for the first time in a decade, but it has yet to announce a date for when it will introduce the new contract."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to ban the sale of certain types of marijuana."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in the first quarter, including $ 1. 2 billion from a group of investors."
"The company said it expects to add more than 1, 000 jobs over the next two years, and that it expects to generate $ 1. 8 billion in revenue in the first quarter."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to get out of the way, and we're going to have to make sure that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the deal, but has said it will not take sides in the negotiations."
"The company's shares were down about 2 percent at $ 14. 30 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut about $ 1 billion in its corporate tax bill."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 5 billion from investors in 2015, and it expects to raise $ 3. 6 billion in 2016."
"\"We're going to be able to get a lot of the things that we need to do,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to make $ 1. 2 billion in the first quarter, up from $ 1. 4 billion a year ago."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team, but we have to be careful with what we say."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement and was confident the agreement would be completed by the end of the year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible customer experience and delivering a great experience for our customers."
"The company said in a statement that it had \"committed to the process of making a full recovery \"of its assets."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be making any decisions about the future of the club."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the people who are going to be in charge of the country have been elected by the people."
"The two- year- old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was shot dead by police in the early hours of Sunday."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent at $ 32. 56 on Wednesday, and were down more than 6 percent at $ 33. 40 on Wednesday."
"The most important thing is to make sure you're not going to have to pay for it."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working with investors to secure a deal."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project, and it is working with the city to develop the site."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 45 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it expects to be in business for the next three to five years and expects to be in business for the next five to 10 years."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which will take up to three years."
"\"I think it's a good idea, but I don't think it's a good idea for the United States to be in the same position as Russia,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was go to the doctor and I was told that I had a heart attack and that I would have to go to hospital."
"The only thing I can think of is that I'm going to have to do something about it."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to provide a detailed plan of how it will tackle the problem."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to get the message out there that we need to get this right,\" he said."
"The company's share price has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than 20 percent of its value since the financial crisis."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 per cent at $ 1. 16 on Thursday, their lowest level in more than two years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last three years, with a further $ 1. 5 billion coming from investors in the second half of 2015."
"The couple's first child, a boy, was born in October last year, but they have not yet had a baby."
"The new rules will apply to all new and existing businesses, regardless of whether they have been in business for more than five years."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the bank, which is run by former President Bill Clinton, for possible violations of the banking laws."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending $ 1. 7 billion a year on defence."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to me that I'm not the only one who's been affected by it."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for this tragedy are the people who are responsible for this tragedy,\" he said."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a little bit of a feel for the game and hopefully we can get a little bit of a feel for the game."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm not going to change anything,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the lack of affordable homes for the homeless in the city."
"I think it's a good thing that we've got a good team and a good manager in the team, so it's good to see that."
"The new rules will apply to all public schools in the state, with the majority of schools being closed to the public in the coming weeks."
"The company said the company's net income for the quarter was $ 1. 2 billion, compared with $ 1. 4 billion a year earlier."
"The group's latest figures show that the number of people who have been killed by guns has dropped by almost half since 2009."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The new rules will apply to all new and existing members of the club, and will apply to all new members of the club who have not yet joined."
"The first thing I did was to get my passport and I was told that I was going to be sent back to the UK."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with demand for its products, which are sold in more than 20 countries."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the company's handling of sensitive government data, according to a Justice Department official."
"The United Nations has warned that the situation in Aleppo could become \"very, very dangerous \"if the government forces continue to advance."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of fun and to have fun with the team,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the past year has increased by more than a third."
"The two- year- old has been in the news a lot over the last couple of weeks, but it's been a good run."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the amount of interest in the book,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict."
"The first thing I did was to get my son to the hospital, and I didn't know what to do."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the situation in Aleppo."
"The two men, who are both from the same family, were arrested in the same area on Wednesday and are being held in police custody."
"The government's response to the report, which was published in September, was to say it was not aware of any such cases."
"The first thing I did was to go and see my dad, and he said, \"I'm going to go and see my dad."
"The government's new strategy, which is due to be published on Thursday, is to introduce a new system of tax on the sale of alcohol."
"\"I'm not sure that I would have been able to do it if I hadn't been so kind,\" she said."
"\"We are going to be a very, very strong country,\" he said, \"and I'm going to be a very strong leader."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer service and to improve the quality of its products and services."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government and other countries for more than a year, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my son, who was in a critical condition."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I think it's a very good thing to do,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday."
"The United States, which has been a key ally in the fight against ISIS, has said it will continue to support the Syrian government."
"The government's plan to introduce a minimum age of 18 for all new drivers is a major boost for the industry."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing the best possible service \"to customers and was committed to continuing to provide the best possible service to customers."
"The company has said it will not be able to provide the service for a number of years, but it will be available to customers in the coming months."
"The most recent data from the Department of Health and Human Services shows that the number of people receiving care in the United States has increased by more than half since 2009."
"The company said the new technology could be used to improve the performance of the system, which is designed to be able to handle up to 1, 000 passengers per hour."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the company's practices, and the company has agreed to pay $ 1. 5 billion to settle a civil lawsuit."
"The company has been criticised for not paying its own staff, which has led to a rise in the number of complaints."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol, which will be introduced in April."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private equity firms."
"The company's shares fell as much as 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would not be taking any action against the company."
"The company said it expects to have a net loss of $ 1. 5 million for the year, up from $ 1. 4 million a year ago."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and they are now trading at about $ 2. 50."
"\"I think it's a very important part of the game, and I think it's a very important part of the game for the fans,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government and other countries to sell the aircraft, which is expected to be delivered by the end of the year."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict."
"\"I think we're all going to have to do a better job of making sure that we're not going to have a situation where we're not going to have a situation where we're not going to be able to protect our borders,\""
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to cut its workforce by more than half."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30, while the S & P 500 index was up more than 3 percent."
"The company said it expects to report a net loss of $ 1. 5 billion for the year, compared with a loss of $ 1. 4 billion for the year- ended December 31, 2015."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 1. 35, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent to $ 1. 30."
"The first thing I did was to get the ball in my hands and get the ball back in my hands."
"The government is also expected to announce a new tax on the sale of luxury cars, which will be introduced in April."
"The first thing I did when I was in the hospital was to get a new pair of shoes."
"I've been in the game a lot, but I've only been in the game for a couple of weeks, so I've got to be ready for the next game."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"vote in the referendum on Britain's membership of the EU."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to be able to get a little bit more of a feel for the game and to be able to get a little bit of a feel for the game of rugby league."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to see a \"significant \"revenue boost from the new tax."
"\"I'm going to be a very good leader, and I'm going to be able to bring the country together,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The company's shares are down more than 20 percent since the announcement, and are down more than 10 percent since the announcement."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"The company has also been criticised for its poor customer service, which has seen some of its most popular products sold out."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 35, after the company said it would cut its workforce."
"The new rules, which were announced on Thursday, will apply to all public schools in the state, including public schools in Prince George's County."
"The company's shares rose 1. 7 per cent to $ 16. 46 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company's shares have risen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are trading at about $ 1. 50."
"The former secretary of state's campaign has also been criticized for its use of private email accounts for work and personal email."
"\"I'm not going to say anything negative about Donald Trump,\" he said, adding that he would not be supporting the Republican nominee."
"\"We are going to have to be very careful about what we say in public,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit of a girl, or if it's because I'm a bit of a woman."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop."
"The company has been in talks with the government about the sale of the property, but has not yet received any response."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players and the club to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company has also said it is working on a new smartphone, and plans to release a new version of its app next year."
"The government's new strategy to tackle the problem has been welcomed by the European Union, which has been pushing for a new approach to the problem."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 4 billion in compensation from the U. S. government since the company's fiscal first quarter ended in September."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the country,\" he said, adding that he would not rule out the possibility of a second referendum."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see what we can do together,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect and bring him to justice."
"The company has also been accused of failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the UK's economy."
"The only thing I can say is that I have no idea what he's going to do, but I'm going to keep my eye on it."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" he said."
"The most recent figures show that the number of people aged 65 and over has fallen by more than half since 2010."
"\"I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm going to try,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and is down more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"\"I think it's important to be a part of the conversation,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of the fact that he was the only candidate to win the nomination."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 1. 30, while the broader market was flat."
"\"I think it's important for the government to have a clear idea of what the impact of the cuts will be,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm going to tell you what we're going to do,\" he said."
"\"I think we've got to be more aggressive in what we do,\" he said of the new approach."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to talk about the issues that matter,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the future of the country,\" he said, adding that the government would consider the issue in the next meeting."
"The government is also expected to announce a new strategy for the country's energy sector in the coming months."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that I'm a woman, and I'm not a man."
"The man, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, has been released on bail and is expected to appear in court on Monday."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors in the first quarter, including $ 1. 3 billion in cash."
"The government has said it will not raise the tax on the wealthy to pay for the cuts to social care and education."
"The new rules, which were announced on Wednesday, will apply to all new and existing businesses, and will apply to all existing businesses for the next three years."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and tell him that I had a heart attack."
"The first thing I did was to get a job in a local newspaper and I was told I had to be a journalist."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a guy who's been in the game for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working to improve the customer experience and had been working to make it easier for customers to get their money back."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 1 billion in funding from private investors and was in talks with investors."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks and will be published in a draft report to the Treasury in due course."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the same room with a guy like that."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 50 percent since the company's first public offering in 2014."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local pub and buy a beer, and I was so drunk I couldn't remember what I had been drinking."
"\"I think the first thing we have to do is to make sure that we have a system in place that's working,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'll be happy to go,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol to help combat the problem."
"\"I don't know what it is, but it's a very good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company reported a loss for the first time in the last year."
"The government has said it will take action to protect the environment and to ensure that the environment is protected from the effects of climate change."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government about the deal, but did not say whether it was ready to sign."
"The company said it would not be able to meet the company's $ 2. 7 billion in debt, which is due to be paid off in the next few years."
"The new rules, which were introduced last year, will apply to all public sector workers, not just the private sector."
"The first thing I did was to get the phone number of the person who had the phone, and I called him."
"The company has also been criticised for not taking a more active role in the campaign to leave the EU."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think the best thing to do is to make sure that we're not going to have any problems,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because we have to be able to do our job,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's the same as when I was younger, but I'm not sure."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the \"black hole \"in the UK's financial services sector."
"The company said in a statement that it had been working with the police and the fire department to determine the cause of the fire."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for drug offences rose from 14 per cent in 2014 to 23 per cent in 2015."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of the morning, but the woman was not injured, the police said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be the president of the United States."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and then I went to the hospital."
"I think the reason we've been able to get to this point is because of the people who have been able to come forward."
"\"I think it's important for the country to have a conversation about the issues that matter to people,\" he said."
"The US- led coalition has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since mid- 2014."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come over to the house and see what I was doing."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 3 billion investment from China's state- run media company CCTV."
"The U. S. has been the most aggressive in its efforts to defeat ISIS, which has claimed the city for more than a year."
"The U. S. is the only major country to have a law that requires companies to report the number of workers they hire."
"\"I think we have a lot of good players in the squad and I think we will be able to add some good players to the squad,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to its customers, and that it was committed to continuing to provide the best possible service to its customers."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to the Royal Adelaide Hospital with serious injuries, while the girl was taken to the Royal Adelaide Children's Hospital with a minor injury."
"The company said the average price of a new iPhone fell by $ 1, 000 to $ 1, 300 in the first quarter."
"The report said that the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease had increased by more than 20 per cent."
"The first is that the government has not been able to get the necessary support for the project to be completed."
"The company has also said it will continue to invest in the UK and will continue to invest in the US, where it has a presence."
"\"I don't think we're going to be able to get the right people in,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticised for not paying its workers enough to cover the cost of its own health insurance."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is due to start in 2017."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, because I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'll be able to do in the next few months,\" he said."
"The UK is the only country in the EU that does not have a national health service, but the government is determined to ensure that does not happen."
"\"It's a great feeling to be back in the team and to be in the team and to be playing well,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"It's a very important game, and we've got to be ready for it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do, but I'm going to be in a position to make a decision,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful with the numbers, but we have to be careful with the numbers that are out there,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The U. S. is the only major country in the world that doesn't have a national health insurance program."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to have a female president,\" she said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" he said in an interview."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors and had a net loss of $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company said it had received a number of complaints about the product and had been contacted by the police."
"\"I think it's important for the people of the United States to know that we are not going to let Donald Trump win,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 9 percent at $ 30. 40, or $ 2. 17, after the announcement."
"The couple, who have two children, were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of an accident."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and is being held on suspicion of murder."
"The U. S. has been the world's most powerful country for the past 100 years, and it has a long history of human rights violations."
"\"I think we're going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the debate,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" because it's a good thing to be able to say that you're not going to do this."
"The company has been in talks with the government, but the deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for over 20 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Department of Justice in the investigation."
"The first thing I would say is that I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Syria for years, and the U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Iraq for years."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a female president,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the UK economy."
"\"I'm not going to say anything, but I'm going to be very careful,\" he said."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion in Series B funding from private investors, and that it was confident of a successful start."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The government has said the new system will help tackle the problem of child refugees who are not able to settle in the country."
"The former secretary of state also said that she would not be \"happy \"with the way the Republican Party has turned in the last few weeks."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government on the possibility of a new deal, but did not have a firm date."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI's investigation of Clinton's use of a private email server was politically motivated."
"\"I'm not sure how much longer we can continue to work together,\" he said, adding that the two sides had agreed to a \"new \"approach."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the issue and that it would look into the matter."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter, including from the Chinese government."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors and was working with investors to bring the project to life."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors in the past two years and had raised $ 1. 3 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it expects to add more than 100, 000 jobs over the next three years, and expects to be able to increase its sales by about 50 percent."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 4 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"The company said it had raised $ 4. 6 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter, and that it had raised $ 1. 1 billion in the last 12 months of 2015."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get to the point where we can be competitive,\" he said."
"The U. S. military has been in close contact with the Syrian government since the beginning of the civil war in 2011."
"\"I'm not sure that's a good idea,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to return to the U. S."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is expected to appear in court on Wednesday."
"The report, which was released on Wednesday, found that the number of people who were arrested for offences against the law rose from 1. 8 million in 2014 to 2. 1 million in 2015."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the country are going to be people who are going to be in charge of the economy,\" he said."
"The UK is the only country in the EU that does not have a national minimum wage, which is currently \u00a3 9. 50."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to get a bit of a rest,\" he said."
"The first was the $ 1. 2 billion loan from the US Federal Reserve in September, and the second was the $ 1. 1 billion loan from the European Central Bank in October."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities on the investigation and would continue to work with them to identify the people responsible."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of the house and I thought it would be nice to show it to my family."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing to be a woman,\" she said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask them to take me out of the house."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a lot of people who are going to be able to help us out,\" he said."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your name on the ballot and make sure you get it."
"The company has been in talks with the government since the start of the year, but has yet to sign a contract."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal,\" he said, \"but I think it's important to have a good relationship with the president."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we have a new president who is going to take a look at this and make a decision,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do it in the next few days,\" he said, adding that the government would not be able to do it in the next few days."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to me, but I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to him,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from private investors in the past two years."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are making the decisions are the ones who have the power to make the decisions,\" he said."
"I don't know how much longer they can keep it going, but I think they're going to be very happy."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity to get to know the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government, but it has yet to sign a contract with the government."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen to more than a million, according to the UN."
"\"I'm not going to say that we're going to be able to do it, but we're going to have to do it,\" he said."
"The US has been under pressure from the international community to take more action against the Islamic State group, which has claimed responsibility for the attack."
"The company said in a statement that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the investigation, which is ongoing."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, and are down more than 3 percent this year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station, and I was told that I would be charged with a criminal offence."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Russia on the issue, but it has not yet agreed to the deal."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against terrorism, and the U. S. is a global leader in the fight against terrorism."
"\"I think the best thing for the country is to have a conversation about the future of the country,\" he said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm very happy with the way the season has gone."
"I'm not sure what the answer is, but I think it's a good thing for the game."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent this year, but are up more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and that it was working to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on the news, but fell more than 3 percent in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares were up about 2 percent at $ 3. 50 on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut costs."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to the police and say you're not allowed to do this."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing it, because it's going to help us in the long run,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed by guns in the last year has dropped by more than half."
"The government has said it wants to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems, but the issue has been a hot- button issue in the past."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the safety of its customers."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to be a little bit more aggressive,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, adding that it expects to report a net profit of $ 1. 8 million for the quarter."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of the discussion,\" he said, according to the Associated Press."
"The government's plan to reduce the number of people in work by a third is a big win for the working class."
"The government has said it will not take any further action until the investigation is complete and the matter is put to a full public inquiry."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're seeing a lot of people who are in the same boat,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide a full accounting of the costs of the project, which was estimated to cost \u00a3 1. 2 billion."
"The U. S. is the only major country that doesn't have a national minimum wage, which is set at $ 9. 25 an hour."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI's investigation of Clinton's use of a private email server was politically motivated."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and are down more than 40 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the government to develop a new contract for the company, which will be paid in cash."
"\"We are going to have a very good relationship with the Russians and we will work with them to try to get the best deal for the American people,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the rights of the public."
"\"I'm not sure that we can do it, but I'm sure we can do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent to $ 1. 15 in after- market trading on Wednesday."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial to customers who had already signed up."
"The company said it had been in talks with the US government, but that it had not yet been granted permission to begin the process."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity to get to know the people who are in the White House, and to learn about the people who are in the White House,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to a friend's house and get a bag of clothes."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut about 1, 000 jobs."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to be detained for up to six hours without charge."
"The company has also been criticized for its handling of the case, which has resulted in a $ 1. 3 million fine and a $ 25, 000 fine for a second incident."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 5 million settlement from the U. S. government in the case."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we have a good relationship with the people who are going to be in charge of the country."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, with the first phase to be introduced in the spring."
"The new figures show that the number of people who have been in the UK for more than three years has risen by more than a third since the end of 2015."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that matter to people, and I think that's what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent this year, but they are up more than 20 percent this year."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to go about it,\" he said, adding that he had been in contact with the company."
"The company said it was \"close to \"the $ 1 billion figure, but it was not clear how much was in the $ 1. 5 billion figure."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government about the sale of the aircraft, but the U. S. government has not indicated any interest in the deal."
"\"I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but it's a big problem,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how much longer it will be, but I'm sure it will be a long time,\" he said."
"The first is that the government has not yet decided on a new constitution, and that the next election is likely to be held in 2018."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would not comment further."
"The government is also expected to announce a new law on Monday that will make it easier for businesses to hire foreign workers."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent in the past year, and it has lost about $ 1. 5 billion in the past year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past 12 months."
"The first thing you have to do is to get yourself in the right frame of mind and to be able to do that."
"The company said it would be able to offer a one- time fee of $ 1 per customer to customers who had not yet paid."
"The company has been under fire for its handling of the death of a British man who died in a police raid in Pakistan in 2014."
"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what you're doing and what you're doing for the community."
"\"I'm not sure what the point of the game is, but I'm not sure I want to be in a situation where I'm not playing,\" he said."
"The new rules will be announced in the coming weeks, but the company has already been working on them."
"\"I'm not going to be the one to say I'm going to be the one to say I'm going to be the one to say I'm going to be the one to say I'm going to be the one to say I"
"I think it's a good thing that we're able to do that because it's a good thing for the game."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president of the United States are going to be Republicans,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer service and had been \"working to improve customer service \"at its stores in the UK."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say that we're not going to be involved in any kind of action."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from my mother, who was in the hospital with a serious injury."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to be in the same boat as the other teams,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue charges against the two men, who are white."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen to more than 100, 000, according to UN figures."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and that it was working to improve its customer experience."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government about a possible sale, but that it had not yet received a response."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, because it's a great opportunity for the players to get back to their normal lives,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract until the new contract is up and running."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action on the issue."
"\"It's been a long time coming, but I'm excited to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 7 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 60 per cent since the 1980s."
"The report also said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 10, 000 since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company has been under pressure from investors to cut costs and improve the quality of its products, but it has struggled to attract customers."
"\"We have to make sure that we are not going to have a situation where we're not going to be able to get a deal done,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state's campaign said in a statement that the former secretary of state would not be attending the event."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that are at stake,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that the people who are making this decision are the people who are really concerned about the future of the country."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the needs of the people who live in the areas affected."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for him, but he's going to have to make a decision,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new scheme to help people who are homeless and need help to move into housing."
"\"I don't want to say too much about the future of the club, but I want to say that we are very happy with the way we are going,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it would make to the game if you had a player with a lower body fat percentage,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of luxury cars, which will hit the highest end of the market."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place, but that it was not yet ready to take any steps."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had a $ 1. 5 billion goal in its first quarter."
"The company said it expects to add more than 100, 000 jobs in the first quarter, up from the previous estimate of about 100, 000."
"The government is also considering a bill that would require companies to provide information about their workers to employers."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the second quarter, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the first quarter."
"\"We're going to have a lot of people who are going to be very disappointed,\" he said."
"The US has been accused of using torture against its own people in the past, but this is the first time it has been accused of killing a US citizen."
"The company said it was \"confident \"it could meet the $ 1. 7 billion target for the first quarter of 2016."
"The first thing I did was to get my husband to come over and help me with the rest of the preparation."
"\"I think we're going to have to see a lot of changes in the next few years,\" he said."
"The US has been on high alert since the November attacks in Paris that killed 130 people, including 130 children."
"The new law, which will take effect on July 1, will apply to all public schools in the state."
"\"I think it's a very important part of the game for us, and we have to be very careful,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how I would feel if I was in a situation where I was in a situation where I was not allowed to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a \"significant amount \"of customer complaints about its products, but that it had not received any complaints about its products from other retailers."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the possibility of a new deal."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent to $ 30. 99 on Thursday after the company said it would cut its workforce."
"I think it's a good way to get to know the people who are there and to know what they're doing."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact of the referendum on the future of the UK's relationship with the European Union is,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be taking any chances with my career."
"The most recent figures show that the number of people who have been killed by police in England and Wales has risen by more than a third since 2010."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 million in funding from investors, but that it had not yet received the money."
"The UK is a member of the European Union, and the European Union is a free trade area, but it is not the only area in which the UK is involved."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the team,\" he said."
"\"I don't think I've ever had a better time of it,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the results."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had a net loss of $ 1. 8 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes in Syria since March 2015, and has been conducting airstrikes in Iraq since September 2014."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that are important to the American people,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's the same thing, but I think it's the same thing, and I think it's a good thing."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 4 billion in funding from private investors in 2014, and it is now in the process of selling its stake in the company."
"The company said it would not be able to provide any further details about the new technology until it was ready to be tested."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors in 2015, including a $ 1. 3 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost more than a third of its value in the past year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is owned by the family, for a further two years."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government to sell its stake in the company, but has yet to sign a deal."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 1 billion in compensation from the U. S. government in the last three years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 7 billion Series B loan, and that it was looking to raise $ 2 billion in the second quarter."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is expected to cost between $ 1. 5 billion and $ 1. 8 billion."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about a possible sale of the property, but the government has not indicated it would consider it."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of this country are the people who are responsible for this country,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past 12 months."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and that it was working on a new product for the next year."
"The government is expected to announce a new strategy for the next four years, which will include a focus on the economy and the environment."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the conflict in March 2014."
"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next few years, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it."
"The UK's first female prime minister has said she will not be voting for Brexit, despite the UK's vote to leave the EU."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have a safe, secure and reliable internet experience,\" and that it was working to improve its customer experience."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I'm not sure what the point is."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I think we're going to have a pretty good team,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to make $ 1 billion in revenue in the first half of this year, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"\"I'm not going to say what the outcome is going to be, but I'm going to say what the outcome is going to be,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's talking about, but I'm pretty sure he's talking about a lot of stuff,\" he said."
"The first was the $ 1. 5 billion loan from the federal government to build a new nuclear power plant in Pennsylvania."
"The company said it had been working on a new system for the new system and would be working on it in the next few weeks."
"\"I'm not sure how I'm going to get through this,\" said the star, who is also the host of \"Saturday Night Live \"on NBC."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, but has been under a state of emergency since then."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said, adding that he had been in touch with the club."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent on Thursday, but they were down 2. 3 percent in after- hours trading."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a weapon and was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than a million since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 26. 35 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 26. 35 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent"
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 1. 3 billion, or $ 1. 4 billion, in the fourth quarter."
"The company's shares were down 0. 9 per cent at $ 1. 26 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 per cent."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, and I think it's a good thing for the country for the country to be able to have a debate about this,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 6 billion from investors in the first quarter, including $ 1. 2 billion from a group of investors."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"I think that's a very good thing, because if you don't have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with, you don't have a good relationship with them."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors in the past two years, and that it had raised $ 1. 8 billion in the first half of this year."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the inquiry, which is being led by the former Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn."
"The new law, which was introduced in 2013, allows for the government to make changes to the law in the event of a court ruling."
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the country are the people who are going to be in charge of the economy."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to solve all of these problems,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to talk about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 3 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 2, 000."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get the best out of this program,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was found dead in the car, which was found in the parking lot of a nearby home."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to tell you what I think,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said on Tuesday that the U. S. has been informed by the Russian government that the U. S. was not involved in the incident."
"The government has said it will take action to reduce the number of migrants arriving in Greece, but has not yet said how."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company has been in talks with the US government to develop a new drone, but the US government has not approved the deal."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, but I think it's a big deal,\" he said."
"The government is also trying to get the public to pay more attention to the issue, as it has done with the death of a young woman in a police station."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that the government was working with the local authorities to improve the situation."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try to do my best to be a better person."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban for years, and the Taliban are now fighting back with their own forces."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election, and it's now down more than 2 percent."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The government has said it is not interested in the proposal, and has said it would not be interested in the proposal if it was rejected."
"The U. S. has been on a high- profile campaign of harassment and violence against transgender people, and the issue has become a national debate."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if it was not able to meet the requirements of the new contract."
"\"I don't think there's a better way to do it,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the results."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the results."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been involved in the fight against ISIS in Syria and Iraq for more than a year."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1. 7 billion in shares in the past 12 months and that it had sold $ 1. 4 billion in shares in the past 12 months."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the rights of the disabled, and that it will not be able to guarantee the rights of the disabled in the UK."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are making these decisions are the people who are actually making these decisions,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal."
"The U. S. has been the only major country to have a minimum wage of $ 10. 20 per hour since 2009."
"The company said in a statement that it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 8 billion in tax breaks from the Trump Organization in the past year."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for more than a year."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other cases \"where the company had been contacted by the government."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and for the country to have a leader who can stand up and say, \"We're not going to let this happen to us."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to be the only ones to suffer,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is due to be completed in 2017."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 56, or 2. 3 percent, to $ 30. 35 in after- market trading."
"The company said it had received a letter from Apple's lawyers, which it said was sent to the company's lawyers."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the project, which is estimated to cost about $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it was working to resolve the issue."
"The company said it would also be offering a free trial to its customers in the UK and Ireland, and a free trial in the US."
"The company has been in talks with the government about a possible deal, but the government has not said if it would sign it."
"I think it's a great opportunity for the club to show that they are a very good team and they can do it."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to be able to say, \"OK, we're going to do this."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good team in the playoffs,\" he said."
"The report, which was released on Tuesday, said that the number of people who have been killed by police in the last year has risen by more than 40 per cent."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 50 percent in the past year, and are down by more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the government has a responsibility to make sure that the NHS is delivering the best possible care for patients,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for the club but I'm sure we'll be back in the top flight."
"\"I'm not sure what's going to happen, but I'm sure we'll see a lot of interest in the next few days,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is going to be able to help us,\" he said."
"\"It's a very good thing for the sport to have a female president,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the new president would be female."
"The first thing I did was to get my daughter to the hospital, and then I went to the police station and I was told that I had to pay for my daughter's treatment."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but it has not yet been decided."
"The company has been in talks with the government since the start of the year, but has yet to receive a response from the government."
"\"It's a very, very difficult situation, but it's a very good thing that we're getting to this point,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the new phase of the project, which will involve the creation of a new factory."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced a plan to close the facility."
"The company said the company expects to be able to offer a range of products in the coming months."
"\"I think it's important that we get the right people in the right places, and that we get the right people in the right places,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 2. 50, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The first thing I did was to go and get a lawyer, and I was told that I would have to pay $ 1, 000."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the first quarter and said it would continue to invest in the business."
"\"We are going to make sure that we have a plan for the next four years to make sure that we have a plan for the next four years to make sure that we have a plan for the next four years to make sure that we"
"The government has said it will not allow the new rules to be introduced until the government has a clear plan for how it will deal with the issue."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good relationship with the Russians,\" Trump said in a speech in New York."
"\"I'm not going to say anything negative about the team, but I'm not going to say anything negative about the players,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since 2011."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the process and that it was \"fully aware \"of the matter."
"The two- year- old girl was taken to the Royal Brisbane and Children's Hospital where she died."
"The company has said it will not be able to provide any further information about the investigation until the full investigation is completed."
"The first thing I did was to look at the video and I couldn't believe how much it was going to change my life."
"The new study, published in the journal Science, found that the average age of the participants was 28. 4 years, compared to 27. 5 years for the general population."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet its target of spending 2% of GDP on defence."
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the allegations and would provide a statement to the public."
"The company said it expects to have a net profit of $ 1. 3 billion in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 14. 30 on Wednesday, their lowest level in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand that the United States is a democracy,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut 1, 000 jobs."
"The fact that the two sides are at odds over the issue is a sign that the two sides are not quite ready to settle the issue."
"The US has been accused of using its military might to target Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq, but the Pentagon has denied the accusations."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we are not going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not take any action until the UK leaves the European Union, but has promised to take all necessary measures to ensure the UK remains a member of the single market."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife, who was a nurse, what she thought of the idea of me having to go to the hospital."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to identify the people behind the hacking."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but that it was not yet ready to announce a date."
"The first of the two is expected to be completed in the next few weeks and the second in the next few months."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy, but I'm going to be honest,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it,\" he said."
"\"I think the best way to do that is to have a system that is fair and that is fair to all,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good way to get a win and I think it's a good way to get a win."
"The only thing that's going to change is the way we play, and that's what we're going to have to do."
"The government is also considering a bill that would allow the state to take over the responsibility for the health of its citizens."
"The only thing that's going to change is the way we're going to play, and that's the way we're going to play."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a full accounting of the sale, but said it had been working to identify potential buyers."
"The government has said it wants to have a \"more diverse \"government, and that it wants to make it easier for women to get a job."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action against the company."
"The most important thing is to be able to play in the Champions League and I think that's what we have to do."
"\"I think we need to be able to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people in the country,\" he said."
"The first was a man who had been in the UK for a few months, but who had been granted asylum in the country."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"It's a big deal, but it's a big deal because we've had a lot of bad things happen to us,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent to $ 35. 55 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 2 percent in the past week."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to any private developer until the government has a plan to protect the environment."
"\"We're going to make sure that we're able to do that in the future,\" he said."
"The UK government is to launch a new inquiry into the deaths of children in care in England and Wales."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's something that we should all be doing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be more competitive,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be the only one who's going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"The US and Russia have been working together to defeat Isis in Syria, but the Syrian army has been unable to defeat the group in Iraq."
