"From here you are traveling between countries in seconds, so it's actually great to be a travel writer and I'm looking forward to it all."
"In the start of 2016, the 12 percent tax rate on corporate profits from America's biggest companies will be raised from 5 percent to 8 percent."
"\"I'm pretty sure every record we're working on has a signature theme,\" Martin said."
"But a simple online search can reveal that less than 0. 1% of households keep an online account."
"We have people on this earth that are determined to look at education, work together and be proud to have that responsibility."
"And yet we hear so much about how the black community is in the dark about the huge problems that still exist in our communities today."
"\"He doesn't care what some of the people around him say ; he just doesn't. I am so confident that if he would get out and have a good time."
"It's all about looking forward and making it a winning record, and I have to learn from that."
"Last year, she did not score a single point, but did keep her intensity up throughout her quarter- finals campaign."
"But that doesn't mean that every seat at the table is as great as what we would like them to be."
"As Trump's campaign manager in 2008, he has now proposed that the U. S. give tax breaks and smaller capital gains tax breaks to wealthy people."
"'I got really upset when it was announced that, when we were putting the finishing order together, nobody said a word."
"\"And the members of the team that have been suspended, from the entire team, have received some sort of threatening phone call,\" he said."
"Mr. Scott's mother, who said she had been diagnosed with breast cancer, has spoken out repeatedly on the topic."
"Her friend Ms B said:'I am really happy for him, I can't wait to see him again!"
"This is why I had to discuss the fact that the American one- year trial period for the court case was the longest that all previous trials have faced."
"\"In our region- with the [ Central and Southern ] states of Australia- we have the potential to have the greatest growth in the world,\" Mr Palmer said."
"Of those eligible, 80 percent are male and a majority are among those who have seen an employer- sponsored workplace for at least three years, according to the report."
"Even in 2015 it was the 1 per cent rate of decline that could be explained by a significant growth in the country's labour pool and staff numbers."
"In addition to attacks against police, Muslims- an unusual religious minority- are also under increasing pressure to prove their authority."
"I don't mind it and I have a lot of friends that do, but I am a big fan of movies."
"A Labor Department study shows the unemployment rate has increased only slightly from the early 2000s, before labor markets were even beginning to recover."
"A Palestinian man has been arrested and charged in the death of a man on a Palestinian beach who died days ago after being struck by a boat off the coast of northern Israel, police said."
"The 5. 6 per cent rise isn't being seen by only one- fifth of employers."
"If he came back, maybe if he could look good for a little bit more and come back a little bit, maybe we can win against Leicester."
"The attack comes less than two weeks after a truck attack on a train line killed 130 people and injured many more in Berlin."
"He told one of the judges that he'd played 11 matches as a player over the past 10 years, and the evidence suggested he was in good condition."
"The benchmark U. S. fixed rate rose 5. 6 percent Friday, well above the prior week's rise of 4. 1 percent."
"One officer said he thought the woman had been raped, but did not know if he was right or wrong."
"He did the last thing that we'd ever do, sit on the bench and just sort of let him play."
"To reach a standard on which the Government has been trying to block any other decision- the very thing which needs to be given a boost- would give Westminster much to fear."
"In Ohio, where there are four primaries, more than 100, 000 registered voters took to the polls to cast their vote."
"A key driver of policy changes in Poland and elsewhere on the continent would be to build on these policies and give people more independence from the state."
"You won't be surprised to learn that the 20- year rule still holds in most states."
"The US Federal Reserve has set its short- term policy goals in two major areas, with the US policy is not set in a fixed direction."
"It's a commitment for us as a team, and our boys have to make sure that they come into the game as an organization and try to play the way we want to play."
"All the sounds we made are what makes the real thing work and we all want to create something new and remarkable in our everyday lives."
"The 19- year- old victim of the devastating assault, who is not named in the report, told police he was repeatedly threatened with a knife at least once."
"A YouTube video claiming to show the attack has been watched more than 1. 8 million times over the past two days."
"Since the 2007 referendum, membership in the bloc has gone up from 70 percent in June to 85 percent in July and 85 percent in August."
"With two choices remaining in the list, he listed both Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, who both had good ideas."
"Police departments across the country were well aware of the threat before the latest security measures were announced, according to police officials."
"With the vast majority of those affected, she said, the tragedy should have been seen as a crisis rather than an opportunity to ease the pressure on the world's most vulnerable population."
"They would know if he had asked them to come in their house and speak to them but then he would simply ignore them."
"He believes that, having admitted a little more than he has in the past, he will show that he can be a leadership candidate at the next election."
"And there's very little public opinion polling in the US on this, and there's very little electoral science in that."
"And, on the other hand, the ultimate goal of my actions as governor was to protect the patient from devastating heart attacks."
"\"We want to make sure that the prices rise and that they stay there as long as possible,\" he told a news conference."
"A Scottish Government spokesman said: \"Scotland already has the largest number of businesses in the UK with a total business income of \u00a3 1. 2 billion, making up 30 per cent of the UK economy."
"It's difficult for some players to express their thoughts when they see their team finish higher than anyone else."
"These two strikes bring more than a year of threats and legal action, and legal aid for victims and witnesses, to the United States."
"They do an act which is doing more harm than good and that is why they took the squad and played well."
"The model is a dozen years older, and not much has been done about the species because it's completely dead."
"\"My son has been taken ill and I am working to get him back,\" the man's ex- wife, who lives in Michigan, said."
"He went on: \"Our children could be in danger of being put on trains if they tried to get off."
"The attorney for the driver and two witnesses say he was behind the wheel of a stolen bike and that he may have fled."
"I want to change that, and I know we will give her what she needs most and I will not allow that to change."
"But she added that, of course, the secretary of state has given her a vote- safe in exchange for both of her policies."
"'I've just been in India when the journey to the UK began,' she says with an air of confidence."
"A Conservative MP who took over an influential civil service job on Tuesday has suggested a \"compromise \"between the British government and its foreign secretary to stop him becoming the \"informal \"general secretary of a cabinet."
"And then we realised we had to put the four people who'd never, ever seen us in the old pub that came into the village."
"And if you are writing a video game, I guarantee it will have quite a lot of consequences for the fans."
"So, all it takes is having that strong opinion of your father, who might say'No, you're wrong ', then having that same opinion of your mother."
"I've had no contact with his company, I've not had contact with him and I didn't even know he was there at the time."
"He said that as I'm still upset with them, they shouldn't be doing it, and all these people deserve to have their lives determined by politicians."
"\"It might not be the fastest, but it's pretty well the fastest, so I hope it will be the fastest one,\" the manager said."
"It also's important that people know about these deals because some of the worst stuff in America is still going on."
"We have to think about those risks and we have to think about the emotional consequences of it because that's what he was looking for."
"We are going to begin the discussion of differences in free trade in the first US debate scheduled for next week in the US Senate."
"To win in San Jose, you have to finish second, and that's what we're trying to do tonight."
"The White House said Trump did not get the early vote he requested, but rather that he requested it on his first day in office."
"Although she did not seek to press criminal charges against the Uber driver, she said the charges could get her three children killed or seriously injured if the companies had to continue sharing profits with other drivers."
"Mr Corbyn also blamed those voters who refused to be drawn on Jeremy Corbyn's policies in 2010, despite his plans to introduce a three per cent rate of tax."
"And now, with nine months to go until the election, why not stand on a Sunday with a copy of his presidential papers to look over?"
"But if I was Trump, I would never trust the media, I would never pay attention to the Clinton campaign and I will be the one running on a platform that makes people sick to death of a leader that is willing to be treated like"
"\"We are now in a position where people were ready to meet the people that had asked them to help,\" the state spokesman said."
"Clinton: We don't have the debates, I'm going to give you that, and I can tell you right now that people are making decisions."
"They've got their heads up that they are going to help us out if we don't do what is asked of them."
"But that didn't sit well with Ms Sturgeon, who said she must have her nose to the political stage if Scotland's future in the UK is in doubt."
"Under our new policy, you can leave your public shop any time you like without penalty if you want to use it in a private use- like- banking vehicle."
"While we are pleased to welcome him back to the club, we know he needs our support to get better."
"We're very close to being in a relationship ; it's not easy to be the person we want to be."
"On a family diet- it isn't the only way to get rid of people you see on television."
"Just as the University of Texas was investing $ 17 million to fund its football program, the Dallas public university began investing in self- funding."
"'There was a number of other cars involved as well as the driver, two of whom weren't injured."
"\"It's an opportunity for us to let the industry learn from it and to open up more doors for them,\" she said."
"In the US, the NHS received \u00a3 4 billion from 2009 to 2015, and the Defense budget has been reduced by \u00a3 250 million from 2014- 16 to 2015, according to official figures."
"\"I don't know if I can speak for [ them ] but they always had a positive attitude to me and really have a great lifestyle,\" she said."
"You know, in the old days you heard different stories that got published than the ones that people read."
"Meanwhile, Trump announced that he will not be attending his family's fundraising dinner on Saturday because of a \"great storm of the storm \"that hit New York earlier."
"This is the most critical opportunity this country has had to address issues facing the nation and make a positive difference."
"Earlier on Friday, the Obama administration said it was still not clear what impact the quake would have on the schools."
"A spokeswoman said:'The customer experienced an incident that occurred on January 6, 2014 at Royal Perth Station in Perth."
"The Home Office said it expected the number of refugees arriving in the UK to rise from 3, 200 in October to 5, 300 by the end of 2016."
"In 2017, he will spend a further six months in the single market as he continues his negotiations with Brussels."
"I know I'm a player, but I was also a young man, and I had to prove that to myself."
"The world's largest economy has not been happy with the financial arrangements at the Bank of England, it has been revealed."
"If people are worried about the cost of living in the UK then it means there is a bit more competition to be had."
"He has great impact, you can see in the way he plays the game, the way he's used to it, and it does change that."
"At the same time, some politicians are considering trying to boost the rate to as much as 15 per cent."
"In fact, the next president can't move her agenda forward without that approval, and that's what she's done."
"Mr Johnson said: \"Our huge tax cuts will benefit millions of people across our country and they would be the biggest in the world."
"She said:'I have never done something that would cause me to change my attitude towards myself or my team."
"On the other side of the debate is one of the most remarkable things about the whole movement- that if you talk to people on Facebook you often hear them argue with you."
"This wasn't about Clinton, though-- it was an idea that, back in 2000, no one actually thought to bring up- or- die about."
"\"They got together in town, he was on his way to play golf and we were just talking about baseball,\" she said."
"I'm just grateful that there was a debate, I think, about this issue and we got that debate going."
"When asked if he thinks the club needs to change tactics, he said: \"The revenue from our site will be just like that."
"Even the club's former chairman, who publicly said he wants to sell, has not given a reason."
"Police said they were looking for a man who had not been seen by family for more than a year."
"The case came after the Royal Family visited Berlin where they were due to meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel over their commitment to the migrant crisis."
"The final goal, as the coach told his players, was not about the club's form but also about the type of coach the current manager is going to bring."
"It's a bit of a joke to put it out there, to say that you can only have five people you can win."
"The nation's anti- doping agency has given preliminary approval for a proposal to change the game and \"steal \"every shot on the Olympics roster."
"And here are the chances- she might well win, but she might also make it as the first woman to win all seven major events in a row, although she'd be 12 points short of second place."
"I couldn't have had it so different for my husband when we moved away ; we are still the same person."
"\"The general thinking is it will be big,\" a senior police source told Reuters, but the commander says he will still focus on fighting IS in Syria and Iraq."
"While Facebook has not decided who will be used to access the data, it appears the company is keen to act as a counter- threat."
"The authorities recently noted that a Swedish woman who had already been taken into custody last week at the detention center is being questioned and will be tried in an immigration detention center in Germany, where she is being held, as an additional suspect."
"\"We took the individual which was the most significant, to add him to the order is not the right choice,\" he said."
"They used one of three primary methods in preparing their recommended course for Americans: reading, listening to a written programme or a print or video programme."
"But the numbers are still going up and we are still showing the extent of the problem, and people are really concerned about it."
"This is the perfect opportunity for those of us who have the passion to walk the streets of the United States and say what's in our name."
"The criminal prosecution side for Bradley and their son were heard by the court on Monday, and are said to be on trial on a number of charges including murder and sexual activity with a child."
"A state health board official said on Monday the Zika virus is one of many potential causes for the South American disaster."
"I'll walk, drop my book off, go home, and I'll get up and go."
"The 29- year- old was hoping to continue winning the Super Bowl on the back of the victory over New England."
"So if it was true then it is most likely a'relatively large'group of them because there are so many risks."
"Meanwhile, Obama's will appears to be in motion as he opens the door for several more rounds of US foreign policy."
"Some campaigners said they were confident Trump would never seriously risk getting involved in the campaign, and said that there was no chance the other two candidates would take steps to limit the use of their campaign technology."
"We've only got a small amount of funding, and the most recent survey suggests that around 20 per cent of new homes are being built in Wales, equivalent to roughly a three- day weekend bus ride."
"Most athletes and coaches try to keep one point on the board during training, but this study suggests that even when such a point is reached, once it is reached, one can't change one's game."
"\"The principle is put to us that the people in charge of a city council or school board can't do anything on their own,\" he said."
"The main problem I have with it- and I'm doing the majority of my interviews- is that I know that I've come to a terrible country, a terrible country."
"She went on to be a professor of engineering at St. Mary's and later of the University of Illinois."
"They have taken a lot of time to get their heads around it but they have made it to the first official test just three days later."
"It's going to be the last year of [ my ] life but this week's going to be fantastic."
"I had my eyes closed, it was overwhelming,\" the 38- year- old said in a Facebook Live video of the final stretch of filming on Sunday."
"\"All of the scientific work I've done over the years has shown that it's very possible for animals to be up to 10 times more complex than our own species,\" she said."
"He also suggested the campaign be quick to discuss what was happening with people who had given money to Trump."
"President Obama has just issued his final budget and, to some degree, did not start out on budget cuts."
"I think people realise what it takes to come back for the United States but it is not too early to do so and no country, no city is going to go through this."
"And the time we get to bat him in there, I don't know that there's a dance that's going to happen."
"The judge said he had no choice but to grant the settlement and said the family were able to meet its living expenses without any legal burden."
"That's still the hope for Mr. Obama and other top administration officials, who have tried to make sense of what's happening, but have made little progress."
"The reason I would let the kid be on a national list of school shootings is that I felt he was a part of this history."
"It was not surprising that the group had agreed to meet in one place but were not expecting the visit by them to be so friendly."
"\"It was a crazy experience, and I haven't been through such an experience as that,\" he said."
"It will focus attention on what I think is a potentially difficult question, where there is a link between the rich and the poor."
"His supporters argued that he was still the GOP candidate in a race where Trump won, and that it was time to start challenging him for it."
"She said: \"We're asking people to take every chance they can and to take it into their own hands."
"We will assess the risks associated with this purchase and consider the expected impact on the business environment if the company remains in business for longer than expected."
"So, you know, he knows, he knows what it's going to take and he's so open to it and he's going to be willing to take risks."
"\"This is not the kind of service the tech company wants to be providing, and neither is Facebook,\" he said."
"In a statement on its website, the company said, \"The mental health situation in the United States is severe."
"Clinton will also launch a strategy to win on March 23- the first day of the convention- and her financial, campaign and fundraising operation will be completed in July."
"\"We are in contact with the injured and their families and expect them to be released as soon as possible,\" he said."
"Now it's probably going to be one of those days that things don't change and we're down to 10 or 12 players in our team."
"\"Even if they don't go as high as the many small restaurants in the city, there will still be a place for us in Moscow, at least in a few years time,\" he said."
"While Scotland voted for independence, Northern Ireland voted in June 2015 for a deal in which the UK, plus the Republic of Ireland, would hold a second referendum."
"It can just put us in a bad position and we can do something else- we could be back in a very dangerous place again."
"If you're a girl, by all means take it from me, but don't tell me you're not a girl."
"However, after the birth of her first child, he felt that she had a duty to serve."
"It's not the first time such an event has been held in Berlin in less than a year, but it seems to be the first time its return has been in our thoughts."
"He added: \"He has had an incredible response and we've seen significant traffic on this train and the station has been safe."
"\"I knew the things that was really important for me to keep, I knew what the second set would be and I know what you can do,\" she said."
"Now is the perfect time to consider the driver- or, at least, those watching you- and, if you don't plan to drive in 2017, for 2018."
"I want to thank all of you for coming out to your team, to the national teams, your fans, all the players and to all the fans that has made me a citizen of this great country."
"As much as we can focus on what's been done and on how we can get on with the jobs of the next generation, I think people need to understand that."
"This morning he claimed he has received a text message from the victims, who have been staying at his home with family and friends."
"\"If there was a way to prevent them developing depression then that would be a condition under any kind of mental health catch- up,\" she says."
"Asked on Thursday to confirm if he had talked to the FBI about Clinton's emails in their investigation, he said: \"Well, I didn't talk to the FBI until they came in and did their investigation."
"But after falling four points this season, his Eagles offense has been solid in the lead up to the contest."
"They've really stepped up in the last four days and showed they're willing to try something new."
"They have spent less money than other players in those areas, and I don't expect that they will be the first."
"The range in his play has increased from 68 yards to 77 yards (including some wide- open shots) this season."
"It said: \"The date for release is no longer in use but we are interested in continuing to develop this material and, to date, it is not at present being used in a commercial capacity."
"\"I think the A. B. C.\"s most valuable asset is that I had a high- quality player coming through,\" Adams said."
"\"We won't be able to get him [ Ross County ] because he is a kid now and the league is going to change,\" said Young."
"It's important that individuals and their families understand that no matter what the circumstances, you can't take their own life without their consent."
"There is one thing this picture has in common with the pictures of South Korean soldiers who have been shown in the news: those are the men."
"I mean, no one who's ever had a baby should have to tell anybody that they're not perfect."
"She was the victim of a simple act of suicide after six and a half years on the job- adding a touch of dark joy to the life that would eventually seem as it was originally designed."
"I wasn't going to keep playing that long because I didn't want to get hurt and stuff like that."
"A 23- year- old man, who had been married for 28 months, died on Thursday night, while two other women were treated for minor injuries."
"For us, it's going to be a hard one, so we've got to stick together and get through it."
"They remain at it, but I'd prefer to have me but not here, for it means a lot to me."
"If we can turn our growing businesses around over the next few years we are not in a position to compete again."
"But for those who say they would stay put, online dating is not nearly as attractive or as high- profile as other online options."
"Instead of saying \"happy birthday \"that's not a nice thing to do, as some people sometimes do, or say it's too harsh."
"\"I remember the song really well because you can hear the tape with him doing the recording on that one,\" she said."
"\"The experience has been a lot of long sessions with young players and coaches from the French national teams,\" he says."
"The building was designed in the 1970s to house museum and library staff but has been abandoned since then."
"The company was due to release a product earlier this year that would improve it's coverage of cancer in women."
"This month, other attacks targeted supporters and allies of President Bashar Assad in Europe and beyond, and ultimately failed to bring the Syrian leader's regime into account."
"Yet the top spot in the tax list is not thought to be going to the ex- prime minister, Philip Hammond, who is yet to confirm a financial deal."
"\"I know he's been through a bit of pain, so we'll see how it goes,\" Bennett said."
"For me personally, it's just a case of having to cope with everything that's going on in my life."
"\"The decision of the AFL, for the prosecution, is in their hands,\" the independent commission ruled in its ruling statement."
"While both men used a ballot for a presidential run to convince voters in Arizona, Clinton's campaign said she ran alone."
"And though the 28- year- old Mexican hasn't officially joined the Team USA, he believes that \"other players could \"pick him up."
"The fact is that the debates between the candidates have simply increased the pressure to call each other out and argue for a particular side."
"For me, it's about showing that you can create a world of your own and still have fun doing it."
"The university- set up in the 1980s for women from \"naturally \"high- income families has become famous for hosting the most famous students ever."
"\"The executive also supported them with funding to promote better relations with European Union member states, such as Greece,\" he wrote."
"\"We have had to review the lives we have been living and look at what's required to improve life outcomes for people with dementia,\" she says."
"The plan calls for a 2 percent pay increase, and the unions \"will offer a stake of 3 percent for employees receiving raises."
"This season, players were also subject to holiday breaks where they didn't have to play when they went to Australia."
"He may be more on the card for two big- stick events later in the week and hopefully the future takes shape on Thursday and Friday, as events such as this might change."
"He told the Irish Times:'We've got a pretty special bond, we get along well and I enjoy seeing him on screen."
"It said it would add 23 new members this year, bringing the total to nearly 2, 000, mainly committed to science and engineering."
"'Even if the government were in charge, what you will be left with is much more of the same attitude,' he said."
"But instead of having him win one over a four- on- four, I'd love to have him win another four."
"But the big worry is that governments cannot be sure of whether an aircraft has enough fuel to last for much longer."
"We don't know how many people that will be and if there are going to be any jobs at all."
"\"But I said once again I wouldn't have done it,\" he says, \"because if I had done it, I wouldn't have been paid."
"The company has also put in place new equipment and made improvements to its facilities to improve its safety."
"A Scottish Labour source has said there could be a \"new class of tax- paying supporters \"who would not pay top tax on more than \u00a3 50, 000 in income."
"The Labour MP said the risks of Brexit were not just on the government's own to address, but for the broader economy."
"But for the lead up to Thursday's EU referendum the hard reality is, they were together for almost a year and a half."
"Asked about Mr Trump's comments about Obama, he said: \"He has called me before, in the past, and said he doesn't believe what I say."
"While they may not want you to miss out on the benefits of a new or expanded membership, they can still use your company's unique deal with your country to improve their network to find new customers."
"Clinton hopes to increase that lead when she makes a speech on Monday night in South Carolina that will be broadcast on a number of cable television networks."
"'There's just a huge difference in performance and belief when the same facts are handed over to everybody,' she added."
"\"I'm hoping we can put it together the way we've done so far this season,\" Williams said."
"It had already had to give its computer systems back, however, after a court challenge for hundreds of millions of dollars in legal costs."
"By 2014, in the worst economic shock since the global crisis, unemployment in the EU had grown to 14% of the population."
"Three years ago, they wanted to put a 1, 000- mile barrier between their office and the campus."
"But I would say the situation that we're in now, you look at four years ago, we were the worst- paying company in the country."
"A Department of Health spokesman said: \"Our NHS funding is growing at an impressive pace- but it's not enough to fix the problem."
"I wouldn't mind hearing some more, if he can keep up the form he showed in the preliminary round on Sunday."
"His flight was cancelled at the last minute after the driver refused to answer a crowd of tourists while refusing to eat out."
"\"It is a special day and I want to thank everybody for their support throughout this very difficult time,\" she said."
"More than two- thirds, or 78%, of those who wanted an NHS- based payment were still unable to make payments online."
"But this wasn't always the case in Turkey, where anti- migrant laws may be less strict than many expect."
"He has also shown great determination to get things done and deal with any unexpected pressure he might face in the next couple of years."
"If it were, I don't think anybody would have believed that I had such a good time as a house band."
"I don't know what the meaning was at that point, but I think he liked me very much."
"The company confirmed last week that \"significant \"amount of cash has been recovered, and added that the organization is continuing to secure cash."
"Over the weekend, Mr Trump claimed that the US had too much land, declared it a \"sham \"and promised to build a massive wall between Mexico and the US if elected president."
"These results are consistent across the states and territory that voted in the Democratic primary, with the Clinton campaign in particular suggesting that many of them voted for Sanders."
"In September of 2015, the family moved out of their Los Angeles home, taking with them a group of nine children."
"For much of the first season he was far from strong, but with time things get better- and then things get serious."
"\"He is my hero, and I hope he is my friend, but it is not,\" Trump said."
"They were holding the bin on top of his head when he managed to run away, the court heard."
"When you're a girl, she has the confidence to say, \"I got some money,\" but she doesn't necessarily care for that, especially when it's not coming from someone else's chest."
"All these problems are caused by bad international law, which stops people making good international decisions,\" he said in a statement."
"\"People can talk about it openly and even out of fear for the future,\" he said, without citing the tax implications for many."
"I'm back at school now, working on the magazine and creating new projects for the website."
"He has said in the past that he is not a fan of money and his other children are grateful to him."
"The country's ex- prime minister, who has faced a challenge from a centre- right coalition government, has come under pressure from the left."
"They may be waiting to discover who's really behind the events that lead up to the state of emergency being introduced into the national media."
"We know that the Democratic Party has many, many allies, many donors, and I don't know who they are or where they are coming from."
"Speaking about the TV show, he said he did not know how long she would stay as a mother."
"\"I think the boys are doing well in the senior division now so they can get behind us,\" said the 11- month- old."
"We have four different players from where we came from, we are both more comfortable at home, so it will be a very tough day tomorrow."
"\"If I said \"I'm going to run your kitchen \"- there was a little bit of fun there,\" she said."
"I think this should never have come to the House and I think that should be a strong message from the leadership."
"\"When you're in the best shape I've ever been- to be the best player of my life,\" the British international said."
"One of the UK's leading health and social care groups has been criticised for not doing enough to check on the benefit of ministers claiming health care will deliver more than 25 million people, particularly for young people."
"In order to earn the right to compete in the Tour de France, one must have a score of 70 and therefore be on the move."
"There's obviously a sense of a lot of energy, but the passion for the rugby fields is fantastic."
"He was charged with two counts of criminal sexual conduct with a child, two counts of sexual contact with a child and one count of criminal conduct with a child when he allegedly provided an actor with sexual material."
"It's not always easy, especially for a young player, but it's more difficult than I'd have expected."
"When she thought about the big- name models, she noted that so many of those were motivated by a sense of pride or security in the industry."
"I'm still very much in that camp, I'm not being put in a situation where I can't win in order to win on my home ice."
"Since then, the Government has pledged to step up its economic output, which will increase by 2. 4 per cent a year over a longer period."
"In the end, we could just as easily make fun of her, but really we couldn't be sure."
"A source close to the prime minister told The Times he would not attend the meeting, but only if the government was prepared to put him in the front- row seat."
"The last time we had a couple of games with two games under 10 minutes, so that's going to be pretty tough."
"The song also served as a direct message from the president to the US that Obama has made bad decisions."
"The storm, predicted to begin in Northern California's Central Valley early Saturday, passed near its lowest point for nearly five hours."
"I think a lot of people don't get it, that they have all this money all in one account."
"I have asked my wife and child if we can go with her to the American embassy in Ankara in the hope she will be happy and will send a package to the embassy."
"As I've written before, the burden of proof on these allegations lies with the witnesses themselves."
"When women have enough blood on their hands and minds, maybe the time will come when they can start looking in the future and see this is one place that I can make a difference."
"A friend of Mr. Trump brought the businessman along to California to meet with Mr. Sanders, according to people who attended the meeting."
"She made a decision on what she thought was the best law to stand in the way of the rest of her career."
"\"We will keep fighting to save it- and I want to put it to an end,\" he added."
"Not only is it his last opportunity to serve in a domestic capacity, he has just won his second major championship in the process."
"This was Trump's first call to political leaders and the fact that leaders don't usually speak publicly about a campaign can make a lasting impression."
"\"The only way to keep our families safe is to remain focused on our jobs, the economy and our education,\" Mr. Trump said in his budget proposal."
"Trump's decision to do that could have serious consequences for the national security of the United States, he said."
"Mr. Trump says he is focused on winning New Hampshire, a big state where Democrats have not won the last four presidential elections."
"You don't know how long the meeting's going to take and you can't really hold it back."
"The Democrats'major campaign funds were split three ways, with Clinton and Trump receiving the same amount."
"'If you are drinking, you're not thinking that you need to get up to stop it in the middle of the night."
"He's had multiple jobs on and off the field, so I'm sure his eyes, face and voice are all the same."
"He added that \"at some stage, they'd be with me,\" as he and his wife kept the children's names out of the public eye."
"Trump said in his statement that the judges had agreed to rule on the travel ban in the week after it was issued."
"Obama's meeting was at the White House to discuss the financial impact of bringing his wife into the world."
"As you see in all my other work, I get to hear it by sitting in it and I can understand why that is."
"He is keen to reduce his costs by cutting back on his staff and if he sees that his staff has been moved they will not want to do it."
"Meanwhile, the cost of housing, which falls from $ 4. 25 trillion a year to $ 4. 4 trillion a year, remains below the national average of $ 4. 8 trillion a year."
"The 26- year- old is going to be under increased pressure, as is the question of whether he can continue playing at this level in the Premier League."
"She would go back out and do what she did in the second week, and you wouldn't feel sorry for her- the way she does it."
"But it was a meeting with the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Foundation's staff that he played the most important role in-- to her benefit."
"If that [ change ] comes to that, then I will say so as a girl as well as a man."
"Whether or not he gets in, it is hard to get excited about football when your favorite team isn't winning it."
"The German Chancellor on Friday agreed to pull out of the key negotiations over EU membership that have been scheduled for next month."
"In December 2015, the 13- member committee formed a task force to examine Russian activities."
"With over 60 years of research into diet, and a lot more we're trying to do right now."
"The results of the survey have been released online in a set of five hour- long bills that will be available online and on Tuesday."
"She was appointed at the start of the operation in January 2016 but at the end of July it was announced that she would be replaced."
"\"If he tells us it's not good enough, we will immediately drop the case,\" she says."
"Even so, the girl's parents are using it as a vehicle to air their anger, for the moment."
"As a government, he said, he's committed to protecting people from risk because there are no safe spaces."
"As long as they stay at it, one can't help but feel this may well be their last chance of escape."
"So what's coming up on the agenda is this: the need to address the refugee crisis and seek to build a better future for people fleeing conflict and poverty."
"We will need to think about where we are as the second half of the season is going to be as a team."
"\"They may not want to work with my lawyer because of the loss,\" he said, adding that his concern was not for what might happen with his work with the ministry."
"He said when he fell from a third floor window and broke down on the second floor, he also grabbed hold of the window handle."
"The Cruz campaign, meanwhile, sought to point out that the proposal would require the filing of 13 million individual tax returns."
"And we're going to continue to have a very large share of the innovation that we put into the apps."
"I'm grateful that she's here to see that we are getting better all the time and that the federal government is continuing to protect us and clean our water."
"The Guardian understands that the Ministry of Defence will be monitoring the number of homeless people over the next four months."
"I have always thought people who have followed in his lead to think that is probably the most qualified person I have ever worked with."
"In 2015, the Trump campaign also sent out a statement in support of the lawsuit, one of several backed by Democrats."
"It's a really good team, they play a good football team, they have a good run game, they have big balls and you always have a goal,\" he said."
"\"We are better than we were a week ago because we have scored two or three tries,\" he said."
"She and her father found the videos online in the first couple days of the campaign, which was an effort to show Trump's people and ideas with a greater view of them than the many opponents."
"She didn't want to make the hospital in Orange County that much more attractive because of the cost, he added."
"The same risk, if anything, can't be avoided by doing the job first before sitting down with friends and family."
"He also promised that his administration would address the social media problems of women in the workforce who struggle to access a financial services provider."
"\"The United States is not perfect, but it will never be that bad- it has always been,\" Trump said."
"The task of his ministry would be to ensure that such issues don't take up too much of the time he has to spend with ministers."
"However, our research showed that particularly the primary care model is not without its problems- particularly when it comes to primary care members."
"So, the plan is to give up more of that revenue and for us to have people buy into that a little bit."
"Most parts of the city are barely visible, including nearly half of the city's public and private schools, according to the report."
"The leaked question came in response to a report in the Guardian newspaper that all foreign officers were now deployed to fight terrorism."
"However, the prosecutors only provided a 10- year limit on the amount of time the victim could have been in their care."
"I'm still, for all intents and purpose, in jail ; I'm not spending a day in jail."
"I've played two- quarter- hour hours of cricket in the past and I've yet to get a result."
"As Sanders put it, \"we don't have the country to pay for this stuff."
"I had looked at my car and there was a woman in the driver's seat, she was very upset."
"I've seen more than a few fans come here when there aren't a lot of players around and when they do they are generous to the family and just like everyone else is working and getting to the elite level."
"They're going to be taking their responsibility to their customers, not the shareholders, and that's what's really good."
"The long- term economic benefits of EU membership are clear to anyone who is a citizen of Ireland."
"It will be a different play if they come to Real Madrid and they won't know what they are seeing if they played with the same coach as against Barcelona."
"\"What happens is we put in a qualifying program where you have to be at a good level to qualify for the final, so we just need to get a good result for our team,\" he added."
"It just so happens that it's taken a long time for her to return to the heart of the conflict, and as she does she will struggle to find a way to open it."
"What you're seeing on this video today is what happened yesterday morning, not how you saw it on the social media that day."
"She had always said she wanted to be a reporter, but she was so self- determined to stay on."
"\"We've never had anything like that,\" says Roger Davies, vice- chairman of the board of directors."
"She's been telling everyone that this is a life she lives by, and we all need to stand up for ourselves."
"So, in order to help you build your support, here are some of the things you can do to support your bills while you're sitting here."
"When she was 12 she found it difficult to get a job, despite her needs, so in 2009 she started teaching English at a Catholic school."
"But the opposite has happened in the UK, where the new Prime Minister, Theresa May, has said that EU citizens \"can't get here \"until they are settled in the UK."
"By turning their cameras on more often, they had better photos of the main characters, as well as more screen- time."
"As a matter of fact, the only person who has ever looked at me after a holiday is you."
"\"I just said to him, \"Well, this is your problem and I've got to fix it,\" \"he said."
"You always know that you are going to have to win games after these ones because it is never going to be easy in the Olympics."
"\"He's a good person and I'm sure he's able to handle some stuff,\" Anderson said."
"But if your power doesn't go into action, such as your face, you'll have to take a decision about what you want to get done."
"Still, I was able to stay positive as a third week, and it brought a lot to the conversation, which is why I think it's still a great choice for me."
"I'm still trying to figure out where I want to take my life from, and that's pretty serious stuff."
"For instance, would you change the way that ISIS's strategy for making money is limited to attacking cities in the Middle East?"
"For the first time, we showed him again the ground in a city where 100 per cent of the population lives."
"In total, North Carolina passed the measure, which is largely considered to be the state's largest abortion bill passed in the US."
"If you have applied for a white card before, no problems in getting it on."
"We've got some fantastic talent that wants to see these numbers go up, but if you look at a club you have got to wait and see."
"The size of our country is a good thing because if you know what we can do, we'll do it and I think that's where you can grow the country."
"Our aim as a family is always to raise money to pay for our own family for Christmas... I am so lucky to be able to raise so much."
"The fact that so many people didn't realize that you weren't a Republican was not unusual- but was much greater than expected."
"\"If the government does decide to go to the media this afternoon, the people who say they will, the people won't know what the government is going to do,\" he said."
"The deal may end up falling apart- many of the firms, particularly, China's, will have to play by different rules."
"A Foreign Office spokesman said, \"The Royal family has a legal right to claim for victims of human rights violations."
"\"The Secretary also heard evidence that the circumstances of those events, including the impact of the airstrikes, have been in question since mid- July,\" he said."
"If you had asked me where I could start today, I might have mentioned Sweden, where I can now have a proper laugh."
"There's a lot of teams that were being put out there who have shown their vision of what you have to do for this game."
"Yet it also took hold in Germany, where seven of the state's 17 federal prosecutor's offices have been shut down in a series of investigations over the past year."
"In 2011, he returned to Spain, where he still lives with his three daughters and six sons, and returns to his city with his sons."
"The collapse of the city brought with it a wave of refugees fleeing war and poverty and many carrying most of the country's housing stock."
"I'm quite pleased with it, and really enjoyed the day in the first session so far."
"'I've been looking after her since she left the country last year, and she was taken care of yesterday."
"Still, these numbers may not show up in every clinic, but they are significant enough that they can be used to prevent or treat all types of infections."
"'I love where my people live, and when they first start a conversation, I always agree,' she said."
"It's not just about health: it's also about wanting to spend money on something that would make you proud."
"For many many people, it is almost a set- back- that is meant to allow you to go on, just not as much as you would want."
"In 1996, the Detroit Free Press reported that police were accused in one case of allowing women to stay in a sleeping bag at a Detroit police station for several days without their consent."
"But she also understood that far from it coming from them, it was something to do with my faith in God."
"A key decision was whether all the students were entitled to care, not just the seven percent."
"For the second- largest city in Spain, the largest police force, there are seven bombings every day in four days."
"All three female front- row players, both 18, were signed on a free transfer before Monday's event."
"We all made it work, but in the end, we both knew we had to make a movie about what had happened to me."
"Even after I turned 18, I'd start going to school to get my general education and then go to university, so I don't mind going on holiday to do it."
"It said it was \"on guard \"about being used by the police on political rallies because the use of such weapons is illegal in some EU member states."
"It's a race in which Americans have the most influence over how the president acts on guns, a political moment that will draw Democrats and gun rights advocates on the issue."
"I could not imagine not thinking about it in terms of how I would live if I didn't become the parent I am today."
"That looks like a pretty important position to have and I'd love to be a part of the moment in my career."
"\"The mission was like you could actually see [ it ], it was incredible,\" he said."
"But if our health care system is in good shape or we are under pressure to reform or move us from a model that will work- then it's time to come clean."
"The fact that Bernie Sanders has held steady in the polls is as good an indication as any that he is going to be the candidate of the working class for the next seven years."
"The photographer was fired after reporting from a bus that had crashed, and refused to let go for safety reasons."
"\"I'll come down to the sand and I'll give you what you need, but I'll give you what you need: like tennis shoes,\" she said."
"Even when members have heard clearly that the new law is needed, they are not happy with the way they are now receiving funding."
"He was originally from Glasgow but moved to Australia in 2008 and joined his father Scott and four- year- old brother Tom."
"The United States estimates about 9, 000 civilians have been killed and about 2, 000 injured so far this year."
"In the second half, we got to the game and we knew we needed to get those chances at a moment's notice."
"That suggests that foreign banks generally won't need to run the business at all if it's the last resort and that the decision to sell the business isn't yet made."
"It's a system that is essentially an effort to elect Clinton- and an effort to silence Bernie Sanders."
"I hope that it's no different to the old girls \"club in India where she became a girlfriend."
"Trump spent much of the debate in Mexico, where he spent the majority of the day and a full three hours there, traveling through the country and on buses."
"He has been praised, as much for his political potential as for his war on drugs- and he could probably put himself in a position of that power."
"But now I am actually able to go back and take pictures of people who aren't here- and that's good!"
"He'll have to make his full recovery from a shoulder injury, but the team has a solid guard group on the roster."
"The whole thing has been something of a crazy run, where we've played 15 games in a week."
"The committee has urged other Commonwealth governments to increase infrastructure spending on tourism and promote cheaper direct flights between New Zealand and Australia."
"We are now doing that study on the principles, but what we have left now is a new approach and a new way of thinking about how we need to manage our businesses."
"All three clubs, both of which are on a three- day home tour, travelled to Asia with a weather- related non- event."
"Russia had also complained about the nature of the deal and the sanctions imposed by the Obama administration as well as the fact that the Obama administration has yet to impose a formal one."
"Sanders \"pay would be paid over a three- year period, the top of which would be a guaranteed $ 250, 000 or $ 400, 000 over three years."
"In 2014, several city agencies and residents groups were concerned about the way the temperature in some parts of the town was rising."
"\"It's the first time since [ we won the English League ] in 2006 we have had three or four men for five games,\" he says."
"That means the uncertainty that the $ 10, 000 wind farm is going to bring for home users would be at least a foot in the air."
"We can't actually engage with foreign policy, nor is there any real opportunity for a serious debate about anything."
"We set ourselves up with that view that things could go the way of the west, as it would take too long."
"As you know, you can't start a competition with one medal from the past and achieve something like this."
"I've known plenty of players and they have all failed and failed as well but that's what I have to accept and take on at every opportunity."
"The residents \"basement was heavily damaged after a fire swept through the building in October, and at least 21 people were arrested."
"He says he isn't interested in the history, even though he has lived in Madrid and is a close friend."
"The new jobs, which will increase employment to 3. 8 million and expand the community's jobs base to about 5. 7 million by the end of this fiscal year, represent opportunities for the businesses."
"Last month Mr Putin urged the Ukrainian president, Petro Poroshenko, to end the fighting and end the continuing violence in eastern Ukraine."
"In 2013, the Metropolitan Police broke up the branch for two reasons: One was that the vast majority of its members were male."
"If they (we) want to have them in a red dress then they'll have to be British women,\" she said."
"Even though I could remember the last picture, and I was already so happy when he told me that I was beautiful,' she said."
"He worked all summer on the beach, and then we thought it was his life ; we kept him a longer time, just to make sure it was him and not us."
"\"The recent killing of a six- year- old girl in a car in a rural area, more than five miles from her home, has triggered an international debate and drawn criticism from governments across the world,\" he said."
"\"She left us a lot in the back and didn't give me the chance to come back,\" he said."
"And so it has continued to grow for the past 15 years, to more than 11, 000 people today."
"But something very special happened when I went into the emergency department and watched people there being told they couldn't go home."
"If I can't stand this reality, it's time to go to hell,\" the 46- year- old man said."
"'When you look back on the side that you were born in, I can't think of a single look I ever came across that was like that."
"It's time to stop \"trying to sell \"tens of millions of dollars worth of property, build and rent your buildings."
"The figures show that African Americans made up 41% of the voting population during the primaries and 22% during the election."
"Before you set out on your journey, it's important to know who you're heading to before you go."
"She said: \"What I did said is that the only way we had to stay on is through a community- led process."
"While the win is great news for Christie, he warned his effort to catch up with Trump in Wisconsin was a mistake."
"\"He was the first guy I had to meet and I kept waiting to get married,\" Johnson said."
"This must be a time when you can get the chance to talk about good old times with the president- elect."
"The new figures are based on 2015- 16 gross domestic product (GDP) data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York."
"You don't want to stop kids being to themselves or not to be affected by not doing your job, you don't want to stop them being affected by what they're exposed to."
"In just a matter of days, 600 people were arrested on German soil, dozens charged with crimes ranging from attempted murder to murder."
"It was added to the list of 100 most important names for the 2016 US presidential election, according to the Washington Post."
"Of course, that is not the point of this consultation, but instead of making up their own minds about what the plans will mean for them they must also make sure that they are all set to do all they can to achieve it."
"At first, the guards were afraid to touch my feet, and they would just laugh and wave at me."
"The final season of the BBC show will end on Thursday, March 27 with a 7 p. m. Eastern time Eastern time the official match on ABC and CBS for the semi- finals."
"The outlook for the state market so far in the quarter is solid, though there is still a bit of uncertainty around that."
"An executive board will come into play on Monday, and the shareholders will vote on whether to keep shares."
"The study, published in the journal, was conducted on more than 15, 000 women between the ages of 30 and 70."
"The line has been taken out, but there's still four years left on the contract, and if he's able to sign it and play well we'll give him a lot of money."
"She added that the trust is working with them to address any concerns, but the trust remains in touch with me and is preparing to hold a referendum."
"'I've never been an artist- I've only been training for a couple of years, and I had to choose where to study."
"The students are planning to come over and see the director, who will be joined by their father and grandfather."
"This picture is about the only one I have ever seen in which the horse is seen to have been left behind by the sun."
"\"I hope that in the upcoming months we can have a look at it and see how it was,\" he said."
"The world is interested in the one thing that I believe in and that is fighting for the future of our country."
"Both have the best shot at reaching the Stanley Cup final, though they're second in the series on the other end of the ice."
"A former United manager, Graham was caught using customers and colleagues to hit scores in the hope of getting money back."
"We always want to win as much as we can so we have to find out on Thursday if we're going to change it at all."
"Some of the people that took part in the EU referendum in June were pro- European, many of them out of favour."
"But what they really wanted was the ability to feel like a side, and to do whatever they wanted with it."
"All parents should be aware that this law could quickly turn into a high court case if this case goes to court, given all the other factors in the picture."
"I've only had to go back and see a doctor about it so I'm pretty sure it's been a long time since I've had to be away from home."
"\"I would like to see lots of policies that look at population and security, but then focus more on economic issues,\" he said."
"That's why we want a long- term deal with the UK and that's why we're going to the EU today,\" she said."
"In addition, he said, in its last week, the State Department has requested two foreign travel documents from nearly 50 countries."
"It's not just about how to look \"perfect \"to the world, but what makes it feel \"perfect,\" he says."
"But I have never been able to shake off that shadow, as it has allowed me to take my place, to play a part, a contribution, in something that I should not be able to have my own."
"You are certainly welcome to go and do your own interviews with us, but I don't believe that we will ever be a part of anyone else's- which is why I'm so sure that you have two tickets to us."
"The man also has to pay the court costs, which can range from \u00a3 2, 000 to \u00a3 3, 000, because the college believes they could be expensive for the girl's education."
"It's also crucial that we actually get people ready to sign up to the program and we try to avoid encouraging people who don't want to sign up for it."
"I have never been to the World Cup final since, so if that tournament is so important to me, then I'll be there."
"It was also the first time the US government has acknowledged what it says to be its failure to tackle the whole human side of a nuclear weapons problem."
"These places are real and I want to show that they will keep people coming and giving me their time."
"I've been looking for an opportunity to put the farm out there but I'm always looking for that opportunity."
"All of this meant Hillary Clinton and her husband, former president Bill Clinton, couldn't get their immigration message across at the convention."
"I'll be doing it in my own way, in a very committed way, with a very high degree of focus on who you are and your journey."
"Of the 25 adults, 6 were within the three- month mark, with 12 in the four- to six- year cycle."
"If you have to say whether your religion has no place in this democracy, be one step ahead of people on the other."
"But the best information for people using such a service comes from using real time without a computer to update existing insurance policies."
"It didn't matter that I wasn't on it in the match but I was pretty angry with my teammates for taking it all on."
"Yet even Trump's own view is that the international community and NATO should do more to counter Islamist terrorism."
"While the Texas senator has pledged to bring \"the least amount of taxes \"to US soil, he has promised to stay in the race even if there's no Democratic candidate."
"However, that does not always mean the common good will improve in the short term."
"The State Department said Friday that if it were needed, an all- party- committee meeting had been set for Monday."
"We do know they were not given a home like we know they would have come from, but that's the way it is."
"I love the state, I will always try to help the small time people here ; but do you understand what it is we are here for?"
"That includes many of our Republican voters, who have been very involved with the campaigns of every major candidate up and down the ticket for years."
"The bad news for Rubio is that it is unlikely to extend his primary campaign, in which he could lose some of his primary voters."
"Of course, the magic only has meaning when you find yourself having to choose between a two- bedroom apartment and a flat."
"The way the people they work with are so nice, the people who love them the most... will celebrate with you."
"The U. S. interior secretary, which is being made up of the vice president and defense secretary, was in Houston to meet with Trump and tech executives."
"While hundreds of thousands took to the streets in protest last year, many said they feared they could not go back to home communities or schools."
"It will open up the details of a private incident report to third party investigators who will investigate the incident more closely than what the council has ever provided."
"The bloc's leaders agreed to strengthen controls in order to keep power between the governments to three years."
"You're going to get a chance to actually prove to the people what we are about, and that you can grow your business."
"'It's not as if the military doesn't need an explanation, just like the police don't need explanation to make sure a police officer does what they have to do."
"He won't let the use of deadly force on another person affect his decision whether to charge or kill."
"Many of the hundreds of millions of dollars raised by this documentary has gone to pay for a $ 7, 000 education for American girls."
"In order to prevent this from happening in this way it needs to be raised as soon as possible, so I can't make this up."
"They discovered she had been brought up with the idea of traveling back to Europe after her father died at sea."
"This law- which also raises fines for drugs that people use illegally- was introduced because it would have prevented thousands of people from getting sick from illegal use."
"The best time to reach for your phone as soon as you can but you don't have to when you're searching."
"I can only give a little indication of how much I hate the movie, because there's lots of characters to work with."
"The speaker, who declined to be named, said his office would continue to defend his team for what they're doing in the coming weeks."
"Trump was reported to be spending $ 30, 000 a day on travel during the GOP's day of stops in both cities."
"In response, he will also \"decide, and he will have to decide whether to follow the action of the great, important and important people of the world."
"And I was like, this is what people just have to understand about the fact that he can play there, he can play all over the place."
"Over the long term, we'd probably probably do well to keep our budget in the range of \u00a3 7 million to \u00a3 7. 5 million a year,\" he said."
"A parent should be able to return to school and leave it if they feel safe and out- of- school."
"With the popularity of the global Internet, the market for sophisticated devices is expanding, too, and it's no wonder companies have decided to take the extra time to sell their devices."
"Those researchers concluded that the signal came from the sun, but it came to earth- a theory popular with many scientists."
"He was originally arrested in Belgium and released on bail but now faces up to five years in jail and a fine of up to $ 1. 5 million."
"A fight broke out at the shop a couple of times, and then the incident was caught on video- at least five people were injured."
"But perhaps the thing that made him realize that \"I need to be somewhere and not know who I am has been the most important thing."
"A man said the girl was taken to a hospital for a check- up where she died of her injuries."
"A few cars went off the road and we were trying to catch up with them, but they shot at us."
"\"The nuclear security environment poses a real threat to a global energy supply,\" said a United Nations- approved UN report on the issue."
"For a time in his first half, Walker made it 2- 1 and the score was 2- 2 with 2: 14 remaining."
"I don't think I've ever had to be the person he is today, and so that was tough."
"It didn't give me any financial gain, as I was serving one- year terms, so I was still quite happy."
"Even worse, the Canadian president is not eligible to hold the post, a scenario that could lead to a conflict between the two countries."
"More than seven in 10 voters, or 45 percent, think the economy is poor, while 43 percent of voters think it's great."
"This year we are committed to bringing the industry a return of 50 per cent to production levels- it was back to levels that were possible four years ago."
"\"You were telling me the way I would hear it- I'd heard it before and it was coming from me,\" he said."
"\"He wants to get the message out, and I'm hoping we will see the world better,\" the boy said."
"I thought he was strong and a bit strange for a guy that is on the same page with Donald Trump."
"But on the other hand, it just seems like a waste of time and money to bring the debate to a turning point."
"There are a lot of things I haven't done as a black woman, and it just just happened that way."
"Mr Johnson said: \"If there's been a small bit of calm we might not have faced any serious consequences, but it's one area where we're clearly prepared for that."
"I know that as a football fan I want to win, but what if we could go one step further and become champions or not?"
"Trump did not mention Cruz in his remarks, instead holding back the issues to say that he would speak about the former president."
"We have got a lot of options and opportunities to take all three points and take them to Edinburgh as we have done this year."
"And in the end we'll deal with that for now,\" he told reporters during a campaign stop in Ohio."
"But far from being the strongest economic response, the Chinese response has been short- term reaction, too."
"In fact, someone might say they have a better way of dealing with a job as an assistant manager."
"The interior ministry expressed surprise at the killings, saying at the time that the main focus of foreign media and society was aimed at the Islamic State."
"The government wanted a deal that would secure its share of the $ 4. 2 billion in international funding the city had already raised."
"\"We don't know what happened but it's clear we have a poor housing situation and we need to get out of this,\" she said."
"After giving up on a children's clothing store in south- west London, the woman went back to the store and started the relationship."
"In fact, it may well be the whole system will run on its own or come up with a system with all of its own speed limits."
"People who don't have cars, so it's an important time for you and your children to get started and move into your new life."
"But the club were aware of the leak before the fight had been put to the authorities, and continued to investigate the situation."
"In his 22- year career with the Rangers, he has missed four games and missed seven games in the playoffs, and he will be out of action for the final four games of the season, due to a leg injury."
"U. S. military officials said they were searching for a number of civilians who had not been seen since Sunday."
"She also noted that, compared with the North, the Democratic Party has won the largest share of black voters."
"A police spokeswoman said she could not comment on whether officers were investigating any deaths because they were still investigating the circumstances of the killings."
"He doesn't like to do anything that could put us in a bad position, and we've just done it."
"The Social Security Trust Fund has been criticized by the President for raising cash and raising taxes on the wealthy."
"Maybe he'll keep improving this week, and just see how he plays in the third, but I don't think he's too far from full strength."
"Police are still trying to determine the cause of the attack and the extent of the damage but would not reveal any further details about the extent of injuries to those injured."
"During a visit to Melbourne on Monday, Mrs Abbott made a personal plea to Donald Trump, the presidential candidate, to get a better handle on the UK's relationship with the United States."
"Earlier this month, another group of migrants, however, were targeted by anti- migration police and arrested on suspicion of murder."
"\"The King thinks that he's got a character and there's also this opposite sentiment: If there's a king, there's a king,\" he said."
"Mr Cameron has said he will not be able to \"leave the single market without the UK leaving the European Union,\" leaving the EU within the terms of its own laws."
"\"I think it's a really good challenge and I feel like I can contribute to a team that is going to be very good,\" he added."
"Here are the most shocking comments she's made in the video, and why she should have a bigger chance of winning."
"I was looking forward to the wedding and felt really proud of what I had achieved so far, which was just getting married off the back of a good book."
"The US has invested almost $ 3 billion in developing the space industry, China- and the $ 1 billion for commercial flights."
"In one incident, one man allegedly tried to approach his girlfriend with a knife before fleeing into a nearby parking lot."
"You don't have to play to have the same quality but I can definitely see it in the next season- so I want to start to bring that."
"As such, the Labour Party should consider how to deal with the challenges in Europe as well as our wider global situation."
"They're doing something in life that they shouldn't be doing, and their lives get less interesting if we talk about it."
"I'd say it's a winner- that's the beauty of it- we don't need anyone telling us they're that keen to know us."
"It is a big responsibility to try and create something in their thoughts as well, so that there is not anything in your mind that you want to repeat the game."
"\"Every day of my life, for the last seven months or so, I feel like I'm kind of waiting to hear how the political process will go,\" she said."
"He didn't want to just know there was only one uniform- it didn't have to be that way."
"What follows should be the team's biggest test, one that is designed to have a big impact on them and their fans."
"The two sides were widely discussed between late July and early August, when the two agreed on a peace settlement."
"\"My family and I can't say a thing right now because of the contract... but I know that people will always love us,\" he says."
"He told BBC Radio 4 \"s Today programme:'It was tough but when I started I realised there wasn't going to be a record at this point."
"To be at the crown this season, both teams needed to play their heads up and finish third in the division."
"When Mr Erdogan asked him what he should do to repair relations with Russia, he revealed that he could only help with one option."
"So it's still the same exact set of skills but we've been training so well that we're now getting to use them."
"There's no question that Americans look to Russia for good news and bad news, but what impact does it have on how they operate on a day- to- day basis?"
"I think for many of us, even though we might not be able to afford a retirement- that's why we're able to fund it."
"There's no reason why we shouldn't have whatever controls and tools we have to do what we're doing."
"But it is more important to have a group of investors ready to share on the ground what's going on."
"Still, there is an opportunity for another trip to Mars- and an opportunity for a trip to Mars to help us discover more about the underlying energy in life."
"And while the Trump train might be on the way out, we want to keep driving it-- and not think about whether it is running on time."
"It's too early to determine how this will play out, but now is the time to work with someone."
"As I'm on stage and working with young children, I don't think you can have any sort of optimistic outlook on the world."
"We know that many of our young men and women are working longer hours but no one can touch us and we have been offered free school meals to help pay for the school holidays for them."
"He has the right to quit the presidency and negotiate any of the various deals before leaving the presidency."
"This is good news for all of us, and especially considering that the music industry has grown so fast over the last several decades."
"I know it feels strange for him to walk so far away from me and his family so often, but I can't help but smile at the memory."
"\"We are getting messages of poverty in southern England but none for the north west of England,\" she said."
"But to run a $ 1. 7- billion business, Tesla would need the help of much more than its CEO."
"The court heard police had been conducting a search of a flat and a property at the time of the theft on a number of occasions."
"One family which is not Catholic at all, does not deserve to have a right to have that child, to have that child, and this will continue in my lifetime."
"It is a lot to do, it is a lot to pull on and if you win, you just want to keep on doing it."
"On Friday he told a judge the European Commission must take concrete action to ensure he would not continue in Brussels."
"And if you're trying to make a safe buy, you can't easily sell the less dangerous option of selling."
"\"I have no doubt that they are telling the truth and, no, no, not being able to stop the criminal investigations, is going to result in consequences that were never intended,\" he told MPs."
"The Government has said that on Saturday Parliament would start a new session of parliament and before we had official legislative reports out in September."
"But that's not happening in every time, because we are only going to get better and better,\" he said."
"It is crucial that companies continue to invest in improving their bottom lines and can do this by going about their business."
"I spent five years reading and watching it, but I could never imagine a book like this, so I finally gave it a go."
"And I am very much in favor of Brexit because it would mean a world without the European Union and a world without America, where we can do more things together."
"They're not really going to tell you what to do but it will take a few hours- and possibly weeks- for them to get to the point where they are prepared to do it."
"When I had finally seen the tape, I couldn't understand why no one had recorded it, or why it hadn't made the list."
"The report says that in light of the difficulty of funding several UK- wide health facilities, \"employee activity, education levels, and training levels have more of an impact than sector- wide factors \"at hospital level."
"This move, as well as the difficulty of finding books in the library, has left many unable to open them, or give them away."
"The idea of selling a relatively small collection has created a new battle at its heart, with many users arguing it isn't worth it."
"You never know what he's going to do next, but we just can't wait for this opportunity."
"If it's legitimate, people want to know if it's being followed or not, so, people will be less surprised at their friend not being invited."
"Speaking before her running mate, Hillary Clinton, who just four days earlier had vowed to pursue a presidential run in the fall, the 49- year- old received strong backing from Mr. Trump."
"It's something that you have to try to know if you want to play, and I have been working very hard on training and putting more time into every day."
"'It's my job to treat her as I would like to do my job,' he said."
"He called on prosecutors not to pursue the case, despite the fact that \"other witnesses \"are giving the police much- needed information."
"From a number of sources, it's probably very unlikely that he would say anything at all- probably just to keep himself in check."
"\"The fact that I had two women with me made it so easy for him to get a very good look,\" Ms May said."
"'The courts of British Columbia and the Western Australian government have been unable to say that this year's school year will end and will start again, but we are being told that we are not allowed to be part of it."
"But, based on the amount of infrastructure, that's a much more difficult thing to guarantee when such trips are typically hosted by Google or Virgin."
"But as Trump aides have put it, \"we've done it anyway, because we are not Trump, and we are not our country,\" she said."
"The birth of the women is two years away and it's understood that there will be major medical and other infrastructure delays."
"The new homes will be worth more than $ 1 million each for buyers from a previously owned property and more than $ 1 million for those bought from a previous owner."
"It has no regulation on pay, and until a big- dollar equity fund was created in 1993, managers paid its owners half the fees."
"According to the Mail on Sunday: \"There is no reason why ministers cannot decide when Britain leaves the European Union which areas to cut down on."
"We try to make our performances exciting- for the fans- so we can make it as exciting for them as possible."
"It says it needs to focus on its advertising revenue and the push into more high- speed video streaming."
"That's when you realise you're missing out, and your parents aren't getting the same opportunities as you are."
"This week, for instance, he put David Cameron in the \"dark \"about his vision for a second referendum on membership of the EU."
"Their opposition is a list of 13 big, expensive projects the city's developer has applied for approval, it said."
"It's for those on the planet- if you think about it- what if you had not known a thing about Mars, you'd be thinking of people in the rain."
"And I suspect I've already spoken about that from all of my friends who were sitting in the stands and were able to use their phones."
"And it's worth looking at the original artists and teams who have never left New York City."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was not injured and was rushed to a local hospital with minor injuries."
"He said:'I think this is a reason why the only way to protect us is to get out of here."
"He is the type of guy who doesn't give up, and he is eager to learn because he can't afford to give up that long."
"It is not hard to imagine, as Mr Romney's campaign has pointed out, that even if Mr Obama wins Michigan, Hillary Clinton will still win it."
"\"I love doing this week's movie and it will give me the opportunity to make things interesting for kids all over the country,\" he said."
"I'm proud of where I am as a player because it's like this moment for me and it's going to be tough."
"I was under 13 when I got the letter, and it still sat on my stomach for years."
"Some 37% of the total gender vote for men's tennis in the 2015 quarter- final, while 70% of the total gender vote for women's tennis in the 2015 quarter- final."
"The first women from North Korea who have entered the South Korean economy-- and the first women from Africa to do so-- to try the visa process."
"The war has left more than 4, 000 people killed and wounded, according to the UN, and the \"worst humanitarian crisis \"in the Middle East."
"That I could be sitting at home doing those things with my family in order to keep a secret that I was not married to my husband and that he was still alive."
"If he's tried to call his sister that'd be a problem, but he doesn't seem to care."
"\"I am afraid that the EU will not be able to achieve its purpose,\" said Mr Hunt, who was given new powers in his role last year."
"Her parents were in the same boat, she says, because the wife of the woman she killed had, like all the people she had hurt, also been a reporter for a magazine."
"\"I think I've done a decent job but when I got here, it's not the best of times,\" he said."
"\"If we want to stay in the EU we've got to act because I'm sure we're going to get a very special deal,\" he said."
"A number of Conservative MPs have come forward to tell the High Court that they were forced to sign a commitment to not vote in the fight against the EU referendum."
"The Democratic candidate continued: \"It's one thing to say to your son that Donald Trump is the most dangerous person in this country."
"The United Nations Security Council met on Monday to discuss Syria, where U. S.- led coalition planes are bombing the rebels fighting President Bashar al- Assad, and the Security Council will vote on its future."
"If it happened to them or a relative, that's up to you, but for the parents, it's up to you, too."
"He also believes that this could be the closest to a good deal for Trump after the New York Times published a story on his bid last week."
"The district board is at the same time considering a proposed bill which would protect drivers with enough insurance to cover up to five years of sick- driving without going through a criminal record check."
"As expected, economists said there was a large impact on manufacturing and the services sector as the strong dollar pushed supply and demand."
"A lot of guys have been here before but I'm not in the squad, so I have to keep it that way."
"He had been rushed to a nearby hospital with serious injuries, but survived at the Children's Hospital in Baltimore where he was treated for his injuries."
"The company's share price rose as much as 3 percent to $ 36. 80 following the announcement of the bond auction."
"The company said its battery remained solid, and that demand for more capacity in next year's market was expected to be as high as 9 million."
"The sales were mostly in the South West and West Yorkshire regions, where many of the babies are found."
"It's really important for everyone who has had a chance to hear what's happened to the Flint water team."
"It is nearly 30 years since Turkey first sent troops into Syria to help destroy the Islamic State group."
"However, I feel quite confident and certain that I'm going to finish at the top of this, which is the main reason I made the decision to start from the back."
"This information is limited, in part because there is no proof that a pipeline was ever targeted, and it is too early for any prosecution."
"The Local / By Mail investigation found that nearly 1, 000 cases of lead paint were identified during the period as a result of civil partnership proceedings."
"But it wasn't an easy task because most of them are working as kids and want to learn."
"\"I've enjoyed every day of my life,\" he told The Associated Press during his 10- day drive on a Tuesday."
"More than 80% of farmers in Britain were behind in terms of the amount they produced, with 17. 5% of world export earnings coming from their UK operations."
"I couldn't remember how many children it had been for, but she was probably 18,\" he said, looking at his wife and children at the television news room."
"The company had increased the number of children who can go to school by 11% over the same period."
"We've been in different races this year and we've been able to put in in an improvement to where we need to go."
"Once my children were 18, and I did read them, I didn't like them, so I told them I had learned about her politics."
"It's estimated that those who successfully completed high school ended the school year with higher odds of a high school education than those who failed."
"Trump in a New York Times interview said there was \"a lot of outrage in New York \"about that tape and said he won the endorsement of the president- elect."
"We had this situation a year ago where we had issues with marijuana smoking and legal access to it."
"If the part of this record- breaking collection we are looking at could be in quality, it is an important historic finding."
"Because of how it worked, or how it was designed, the science that happened later on was right in the middle of the ocean and had to be reviewed."
"During the first half of the recent campaign, Clinton and Trump struggled to break their seven deficit points, and Clinton managed just one difference."
"But we want this to be a game to go home with and we've got to make sure we let the crowd out of our way."
"I don't know, I'm going to keep working like a horse, I don't want to go through that."
"For the first time, most American voters don't believe his statements on trade and other issues, with a majority among all voters saying they're not likely to support him."
"In the past several weeks, I have personally heard from the Trump family and friends of the President- elect about how they have been targeted by these organizations."
"But I said to him that I would work my heart out and that we would be a very important place for the city."
"You know what, I love her so much, but I wouldn't have done it with her if I thought there were certain standards in her to live by."
"The first person to take care of the government's infrastructure is Labour's David Davis, but much has been done to build a good state."
"And while Google and Apple share data centers across the world, the company has already invested in two in Spain and Italy."
"And the use of a 10- second round- even though you are speaking to a much greater number of people."
"According to the document, the country faces \"a natural need \"for new air pollution standards, the highest since the 1990s."
"I told him to do the show, and he said he could never do it again because I couldn't keep it."
"If they did not get a share of the firm's profits, the state could offer a portion to shareholders in return."
"\"We don't have a chance to win it this week if we play in this league again, that's it,\" he said."
"It's up to the British people to have a vote on whether the SNP can go their own way in Scotland."
"If you didn't understand your current situation, or failed to learn from your mistakes, or are in need of help, call the police immediately."
"That also represents a low- cost device that will be provided to the public only through the District of Columbia in part through a financial guarantee."
"\"What we've seen so far in the two- way case is that there's no clear winner,\" he said."
"After the approval, of course, the dispute between business groups and the board will probably end up being settled, though there is still a matter of where the deal will end up."
"\"If you're under age 16, or an 18- year- old, you are still in line to qualify,\" she said."
"However, it has been suggested that someone would still have to support him with the money to support the business and it could not have achieved that."
"When the party secured his seat, it appeared that they could not form a coalition with the opposition."
"A fact check on the bill is expected to be in effect for the next few weeks but not before lawmakers decide how to pass it."
"Last month, Paris said it would step up security in response to rising terrorism attacks and said it would also raise the terror threat level to a new seven."
"\"I didn't care about whether he thought I'd have a good impression or not- that's what they showed me,\" she said."
"Mr Johnson is also not the only politician to join on the campaign trail- Labour's new leader Jeremy Corbyn also won the backing of some leading figures."
"The full fund will be cut in half, which is the average cut in the NHS since 1999- there are not enough resources to deal with all the health costs."
"But the mood of many has changed: the majority are turning on the government in support of leaving the EU."
"The three officials, on the ground inside the property, were not able to identify the man as yet, but officials had been able to hear the man's voice for more than 20 minutes."
"It takes a bit of time but once you get out there you realise how strong the Welsh are as a side."
"Trump has struggled to establish his core values, and while many white working- class voters support him, they're not as against his candidate as he wants to be seen to be."
"A little- known Broadway production of Daniel Craig's book \"The Crown \"was to take place in 2017."
"No matter who you are, you will be fine, you'll be fine, you'll be fine."
"Police Scotland have released footage of a man they believe to have been hit by a car in Glasgow in the run- up to the terror attack."
"I think it's really important that people are aware of who they are and can accept who they are,\" she says."
"We think it's good to be involved in the work that we're doing so we all get along just like our parents."
"The man, known as the \"bathroom lady \"thought the men were visiting a friend, police said."
"And with those immigrants, it's great for our economy as well as our security, and the more Americans can come to this country from Mexico, the safer it is for them."
"He said: \"It's amazing what could have happened in the past but it's important to remember it happened."
"They had the profile of a gang fighting an animal- hunting team from Germany, someone they knew who would deal the wrong end of the criminal justice system, another German, a child."
"The fifth- generation Kansas girl was spotted at the park along with her friend, who disappeared one month before."
"And this year, we are set to have more on offer as the EU provides funding to tackle youth unemployment in France."
"There's plenty to say in terms of what we're going to do, but it's important to show the community that we can do things in our communities."
"It is not, however, as if countries, including those playing the European Union, are required to form trade blocs or even to discuss new regulations."
"\"We have been around for a while and never have had any problems with a little accident,\" said the source."
"If Britain remains in the EU, though, it will find it impossible to pursue a political union with Europe."
"Maybe that's how you're going to prepare for the next game in a good way, maybe that's why he's been so good."
"\"To leave it so late in a rain forest is just not working in this model,\" she says."
"The producer said this was the biggest single episode of its eighth season, and the show would continue in its regular post- season schedule."
"At one point, when my parents were in prison, I'd watch television while I played baseball, and I'd remember the games."
"I like a lot of people and to be honest I wish I didn't know where she was because she would just be all that and the ones she knew."
"But the more intense the pain, the harder it was for the men to keep moving forward, because the pain was not so great."
"\"I'm not a huge fan of the 90- minute television show,\" the senator said in an interview Tuesday."
"On foreign policy, Kaine put Sanders on his team to help elect Trump, which has to be expected because of Trump's coalition and Clinton's record."
"During the game, they're not able to check in on the server or when the players are leaving, so it can be easy for fans to miss out."
"The victim said her sister had taken it as a gift from her mother, and left it on the floor."
"The latest pictures show what appears to be a life changing scene as she takes on her new role as Princess Anne in The Princess and the Frog."
"\"It's not always easy to find a job in that context,\" he said, pointing to the number of jobs that have gone to people who would be offered the same job."
"For the first time since the SNP took over the country in June 2014, a single council seat in Scotland will go to Labour."
"'For others it's a new group which brings a lot of people together and help gets us out of some of the tough times we've been in."
"To get them, you don't need to have high school degrees ; you just have a good foundation."
"So we know how they like it, but I don't like that there's that big one that they get to pick at the end of a season."
"I think it's been a very emotional week, both for the girls and also for the boys, but at the same time we are learning a lot about each other."
"That said, some things have to be dealt with, and that we will soon learn."
"\"The peace process in Syria is about the Syrian people, and I want to send the Syrian people back to peace,\" he said."
"They had planned to celebrate a quarter- century anniversary of their marriage on November 5, 1960, but the weather soon turned too hot."
"While South Carolina is a special- team stop, the Raiders are doing the best they can to kick the quarterback's European holiday to Europe this season."
"However, this will be the case if they switch on electricity supplies in the region and demand rises."
"In its most recent survey of homes, the Fed said the labor force participation rate had increased from four percent to seven percent, and employment has expanded over that period."
"The FBI was informed about the threat but provided little information about what it could see on the television screen that day."
"In recent years, he has had to deal with groups that sometimes find them appealing, even if they are neither coming to him yet."
"This means that a severe case of Zika may be most likely to arrive in the US as the virus arrives in humans from a mosquito net."
"A poll taken last week by the Independent found that 35 per cent of voters believed a May vote to leave would be unlikely."
"The events were such an amazing thing, you couldn't have done anything else to help the party."
"The Commonwealth is the largest employment base on the planet, accounting for 78% of the total workforce in the UK."
"Like almost all young athletes, I have been engaged in some form of sport since I was three- and- a- half, and I feel like I was ever- so- eager to join that lifestyle."
"They have always wanted to be in Britain but this is their last chance and it was the first time they recognised that in another language."
"There will be, of course, some strategic implications that may have to be dealt with, including in regard to how the tax code is designed and how the NHS is operating."
"In the story it's much the same, only one in three, while Hillary's numbers have changed with time."
"\"I think in a future model you would have to do something,\" he said, \"I think in that case you'd probably need to tell them how to do it."
"The Army has created a line of credit to ensure that people are motivated to do their jobs, and all Australians have the right to make the contribution."
"This should be reflected in the record for this incident and the evidence that the club, when they come in the field on Saturday evening, should have taken more responsibility."
"The family is now working to get their furniture back for the Christmas period before the winter is over, she said."
"Although at this point in the investigation, we are not ruling it out- we think there is a sufficient number of people involved and possibly more."
"He is said to have claimed three of those victories, and conceded defeat three days later, at Leicester City."
"The group is one of the most well- known in the hospital industry but can get involved with a wide range of programs."
"And yet, with his strength of character and keen determination, when it comes to his shopping, what makes him a great deal better than the artist himself?"
"\"We're not going to fix everything, we're not going to make America great again,\" Sanders said during an appearance on CNN's \"New Day \"in August."
"The former mayor, accused of corruption and fraud, had refused to sign a civil commitment to help one of the victims, but offered $ 25, 000 in cash."
"It has come to mean that there are up to 2, 000 Syrian- based fighters in the Syrian army and air forces, according to the Syrian foreign ministry."
"In fact, the agency would prefer to return money directly to families rather than move it between the agencies."
"He says there is a lot of work ahead of him, as he looks to break into the team."
"A 40- year- old was arrested after he allegedly assaulted a 52- year- old man in a house in Aberdeen, a court heard on Tuesday."
"Still, we're not sure how good Mr. Trump's forecast is for this race as it currently stands."
"Mr Cameron is hoping for a victory in the final round of the referendum as Prime Minister- likely to boost the importance of Mr Johnson's views and make the Britain's Prime Minister."
"In less than a year, a two- year contract extension will give the club a player under contract for 2017, which opens the door for a possible move of another director before the end of the season."
"\"At the moment I can't sit here and say anything,\" he said, as he passed through his former hotel."
"We've worked with them [ developers ] for a while now, and we're always looking for ways to improve their products."
"I get a few emails a week, one of them is very nice ; that's really good."
"\"There is an investment and investment is taking place in people and our focus is on the potential to create employment and growth,\" he said."
"One of the police officials that I was monitoring said that he didn't know what to do but that there were many women that he should arrest."
"I'd come from home but a lot of people don't have the same circumstances as me, so I had to speak French."
"If the ride was to continue on its current path, we will be running red lights and blocking traffic, not letting the light, the red light, fly on the opposite path."
"More and more people are asking why does my son watch TV and not me, let alone who is watching?"
"As a mother, I hope my daughter will have the opportunity to live her life without the shame, shame and shame of being an adult again."
"One thing that, while nothing to do with politics, is quite possibly the greatest waste of time in all of human history is all that remains of the past."
"For years I've been trying to bring more women into the fire, so in December, 2013 I held a conference about this."
"The country's basic rate of tax has risen from 35. 7 percent to 37. 7 percent since its 1997 reforms."
"According to the State Department, 28 percent of Syria's civil war has been fought by rebels since 2011."
"While it seems as though the event is only a matter of hours away, it could take a few days to give the show a head start."
"The couple, who went to the university together, spoke of their frustration after learning of Trump's comments and said they needed to raise awareness."
"I'm not sure it's in the best interest of Scotland but I just think we need to make sure it's there."
"Mrs May's first major speech on the campaign trail this week said she would stay as prime minister and said Britain would be better off with the same British as EU leaders."
"The number of patients waiting an average of six weeks to be treated for cancer jumped to 8. 2 million in September from 7. 3 million a year earlier, a huge jump."
"Only nine percent said Clinton was in worse shape, as Democratic voters turn to the next president in their wake."
"The U. S. is at war with North Korea, in what appears to be a new policy attempt aimed at making the isolated country harder to track."
"A bright day's work for you, from today's destination, with all the latest news and events."
"I hope it helps something close to a solution- and maybe the Lord will not ever have to leave our man!"
"That's what I'm trying to build, as a runner, a lot of things. I don't want to put myself in that position where I have to be him all week long, so I'm trying to go out there and do"
"This was designed to not only protect nuclear power but also help the coal industry in future by raising prices,\" he said."
"I would make a little extra money to go on holiday so I could do my own filming and travel."
"They found that there are two types of players who can be fit into the Australia \"under- 18 program: those in the 21 and 22 age groups."
"And it came through a second woman, who said she feared for her life at the hands of Mr Lee's men."
"He explained that though the hearing took place behind closed doors, it took more than 20 hours to hear the witness statements."
"Just about every piece of television we'll ever see becomes the subject of this week's New York Times \"draft."
"This year is likely to have only about a dozen or fewer agents in the US, according to the figures, but it could rise to an even smaller number with the rate in the past few years dropping about 5 per cent to below 30 agents"
"I think our legacy is very strong, there are a lot of young people, young people who will make a good president."
"For me, the main thing is [ I've been given ] opportunities to do the things that have allowed me to do them."
"The smart money is on third- party candidates, and almost every poll has the big \"if \"in Clinton with a margin of error that would be extremely close."
"He expects he will be in the best shape of his life, but still, it doesn't feel like it."
"So I think what it shows is when you look at the issues on the ground in the world, the more you think about global things, the more you can see that the candidates have done much more for the world."
"I have been charged with crimes including being a sexual harassment victim in New York and New Jersey, both in New York state, and in New York state."
"I think there is too much pressure placed on him at the moment and that he's been letting them down in the past."
"\"We have to look at the opportunities we could have, like a sell- out party and then every possible use for them,\" he said."
"Whether you live in one of the Premier League, one of the European football countries or between two of these, it's important you get all the information as early as possible."
"About 10 per cent were made up of very- poor areas of poverty- and nearly half were of less than perfect health."
"The fight broke out between the teens who were standing in the middle of the street and a man wearing a T- shirt."
"I really enjoy doing business, getting back to Paris... and working on the same projects as before."
"The election was watched by 5. 5 million people- a 28 percent increase on last week's 7. 4 million- and generated 1 million views of the popular website."
"\"People want to make fun of me for doing what I want to do,\" he told the magazine."
"\"I could see him just trying to get up and leave, when he had a wound on his right arm,\" she said."
"It is the second time in 13 years that European football's governing body has ordered a recall of some matches for Sunday's European Champions Cup clash with Barcelona."
"'The only other person I'm allowed to use in a safe manner is my daughter, so she's the one who can pick me up."
"On Monday, a passenger on a Melbourne train refused the police's arrival and crossed the tracks after being told by security officials he was heading to Victoria."
"But then there is a belief that the biggest mistake she had to make was a belief that her daughter's hair, especially on the head, was the worst part of her face."
"We will be monitoring for those schools where people are injured or killed to determine if they have significant work to do."
"On the Republican side, Trump has a long way to go in Ohio, including a three- day rally here on Thursday."
"The storm caused strong winds and winds at five other northern states, including Louisiana, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Colorado."
"Her husband was later found by police to have broken down in the house as he arrived home from a weekend in the family's South London flat."
"But they don't have to pay any fees, so it seems they'd be happy to spend cash to buy them out."
"All of these people come with a clear intent to provide assistance to those who are in immediate need and, indeed, our society should demand."
"\"Even though the brand has grown to more than $ 20 billion, I'm not in a position to predict where it will go on day one,\" he said."
"We had to accept that as a reality if we are to make the best use of that chance."
"\"I didn't think I was very good at enough playing, so I tried to go into practice thinking I could improve myself,\" he said."
"While the new deals are ambitious, it is clear that the UK and Ireland have several other large companies who will be trying to find other markets for their goods."
"And he doesn't have to address everybody's particular set of problems: Republicans, Democrats, labor unions, gay and transgender rights."
"That led to 15 police officers being charged, and prosecutors announced in a court filing that the case would now move to a district court."
"\"We're not interested in discussing the reasons for this decision- we don't want our employees to face punishment and learn new things,\" he said."
"We know that children deserve better and we always have had to work at the highest level to make sure our young people can achieve, to be successful, and to do their best."
"So I was pleased to see how much I made in and around Melbourne this year and if I can make that possible."
"\"The reality is that if we don't have a working standard then people don't get the mental health treatment they need,\" he said."
"They were heading to Washington this morning and it was a real shock, a very exciting experience,\" he told The Associated Press."
"\"We have to change the direction of the game in order to find an identity,\" he said on Monday."
"He claimed to have received some form of compensation in his work at the club but has not been paid for the work at the time."
"\"He's even had some success with it as he said, like, \"The next day,\" \"he recalled."
"A spokesman for the agency did not respond to a message seeking comment on the number of people taking part in the survey."
"A bit of time remains after he has released two records and was presented with a task force report."
"She said:'When I was growing up my father was a fighter, who fought so many times against the British, American and Turkish army."
"With a record of 32- 3, the Lakers should be on their way to a top- three pick."
"'My wife thought it was a case of having to work longer hours in order to keep her salary,' he said."
"And that's what we'll fight through today,\" he said, calling the terror attacks on the French capital, attacks in Paris and the recent attacks in Brussels."
"He said he intended on paying close attention to the cash register, so it was better to be part of the planning for something like that."
"It was the first time since 2001, he said, that two women had appeared together on the show."
"The United States and China are determined to continue negotiations with Pyongyang to make the North's nuclear and missile programs work."
"It's going to be difficult, you know, coming off a couple of tough losses and that but he'll be in good shape and we'll see how that goes."
"That they would spend $ 1 trillion to fund his education plan, in part because they feared the cost would rise."
"Just under half (48 per cent) say they \"love \"being rich at the top and almost nine- ten per cent say the same about the bottom end of the wealth distribution."
"It comes as the police released a CCTV image of a 17- year- old woman after she was run over by a car on Melbourne's east."
"He often gets in trouble from employees, women and the police, but he is determined to make it a safe space for students."
"The SNP is in the race to win seats, with 35 and 34 per cent of the vote respectively in Scotland."
"The French health ministry confirmed on Wednesday that 62 people had been treated and 60 were in hospital after being rushed to the hospital by helicopter after being evacuated from the hospital."
"If someone is going to walk on the air, they don't think about the media because they don't want to look at yourself."
"She is also joining Chris Christie, the vice- presidential candidate who spent last week pushing a bill to let the federal government do a better job of cutting waste."
"A UK exit from the EU could trigger a crisis that could be \"devastating \"to business and investors in the UK and potentially boost global inequality, according to a senior European official."
"The Guardian newspaper reported on Wednesday that two key people linked to Mr Trump were arrested on Tuesday in connection with the investigation into his campaign finances."
"It has become the popular choice of British businesses because of its strong employment, growth and employment prospects, and job security."
"However it is understood that all three refused to make the people they were supposed to be helping have a chance of saving the life of a child."
"\"We're hoping to be a small part of the small nation- to- nation partnership,\" he said."
"You learn a lot from this first season, which I'd only had three weeks, but the support staff at the club really helped me."
"He finished with a season- high 31 games last season and has started the regular season with at least one touchdown in each of the last two games."
"I could tell he was still hanging on and moving forward as I felt a bit broken- although I did get in some of his worse incidents."
"The incidents started on the last day of the school's school year, when students gathered to hear from the team's coach."
"He now has more than 70 yards on the ground this season but struggled to find the ball in the run game on third down in New Orleans, scoring eight touchdowns."
"The mayor plans to attend a public rally on Saturday afternoon in Washington Square, the largest in the United States for the event."
"This season, his natural talent is, at most, impressive but he is still struggling to change the game."
"The Swiss paper's report, meanwhile, suggested Mr Trump could trigger a military intervention in the country if he were to be elected."
"Since 2010, nearly 1, 000 people have been killed, more than twice as many as in 2014, according to UN figures."
"An elderly couple has revealed that their farm in East L. A. will be taken away when Congress does something about it."
"Maybe it's a kid in the future, or somebody in the future who is going to just be able to play every day, and hopefully those kids will be successful, too."
"It was a very good experience- to be honest with you, but I think we gave it our best shot."
"The Prime Minister's official spokeswoman said the Government was working with the French authorities on a number of measures to help reduce the risk of terrorist attacks."
"The United Nations and China see the closure as a vital step to expand efforts to fight climate change."
"The party is likely to need more \"action \"from the governor in the coming days and weeks- but we are confident that Mr Cameron will follow through."
"I still don't know why he's a rich, famous actor, but maybe he did that, and still doesn't know why he's a rich, famous person."
"\"After considering all available information, we believe that we have now carried out an expert assessment of our potential conflict of interest,\" the spokesman said."
"As it stands, no deal can happen until the end of negotiations and there are options open to other countries."
"The government should give compensation to the victims so they can return to their families in a peaceful manner, he said."
"Some teachers were suspended by their unions for their handling of their own cases and others were suspended as the complaint was being investigated."
"When they got him back on the plane he decided to leave the United States after having eight hours of sex with her."
"And they are building a deep campaign network around you, so if you see something, send it to me and I will make sure you know exactly what it is."
"\"He kept telling me to come and speak to my mother in the country, but he didn't answer any of my questions,\" she said."
"In the article, an online poll suggested Mrs Clinton has a six- point lead in New Hampshire over Mr Trump in the current national polls, with 47 per cent to 38 per cent for the Republican candidate."
"And not only that, because you are not going to have a story that you want to tell about Donald Trump."
"His wife Mary, who had met Mr Cameron in 2010, was \"not quite as surprised,\" he told the Independent."
"The man is said to have been 17 at the time of the shooting, but his immigration status prevented authorities from releasing the video from the police."
"She needs to accept the resignation of her Conservative leader, Andrew Jones, and switch the focus to the fact that she was never elected in 2014."
"We want to be a world- class league, to be the best all over again, no matter who we play."
"About a half- year after the change, interest is up 5. 1 percent for the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters data."
"It was also the only category to see a jump in business growth, leading the investment bank to call for investors to increase their exposure to new types of wealth management."
"After meeting President- elect Donald Trump, Bashar Assad says a policy of chemical weapons must be banned from his city if the Syrian regime wants to continue bombing its own people."
"The council then worked with the New South Wales Coalition government to ensure public comment on future buildings would be heard and approved before a decision was made."
"The protesters were supported by representatives of two major local labor unions, and some had organized them on their own initiative."
"Many of us want to change everything, and it's so much easier to do it at home than on the bike."
"One of the girls has hit the headlines after her friends posted messages on social media that read, in part: \"I didn't know you could be such a good guy."
"At the moment, there's no, of course, all of these things in place so there's always something you can learn to do and find ways to improve it."
"The former Arsenal and Barcelona manager told the BBC that he hopes the English FA should also give it a make- up vote if it gets its way."
"The country also happens to be the biggest junior alliance in the world, and if we win it we can have all the success we need to win the games we want to play."
"But women, they feel they can become pregnant and have babies themselves, and we're thinking of having an abortion if we feel like it."
"She is reportedly a great asset and is very close to Sir Alex Ferguson who had three years to think about giving her a new club."
"But I am also determined to bring this forward and take our voice out there to the whole community that has fought hard for so long."
"The attack- which took place in the early hours of Tuesday morning- may have been a reaction to a cease- fire proposal put forward by Russia and the US."
"Ms. Cox, who grew up in America, said she had noticed it as well before she made the decision to go to Harvard."
"Though the club has not reached a decision on how many players may or may not leave, it is believed the 26- year- old midfielder will be placed on international leave this summer."
"Their plan is to match up against one of the world's top teams, which would give them a way into the Champions League."
"But if Trump wants to make this a reality, one thing is certain: The four Republican candidates on stage will be fighting for a congressional seat."
"And there's nothing to check now, except for Hillary Clinton, but I think people have a responsibility to ask her about it,\" Obama said."
"The incident has led to protests in Turkey and the country's biggest cities, and also sparked an investigation into several possible terrorist offences in Belgium and France."
"The truth is that much of what they've said doesn't match up to the evidence- it's all completely false."
"He also suggested that local doctors in the UK should be able to be the leaders of choice for women as they return to work."
"During the first day of the Melbourne Cup, drivers who don't qualify for the Games will be offered a ban or a suspension to drive as they are deemed to have driven at a top level."
"\"We're doing everything we can to find out what the doctor said to give him the best medical care,\" he said."
"Donald Trump, you saw the results, you saw the results of the Senate race, they know it's not easy to win a Senate seat."
"It also stands to reason that if all economic sanctions imposed by the Obama administration have been lifted, they would have provided additional support to China's currency."
"Maybe if it wasn't for the match, I think we'd just look at having as many episodes as possible."
"Despite this, I never again thought I'd spend a weekend in Madrid, even though I'd done so many trips that year."
"But among Democratic voters, at least 31 percent say the way Clinton's campaign has focused on Russia has made them more concerned about the economic situation in the country."
"I don't expect everyone in Australia to be like that, but every one of us is in good touch."
"There's another candidate next on the list of all of the main candidates-- the political scientist and the billionaire who has had his many investments torn down, gone out of his way to not reveal himself."
"Of the 60 properties that currently are within walking distance of each other, just two had live or signed non- reporting agreements and appeared in rental agreements."
"She won't be returning to action next season, and that's the most likely scenario in which she moves back to the Middle East."
"I want to see a partner that is different, that I can really see change in him but I can't see my future or my parents any other way."
"The 12- year- old boy tried to tell them a story to get them to stop but they refused."
"So it's almost like you're sitting there trying to figure out the best way to ask the right question."
"It said that a total of 1, 100 arrests and charges were made against two known groups of offenders, while 17 people were named as suspects."
"By forcing her parents to go through divorce proceedings, this woman has tried to escape their control and are trying to show the other side of the story."
"It's the first year with this much information on track, which makes it easier to keep track of our world."
"If they want it they can still call for its public safety executive, but no one would ask."
"The company has launched a pilot program for \"small cars \"in Texas and Michigan, and is working on one at the local level."
"If he's right, the President- elect should sign on with the American people in understanding the issues that are at stake and the only way he can deal with them."
"\"I'll continue to support all the Republicans,\" he said, speaking in Spanish, adding that he would probably not be running again until after this election."
"The extra time it takes to get your mind in gear will ensure that you don't need the time again."
"I'll have to change the rules, but the key thing is the team is good, so I think that's pretty much it."
"She's been to many of the shows- my own personal favourite among them, since she's very small."
"\"The only place we could have used the information was this specific part of the building, but we didn't find it,\" he said."
"The hunt for the missing student was still on in Scotland, but as of Thursday was thought to be continuing in the north west of the country."
"We're not dealing with something with the potential for widespread, widespread application in Europe and the US."
"If you say and your words and have your life and you do something great, and it's great but you still don't achieve it, so what are you going to do?"
"\"This is an opportunity to join the fight against terrorism, and make a positive difference to the lives of ordinary people,\" he told the commission."
"It's incredible how often you have a moment of truth to throw on the screen, but it's also how often you have a particular set of facts to back it up."
"But it does show how it doesn't really make sense for the US presidential candidates to treat Russia, given the relationship they have with Russia's president."
"We've got to manage that because we're going to hit your back into the ground with those shots."
"You said on the night that you want to fight, but you know what? If that's possible, then we'll have to fight it."
"And after a big operation to cut the virus to just 10% body weight, we have got rid of it completely."
"A year ago, health officials identified 7. 6 million people with type 1 diabetes who had just a few weeks of follow- up."
"\"And they are not told that in other cities, kids get free school meals and free parking,\" she added."
"An early retirement savings plan, such as the one you bought, or one you give to your partner, may lead to more savings for you."
"\"I am not surprised that [ Foreign Secretary Boris ] Blair's last few weeks have been dominated by Brexit,\" he said."
"It's also rare for students to get their leave from a major institution before they enter junior college."
"Their goal was to have students from around the UK studying here to study some of the country's great artists and writers."
"\"I wanted my mother to get a divorce, which was a huge loss because if I'd been against divorce, I'd probably still be alive today,\" she says."
"While he often would approach women or those close to him and was very good at it, he was not an individual in the right context for a woman."
"Our lifestyle has a lot of factors that don't allow us to spend any time on the street."
"\"I think having said that, people aren't like that today in Scotland,\" she said."
"A total of three (3) centres in the state run by Commonwealth rail services will close on Monday- Friday."
"The rate of return was greater for those who sold mortgage at or above 100 percent and for those who sold a property at or below 100 percent."
"If Donald Trump were in possession of that gun, would he not have had to give it to someone else?"
"Mr Erdogan, who has long criticized Mr Putin, defended his ally over his November 2006 nuclear deal with the North."
"She was helped back to the ground, but did not become seriously ill and was later cleared to leave, she told the court."
"He was arrested in the United States on suspicion of engaging in a terrorist activity and was questioned by US authorities during the summer of 2014."
"But if it's a 5. 6, that might not be much of a stretch in the Olympics."
"I thought [ our findings ] would raise some questions but we didn't really know anything about other reasons."
"On Tuesday, prosecutors on both sides of the election said they had determined that the race was significant, but not worth a prosecution."
"It wasn't his first running up against Gray, who has been one of his best long- ball players, but the 31- year- old didn't have much luck on his debut day of junior cricket."
"\"I am proud that my voice was heard, that I was able to be recognized, and that at the heart of our young people is our respect for each other and the wider community,\" he said in a statement."
"So even if a leader wants to take this opportunity, the high standards that Obama has put in place in his administration are going to fall far short."
"The most common injuries from the 2014 World Cup in Brazil were a player's eye and foot, but another foot also came off in his \"hand."
"He's always done great things and this is what we're going to take to the board and I just hope that he's back and played well."
"That could force a man whose house has been burned down, including an elderly woman, to seek legal help, a court has been told in a High Court ruling."
"I think it's a very interesting system to run on and I don't think it can ever be seen as unfair."
"The research carried out by the researchers shows that 16 per cent of people in the North of England are under- paid."
"He is a long way from where his father grew up, and it is his dad, and his new family, who he sees as his father's father."
"\"These claims were, to be sure, made during the process, including through witness and legal services assistance,\" she said."
"Like many others of my family and friends, I know that we could find a home for ourselves here on our own."
"While Mr. Obama's nomination is a step in the right direction, it does not guarantee his legacy as president."
"With this three- year- old, it's something I am a little more proud of now, and something I would not be proud of when I was growing up."
"The Chancellor is expecting the state budget deficit to drop from \u00a3 120 million to \u00a3 130 million by the end of this year."
"But you really don't know that until you do it, and I can tell you after I've done it I am not that worried."
"'We knew at that point that there was blood in the water and that we would need to call for help."
"He explained:'My body worked so well with the technique that I can't remember the original name."
"Speaking at a press conference just after the meeting, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said Britain was ready to have \"significant \"economic relations with the European Union after Brexit."
"\"I'm sure our players will be looking at what we're doing next week and we'll keep that as the focus,\" Smith said."
"For the most part, the performance of state universities has been mainly the result of a combination of factors such as average debt levels and ongoing costs."
"It's a great test of whether you're ready to play at the highest level,\" he said."
"We're not doing ourselves any harm in that way ; we are just trying to maintain that sort of relationship."
"And I'd like to see him bring the Champions League to England, I mean we have not got the talent, the experience, the experience that you look for from the Premier League."
"She needed to get hold of something, and it was actually a short film that we filmed as a group that we thought could be used to create that."
"I have never been disappointed but if we can't secure a place in the Champions League I'll have to think of another title challenge."
"It has emerged that two of the victims were students at the University of Manchester and have since given interviews in connection with their deaths."
"To hear her tell it, she knows better than anyone that women have been pushing the current debate on health out of existence."
"I'm sure I'll find plenty of good ones at the moment and when I see what happens, I'll think about putting them in the cup."
"The migration crisis has sparked huge anger within the ranks of the Conservative party and has also created hundreds of thousands of job losses across the country."
"The girl had been with an unknown man who was believed to have travelled with her to Syria."
"\"There are six or seven countries around the world that are obviously struggling with environmental issues,\" he said in October."
"One area where the statistics speak for the Premier League side is that Liverpool were four points clear at home to Chelsea in the group stages last year."
"The most recent round of controversial elections has seen top officials facing allegations of the most serious corruption cases so far."
"When you are making money off marketing, you have to put yourself in the shoes of your investor-- and if you can't get those investors to buy shares, then how can you buy them?"
"The UN estimates the proportion of global child refugees living in developing countries that is about 30 per cent, and that there are now over 200 million children in need of humanitarian assistance in 2016."
