"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors in the last three months of the year."
"I think it's a good thing that we're able to do that, because it's a good thing to be able to do that."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in compensation from the U. S. government since the deal was announced."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site more attractive for developers."
"The company said it had been in talks with the US government, but had not yet decided whether to pursue legal action."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Wednesday, and are down more than 3 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we face, and I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we face in the United States,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in the business are in the business,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is offered to our customers,\" and that it would continue to provide the best possible service."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government decided to block the move, which would have been the first time the UK had blocked a Brexit deal."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to take the money away from the schools, but the school board has said it will not take money away from the schools."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the cuts, which have been blamed for a rise in the number of people with mental health problems."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer service and was working to improve its customer experience and customer experience for customers."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past 12 months, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in its core business, which includes the mobile and video services, and will focus on its core business, which includes the video and music services."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing emissions by 20 percent by 2020."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would close the deal."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent to $ 1. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the project, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it would continue to work with the police and other relevant authorities."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but it had not yet received a response."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club, but I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but it has not yet been sold."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy a home."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 5 million payment from the state of New York for the work."
"The company has been in talks with the US government and has said it would be willing to sell the aircraft."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the second quarter."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a lot of people who are willing to listen to us,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to stand up for the American people,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of the NHS are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 billion in sales in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period a year ago."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president on Nov."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team, but we have to be ready for the next game."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, with the top rate on the wealthy rising to 25 per cent."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 15 percent in the past year."
"The government is expected to announce the new measures in the coming weeks, but it is not clear how they will be implemented."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, for a total of $ 3. 5 million."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Democrat, but I'm going to be a Republican,\" he said."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people in work by half a million a year is a big win for the working class."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm not going to say anything about the future,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the United States is the only country in the world that has not been able to get a nuclear weapon."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and said it was \"working closely with the government \"on a range of measures to improve the company's performance."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from private investors and was working with investors in the U. S. and Europe."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial of the app in the coming weeks."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we have a good squad and we have a good manager and we have a good squad and we have a good manager and we have a good squad and we have a good"
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it had been \"fully engaged \"in the company's business."
"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what's going on in the world, and how we can help people to make sense of it."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 14. 35 in after- hours trading."
"\"I don't think it's a good thing for the country to have a president that is not a Democrat,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the middle of this,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to be used for a new stadium, which is due to be completed by the end of the year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask for a lawyer, and they said they would not accept it."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 3. 60, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 3. 60."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to a third of the population by 2020."
"The U. S. has been a major supporter of the Syrian government, and has been involved in the civil war in Syria for years."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"\"It's a very important moment for us, and we're going to have to make sure we're doing everything we can to make sure we're doing everything we can to make sure we're doing everything we can to make sure we're"
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent since the start of the year."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and was working to improve security."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience and that they are able to make informed choices about their travel plans."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 20 percent."
"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation now, because it's a good thing that we're in this situation now."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to listen to the American people,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in 2015, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter of 2016."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding and was on track to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the fourth quarter."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 10 percent in the past year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced plans to cut its workforce by at least half."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for women to get pregnant."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to a quarter of the population by 2020."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in debt from investors."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 6 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue for more than a year and was confident it would be able to secure the necessary funding."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said, \"but I'm going to be the nominee."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to secure a deal."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced it would lay off more than 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but that it was not yet ready to go public."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be able to get on with my life,\" she said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in September that it would cut its workforce by half."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it is too slow."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but it was unclear if the company would be able to do so."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement that would allow it to keep its employees."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from the U. S. government."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is expected to cost up to $ 1 billion."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government to develop a strategy."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the previous quarter."
"The company said it had received a letter from the US Department of Justice, which was sent to it on Monday."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it was cutting its workforce."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it had received was accurate."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 percent at $ 16. 30 on Thursday, and were down 2. 1 percent at $ 16. 30 in the previous trading session."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and was \"working closely with the authorities \"to ensure the safety of customers."
"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get the blood test done, and I was told I was going to have to go to the hospital."
"The company has been under pressure to improve its image in the wake of the scandal, which has led to a series of high- profile arrests."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the investigation and that it would continue to do so."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 16. 30 in after- market trading on Wednesday."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are a country of immigrants, and that we are not a country of immigrants,\" she said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to help it secure the data."
"The company has also said it will not be able to offer a service to customers who have not yet paid for it."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who understands the issues that we're facing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to do it again."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost more than $ 1 billion in the last year."
"\"I think the only thing that's going to change is the way we're going to play,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new system was in place, but it was unclear how long it would take."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a little bit of a feel for what the game is like,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the iPhone since last year, but that it was still in the early stages of development."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be able to do that."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 5 billion."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 10 percent."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement with the company."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent to $ 18. 20 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, while the S & P 500 index gained more than 1 percent."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 60 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it was looking to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the next two years."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 1. 30, after the company said it would not be able to meet its goal of raising $ 1 billion in funding."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site more attractive for developers."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next few months,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the allegations and that it would \"take appropriate action \"if it found the allegations were true."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, led by a group of Chinese investors."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, but it's not the best thing for the game,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was working to raise $ 3 billion in the first quarter."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial of the service, which will be available to customers in the UK and Ireland."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 15. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering a high- quality service to our customers \"and that it had been \"fully engaged \"with the investigation."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors and was looking for a partner."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are unable to work because of the Zika virus."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country, for the people of the country, and for the world,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next two years."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 20% since the start of the year, and its shares are down more than 20% in the past year."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not take action to stop the abuse."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors in the last two years, and that it had raised $ 1. 1 billion in funding from investors in the last two years."
"The company has also been criticised for its handling of the case, which has been widely criticised in the US and Europe."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in capital from private equity firms."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 1. 26 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down 2. 3 percent at $ 1. 14."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team, because we're going to have a good team,\" he said."
"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in charge of the NHS are going to have to be able to make decisions about what they're going to do."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, for a total of $ 1. 2 million."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"The first thing that comes to mind is that he's a great player, great player, and he's a great player, and he's a great player, and he's a great player, and he's a great player, and he"
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the NHS will be the people who will be in charge of the NHS."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club, but I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of the car and I was like, \"I don't know what's going on."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 1. 10, while the S & P 500 index gained more than 6 percent to close at $ 1. 14."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission about the project, but had not yet received a response."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government and the European Union on a possible sale of its assets."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the US government about the deal, but had not yet received a response."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to address the issue."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years, but that it was not ready to launch."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company's shares were down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would not be making any changes to its products."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but has yet to receive a response."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer experience and was working to improve its customer experience and was working to"
"I think it's a very important issue for the country and we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that"
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to create a new national health service."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 5 million payment from the state in the settlement, but that it had not yet received the money."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its staff."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president on Nov."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience and that we are able to provide the best service to them."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose any new rules on the industry, which has been under pressure to do so."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it is to be in the top 10,\" he said."
"The company said it was working to improve its customer service and to improve its customer experience, but said it was not yet ready to announce a new product."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and tell them that I was going to be arrested."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"delivery service to customers who had not yet paid."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to listen to the American people,\" he said."
"\"I think the first thing that comes to mind is, \"What are you doing?"
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy a home."
"\"It's a very important moment for me, I'm not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the results of the election, but I'm not going to say anything about the results of the election,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go and see my dad, and I was like, \"I don't know what's going on."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers \"and that it would continue to work with customers \"to improve customer experience."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and he said that I was going to have to go to the hospital."
"The company's shares were down 1. 9 per cent at $ 35. 26 on Thursday, compared with a 3. 8 per cent drop for the broader market."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and that it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and that it was committed to delivering the best possible service to customers and that"
"The company's shares were down more than 2 percent at $ 20. 20 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been in talks with a number of companies, including the US- based company of the same name, about the project."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the environment."
"The government has also announced a new scheme to help people who are homeless or in need of support."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to continue to improve its performance."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI about a possible investigation into the matter."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it was working to raise $ 2. 5 billion."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to go through this again,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and venture capital firms."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 15. 60 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"\"I think it's a good idea for the government to look at the whole picture,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the country to see the results of the last few years,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the club and the fans to be able to see what's going on in the dressing room."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its products."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 percent to $ 1. 50, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 57."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in capital from private equity firms."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we're going to get it done,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process, and that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process of the new contract."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but had not yet received a response."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to investigate the matter."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing the best possible service \"to customers and staff and was committed to continuing to improve its customer experience."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to help it secure the data."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including the billionaire George W. Bush."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, and that it was working to build a new headquarters in China."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the middle of a recession,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the problem, with some saying it is too late."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 2. 6 billion in the first quarter."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president on Nov."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for what's right,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, who has been working on the site for more than a year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but it was unclear whether the government would take action."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to solve all the problems,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but the government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but the government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the"
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the incident and would provide a statement to the media as soon as possible."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but was not ready to announce it."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the public."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask for a lawyer, and I was told that I could not do that."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it would be able to continue operating."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my son, who was in the hospital."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and they have lost more than a quarter of their value in the past year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was in talks with the government for a year and a half."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around what's going on and what's not going on."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had a net loss of $ 1. 5 billion."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was going on and I was told that it was a very serious infection."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"I think it's important to remember that we are not a country that is going to be able to do that."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 40 percent."
"\"I'm not sure if it's going to be a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a better understanding of what's going on and how to get better at it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project and that it was \"working with the city and the county to ensure it is completed as quickly as possible."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money to the charity if it does not have the money to pay for it."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but it had not yet been formally informed of the terms of the deal."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private investors in 2015, and that it had raised $ 1. 8 billion in the first quarter of 2016."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the aircraft until the government has a plan in place to deal with the issue."
"The company said it would also be offering a \"limited \"time trial of the service, which will last for a year."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll see a lot of growth,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who will be able to make the case for what we believe in,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The first thing I did was to get my wife to come over and have a look at the picture."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 4 percent to $ 1. 50, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the public, but the BBC understands that is not the case."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but it was unclear if the deal would be approved."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 percent at $ 26. 30 on Wednesday after the announcement."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the government decided to cut the number of police officers."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from the private sector."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I would have to go to the hospital for a check- up."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 30. 26 on Thursday, after the company announced it would lay off more than 1, 000 workers."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The U. S. has been on a high- speed rail journey between New York and New Jersey for more than a year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 30. 50 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 40 percent."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, and are down more than 2 percent in the past year."
"\"We're going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we say about what we're doing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from private investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in Series B funding from private equity firms."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm going to go out there and play my best tennis,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next three years."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that we get a better understanding of what's going on,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, which has been working on the project for more than a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent to $ 21. 50 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"We are going to have to do a lot of things to make sure that we have a good relationship with the Chinese government,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and that it was ready to launch in 2017."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible for the breach."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're getting a lot of people who are not necessarily in the business,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial of the app in the future."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 40 percent."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask for their help."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from my dad, who was in the hospital."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to determine the cause of the fire."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation now,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the Fed raised rates again this year."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to the police,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Justice Department and other federal agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who have been in charge of the NHS for the last eight years have been given a fair hearing,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively considering \"the proposal and would consider it if it was deemed appropriate."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to stand up to the president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in debt from investors."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third since the start of the year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company has been in talks with the government about a possible deal, but has yet to receive a response."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would not comment further."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but that it had not yet received the necessary approval."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 1. 20 on Wednesday, their lowest price in more than two years."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement with the company."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and get a police report and I was told that I had been arrested."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for our employees and customers \"and that it would continue to do so."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last three years and was working on a new product for the next three years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working to bring in new talent."
"The company has been in talks with the US government since the beginning of the year, and has been working with the US government on a plan to develop the technology."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and said it was \"working closely with the government \"to improve the process."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 9. 50 in after- market trading."
"The company said it would not be able to continue to operate in the UK, but would be able to continue to operate in the US."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, and are trading at about $ 33. 50."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing the best possible service to our customers \"and that it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure that the safety of our customers is protected."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to do what's right,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to do it,\" he said, adding that he had been told by the company that it would be a waste of money."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for the decisions that we make are the people who are making the decisions,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 percent at $ 30. 55 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 7 percent."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and said it was \"working closely with the authorities \"to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company's shares were down more than 10 percent at $ 1. 30 on Thursday after the company said it would cut 1, 000 jobs."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 1. 23 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down 1. 1 percent at $ 1. 16."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years, but that it was not ready for prime time."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but that it would not comment further."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from the president of the United States, and I said, \"I'm going to go and get you."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11 attacks in New York and New Jersey, and the U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for all employees \"and that it was committed to continuing to provide a safe and secure environment for all employees."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are denied benefits."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced it would close its doors."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and to ensuring that customers have the best possible experience."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, and the new report shows the government is not doing enough to tackle the problem."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the middle of this,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and get a police report and I was told that I had to pay \u00a3 100."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 30, their lowest level in more than a year."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but has not yet agreed to a deal."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for companies to get their hands on the data."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is a very different country than it is in the world today,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next two years, but has promised to do so."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but had not yet decided on the date."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll be able to get on with our lives,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on the project for two years and was in the process of building a new facility."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who's going to be able to do what he's going to do,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team, and we're going to get a good team,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think of the future is the possibility of a world without nuclear weapons."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action to protect its interests."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, but I think it's a big deal,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new contract until the new contract is completed."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be back,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to impose a new contract on the company, which has been operating for more than two years."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government to sell the property, which it said was worth $ 1. 5 million."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get a blood test and see if I was OK."
"The company said it had received \"a number of complaints \"about the incident, but it had not received any complaints from customers."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience on our website and mobile app."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a guy who's been in the game for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but it was unclear if the agreement would be completed by the end of the year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it is too slow."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last two years, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the problem, and the government has been criticised for failing to act on the issue."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the incident, which occurred in the early hours of Sunday, July 10, 2016."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the same boat as the rest of the world."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 2 billion in the next three years."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me play, and I did."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of the NHS are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we have a lot of work to do,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticized for its lack of transparency about its tax affairs, which have been reported by the New York Times."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to create a new national health service."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and was confident it would be completed by the end of the year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not alone in this,\" he said, adding that the United States and Russia are working together to defeat ISIS."
"The first thing I did was to get my wife and daughter to come to the hospital and see me."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 1. 35, while the S & P 500 index gained more than 1 percent to close at $ 1. 30."
"\"We're going to have to get the right people in place to make sure that we're going to be able to get this done,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a new plan to help the small business sector."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 2. 4 percent at $ 1. 16, while the S & P 500 index was up 2. 1 percent at $ 1. 16."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the game, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it had received a $ 1. 5 billion payment from the U. S. government."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" she said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its staff."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get the blood work done."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers,\" and that it would continue to work with the customer to improve customer experience."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that it was working to improve customer experience."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but had not yet decided whether to pursue it."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was looking to raise $ 2 billion in the next two years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government to secure the necessary funding."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth more than \u00a3 1 million, but the sale has been delayed."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it provided to the government was accurate."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company's shares were down 1. 9 percent at $ 28. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about the sale of the property, but was not yet in a position to make a decision."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 30. 30 in after- hours trading."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in December."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was looking to raise $ 2 billion in the first quarter."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 26, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm looking forward to it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, and that it was working with the government to develop a pilot program."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people in work by one million a year is a big win for the working poor."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 1. 30 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had a $ 1. 1 billion goal in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that it was working to improve customer experience."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and get a police report on the incident."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Education to develop a new anti- fraud program."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its products."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted between July and September."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 30. 46 on Thursday, compared with a 3. 9 percent drop for the broader market."
"The company has said it is looking to expand into the UK and Ireland, where it has a large presence, to help it grow its business."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be able to do a lot of things that we've never done before,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the UK remains a global leader in the digital economy,\" and that it would continue to invest in the UK."
"The company said it had raised its target price target to $ 30 per share from $ 20 per share in December."
"The company has said it will continue to work with the government on the project, which is expected to cost about $ 1 billion."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and I told him I had to go to the hospital."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the people who are going to be in charge of the economy are going to be people who have been in charge of the economy for a long time."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 17. 50 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 2 percent in the past week."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the deal, but it has been criticised for not doing so."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get a blood test to see if I was OK."
"The company has been in talks with the government about the future of the site, but has yet to receive a response."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport, and I think it's a good thing for the sport of tennis,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to investigate the matter."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the new rules were not followed, and that it would not be able to continue to operate the business."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and said it was \"working closely with the government \"to ensure the UK remains a world leader in the sector."
"The company said it was \"committed to improving the customer experience and delivering a great experience for our customers,\" and that it was \"committed to continuing to improve customer experience \"and to improving customer service."
"The company said it would not be able to continue to operate in the UK, but would be able to continue to operate in Ireland."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in debt from investors."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask for their help."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and tell them that I had been arrested."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and that it had been working on it for more than a year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but that it had not yet received a response."
"The company said it was \"committed to improving the customer experience \"and that it was working with the customer to improve the customer experience."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the bank, which is under investigation by the Justice Department and the Federal Reserve, for possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter, with a further $ 1. 8 billion coming from its shareholders."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about that, but I think we're going to have a good relationship,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next five years."
"The company has also been criticised for not doing enough to improve its image in the wake of the Brexit vote."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of cutting the number of people in the country by more than a third."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 30. 40 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 1 percent at $ 30. 40."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to listen to the American people,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and they have fallen more than 30 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the country and the world,\" he said, adding that the United States should take a more active role in the region."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project, and that it would continue to work with the city to ensure the project is completed."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of the public and the environment."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money until the end of the year, and that it will not be able to keep it until the end of the year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the US government and the European Commission about the deal, which would see it pay $ 1. 5 billion (\u00a3 1. 1 billion) a year in taxes."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the plan, and that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to report results in the second quarter."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"I think it's going to be a very good thing for the country,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of the new law."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 percent at $ 30. 95 on Thursday, and are down 1. 3 percent at $ 30. 20."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the way it operates, but the government had not yet agreed on a plan."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it had received was accurate."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 30. 30 on Wednesday, and were down 1. 1 per cent at $ 29. 30 on Wednesday."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government and is expected to announce a deal in the next few weeks."
"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be able to do that."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new school until the new school is built."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a very good season,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the way the team performed."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from the private sector."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow the government to make changes to the law to protect the rights of the disabled."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the government's investigation and that it would continue to work with the government."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the news broke, and they have lost more than 30 percent since the news broke."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors and was working with investors in the U. S. and Europe."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make it easier for people to buy online."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the data was used."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it was closing its doors."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to do it,\" he said, adding that he would like to see the project moved to a more secure location."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 5 billion from investors in the last three months, including $ 1. 5 billion from a group of investors."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible for the breach."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that we can start to talk about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including the Chinese government, and was working with investors in other countries."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a child with a disability,\" she said."
"\"I think the most important thing is to get the right balance between the two,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them to check on me."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Russia over a possible ceasefire in Syria, but the talks have not been successful."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the land, which is owned by the state, for more than a decade."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by about a third in the next few years."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that without the support of the people who are in charge of the NHS."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial of the service in the UK, but would not be able to offer a free trial in other countries."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a job."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and that it was working to improve security."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision to the Supreme Court."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 1 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to a quarter of the population by 2020."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, and said it would continue to invest in the UK."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government to sell the aircraft, but that it was not yet ready to sell the aircraft."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to identify the source of the information."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since mid- 2014, but has not yet launched a major ground campaign against the group."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this,\" he said, adding that he's \"not sure \"if he'll be able to play again."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government is not doing a good job of protecting the environment,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and was looking at options to expand its operations in the UK."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the public, but the government has also said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the public."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment in the company in 2014."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is a democracy, and that the people of the United States have a right to know what's going on in their country,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I had a very bad case of the virus."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively looking \"at ways to improve its customer experience and that it was \"working closely with the customer \"to improve the customer experience."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to pay for the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had a net loss of $ 1. 3 billion."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has already spent on the project, which is expected to cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which it said showed that the number of people who used the service was growing."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, but they are still up more than 10 percent this year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be the same country,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be able to get a lot of the things that we need to get done,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get my blood pressure checked and I was told that I had a heart attack."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy a home."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy for the future."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my daughter, and I was so shocked."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are able to enjoy the benefits of the new technology \"and that the new technology would be available to customers by the end of 2017."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year and a half, and that it was working on a new product for the next year."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it was working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"The U. S. has been the world's biggest oil producer for more than a decade, but it has been struggling to meet growing demands from the rest of the world."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year, but that it had not yet launched."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to talk about this issue,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in July that it would lay off more than 1, 000 workers."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to go into the country and be a victim of a crime,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 1. 16, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that the government would consider the issue again."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 27. 30 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 2 billion."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, but they have since recovered to about $ 11. 50."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and that it would continue to provide customer service."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be in a situation where we're going to have to do that."
"The company's share price has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than 20 percent of its value since the company's launch in 2014."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 40. 60 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's a very important thing to do in the United States,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project and that it was looking to the government to help fund the project."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it would also be able to offer a free trial of the app in the future, but it would not be able to offer it to customers who have already paid."
"I think that's what we're going to be looking at in the next few days, and I'm sure we'll be looking at that."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it is too slow."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter, and that it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in the second quarter."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy a home in the event of a Brexit."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion loan from the government."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"\"We're going to be working with the government to ensure that the right people are in the right place at the right time,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the investigation and that it was \"fully aware \"of the incident."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing emissions by 20 percent by 2020."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government and other countries about the deal, but that it was not yet clear if the deal would be completed."
"The company said it was working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place and that the new rules are in place for the first time in a generation."
"\"I don't think there's a better way to do it than by having a conversation with the people who are going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the fire."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next two years, but it is expected to be paid in full in 2017."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to get a lot of the things that we need to get done,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a replacement for the iPhone for about a year and a half."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect and to determine the cause of death."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing the best possible service \"to its customers and staff, and that it would continue to work with the government to ensure that the new contract was implemented."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of the NHS are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it provided was accurate."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively looking \"at the possibility of a \"new \"scheme for the company, but it was not clear if the new rules would apply to the company's current operations."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, and they are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but it has not yet been confirmed whether it will be completed."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm looking forward to it,\" she said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy property in the city."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted between January and June."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and tell them that I had been arrested and that I had been arrested for a crime I did not commit."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 14. 40 on Thursday, after the company announced a plan to cut costs."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would not comment further."
"The company has also said it will be working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we face,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the president- elect,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place and that the new rules would be in place by the end of this year."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of the car and I was like, \"I don't know what it is."
"The company has also been criticised for its lack of transparency about its tax affairs, which are subject to a state of emergency."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm going to say what I think is best for the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced a plan to cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project and that it would be working with the city to secure the land."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on how to deal with the issue, but that it had not yet decided whether to pursue legal action."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people in a room,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticised for not paying its own staff, which has led to a surge in demand for its services."
"The U. S. has been the world's biggest trading partner for more than a decade, but the U. S. is also the world's biggest consumer of food."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to sit here and say I don't want to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last three months of 2015, including $ 1. 5 billion from a group of investors."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get my son back, but I didn't know what was going on."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to go through this again,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"delivery service to customers in the UK and Ireland."
"The company has been in talks with the government and is expected to announce a new contract in the coming weeks."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the election, and have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them to take me to the police station."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president in November."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site more attractive for developers to build."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to any foreign company unless it is in the national interest."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for its employees and customers \"and that it would continue to do so."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack in Paris on Nov."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and that it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to its customers and that it was committed to delivering the best possible service to its customers"
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and would provide a statement when it was ready."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of the public and the environment."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the matter, but that it was not yet clear what the government would do."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 17. 50 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 14. 50 on Thursday."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was wrong and I was told it was a very serious problem."
"The government has also said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the public in the event of a terrorist attack."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and that it was working to ensure the safety of its customers and that it was working to ensure the safety of its customers."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next few years,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 50 percent."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract, which will be announced in the coming weeks."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract, which is due to be announced on Monday."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project and would look to continue to develop it."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and then I went to the hospital."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement that would include $ 1. 5 million in compensation."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to continue to improve its performance."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in December that it was closing in a $ 1. 5 billion cash position."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years, but had not yet received a response from Apple."
"The government is also expected to announce a new scheme to help people who have lost their jobs to find new ones."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors and had raised $ 2. 5 billion in equity from investors."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"The U. S. has been the world's leading provider of advanced cancer drugs for more than a decade."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, to the public."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's not working,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it's going to be a good one,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a little bit of fun,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"\"I think the best way to do that is to make sure that the people who are in charge of the country are in charge of the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent at $ 14. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The government has said the new rules will help reduce the number of people who are unable to work because of the lack of employment opportunities."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was looking to expand into other markets."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion from investors in the first quarter, and that it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the third quarter."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, but they are down more than 1 percent this year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for what's right,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 15. 30 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 percent at $ 1. 66."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers, and that it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it had received was accurate."
"I don't think it's a big deal, but it's a big deal to me because I'm not going to be able to do anything about it."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 30. 40 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down 1. 1 percent at $ 30. 40."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a new contract for the next five years."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I would have to go to the hospital."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was working to raise $ 2 billion in the next two years."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that it was working to improve customer experience."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 4 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 70 in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system for the first time in the country's history, which will see the number of people eligible for benefits reduced."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the new rules were in place and that the new rules would be in place by the end of the year."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 25. 33 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was up more than 1 percent."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe, secure and efficient transportation system for our customers \"and that it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure the safety of our customers."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's a very important thing to do in the United States,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, and that it would be working with the government on the issue."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site more attractive for development."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site more attractive for development."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about a possible sale of the property, but it has not yet been approached."
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not the people who are in charge of the NHS."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would not comment further."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the UK in the single market for another decade, and that it will not be able to keep the UK in the single market for a decade."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the documents were obtained."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, but that it had not raised any money from the public."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport and the sport of rugby to have a bit of a say in what happens,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was in the process of selling its stake in the company."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the fourth quarter."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the government would have to make a decision on whether to extend the contract."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to be a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The company has also been criticised for its handling of the issue of the number of people who have died in the fire."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The first is that the government has not been able to get the necessary support from the European Union and the European Central Bank."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it is too slow."
"The first thing I would say is that we are not going to have a situation where we are going to have a problem with the EU."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and well- being of our customers \"and the safety of their vehicles."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and the safety of its products."
"The government is also expected to announce a new law that will make it easier for people to register to vote."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the best way to handle the issue."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the cuts on the economy, which is estimated to be around \u00a3 2 billion a year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard and try to get better,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and get a lawyer to get my case dismissed."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next five years."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, after falling more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say that we're going to have a recession, but we're going to have a recession,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a job."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is owned by the family, for more than a decade."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the fire."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The government has said it will take action to protect the rights of the children, but it has not yet said how it will do so."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but has yet to receive a response."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can"
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be the first person to go to the White House."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the plan and that it would be working with the government on the plan in the coming weeks."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would not comment further."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, and the stock has lost about a third of its value in the past year."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the results."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 99 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down more than 1 percent."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it was \"actively looking \"at ways to improve its customer experience and that it would be working with the government to improve its customer experience."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how to resolve the issue."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in debt."
"The company has also been criticised for its handling of the death of a man who was found dead in his home."
"\"I'm not sure that it's going to be a good thing for the game,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but it was not clear whether the government would sign it."
"The company said it would be \"extremely difficult \"to get the new iPhone 7 to the US market, and that it would be \"extremely difficult \"to get the new iPhone 7 to the UK market."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about a possible deal, but that it was not yet ready to announce it."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that, because it's not going to be a big deal."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private equity firms."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 14. 40 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of its investigation and that it was \"fully committed \"to the investigation."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's first public offering in 2014."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was looking at a range of options, including a licence to operate in the UK."
"The company has been in talks with the government and is expected to announce a new plan in the coming weeks."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on a range of options to improve its services, including a new headquarters in the UK."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut 1, 500 jobs."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but it has yet to receive a response from the government."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new contract, which will be paid for by the state."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible for the breach."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the privacy of its employees."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 1. 14, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 per cent."
"The government's plan to cut the number of EU migrants living in the UK from around 500, 000 to around 200, 000 is being challenged by the Home Office."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial of the app in the coming weeks."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by about 30, 000 in the next three years."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for what's right,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the rights of the disabled in the new law, which is due to be introduced in the coming weeks."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and then I went to the hospital."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who will be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was ready to sign a deal."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the UK remained in the single market, but that it would not be able to guarantee the free movement of people."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in the business have a voice,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience \"and that it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure the safety of customers."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 25. 50 on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 14. 50 on Wednesday."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and said it would continue to monitor the situation."
"The company said it had received a \"significant number \"of complaints from customers about the service, which was not available in the UK."
"The company said it was working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process, and that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process of the trial."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 1. 30, their lowest price since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm going to say that I'm very happy to be here,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of EU citizens living in the UK."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private equity firms."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has promised for the next two years."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year and that it was working on a new product for the next year."
"The company has been in talks with the government since the start of the year, but has yet to make a decision."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 9. 40 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors and was working with investors to bring the project to life."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the response,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and venture capital firms."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year and a half, but was not ready to reveal any details."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks unless it is clear that the UK will not be part of the talks."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was in the process of raising $ 2 billion from private investors."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors in the last two years, with a further $ 1. 6 billion from investors in the last quarter."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we have to make sure that we have a good squad,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working to develop a new product."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private equity firms."
"The company has been in talks with the government and is expected to announce its plans for a new headquarters in the coming months."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 3 billion in debt from investors."
"The government has said it will not allow any of the migrants to enter the country until they are granted asylum."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey, and has been in direct contact with the Islamic State since the beginning of the year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 1 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission about a possible settlement."
"The first thing I did was to get a good look at the video and see if there was anything else."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 1. 27 on Wednesday, and were down 1. 1 percent at $ 1. 30."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than a quarter of its value in the past year."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for all employees \"and said it would continue to work with the police and fire departments to ensure the safety of all employees."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but has yet to receive a response."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government to sell the shares, but the deal is not expected to be completed until late 2017."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them if they could help."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was looking to sell the business to a third party."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its products."
"The company has been under pressure to improve its image in the wake of the scandal, which has seen more than 1, 000 people sacked."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to stand up for the American people,\" she said."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team, but we have to be patient and we have to be patient with the players."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask for a ticket."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better and to see how we can work together,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for more than a year and was confident it would be completed by the end of the year."
"The company has been in talks with the government and the European Commission about the future of its operations in the UK."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and they have lost about a third of their value since the election."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site safer and more secure."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last three years, with the goal of raising $ 3 billion in the next three years."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money until the end of the parliament, which is due to start on April 1."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to talk about the issues that we care about,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the incident and would provide \"a full explanation \"as soon as possible."
"The government has said it will not take any action until the UK leaves the EU, but it is understood to be considering a formal exit."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the sport and the sport of rugby to have a female president,\" she said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the possibility of a new contract for the next five years."
"The company has also been criticised for its lack of transparency about its tax affairs, which have been reported by the Guardian."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 1. 30 after the announcement."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers across the UK and the world."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll be able to get a deal done,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The company has also been criticised for its lack of transparency in the wake of the scandal, which has seen more than 1, 000 people have been sacked."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in the first quarter of this year, up from $ 1. 6 million in the previous quarter."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was ready to take on the job."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, to the public."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was ready to sign up to a deal."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said were \"significantly improved \"over the same period last year."
"The company said it was \"actively looking \"at ways to improve its customer experience and that it would continue to work with the government to improve its customer experience."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had a $ 1. 6 billion goal in the first quarter."
"I think that's a good thing, because if you're going to have a good team, you're going to have a good team."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new school until the new building is completed."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent to $ 1. 20 on Thursday after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it had been working with the government and the European Commission on a plan to bring the rules into force in the UK."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company's data was used."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about that, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to stand up for the people,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow women to vote in the upcoming general election."
"The company's shares fell more than 5% in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10% in the next few months."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next three years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is expected to cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past 12 months."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and said it would continue to invest in the UK."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 14, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 per cent."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next five years."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"I think it's a very good thing that the people who are in charge of the NHS are now in charge of the NHS."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and well- being of its customers \"and that the company was committed to continuing to provide the best possible service to customers."
"The company has been in talks with the government on a plan to build a new nuclear power plant in the UK, but has not yet received a response."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the investigation and that it would continue to work with the police and the FBI."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and said it had been working with the government to improve the system."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for several months and that it was in talks with the government."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, and that it had been working on a new product for the last two years."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to be detained without charge if they are suspected of a crime."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 32. 25 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted in the UK."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll see a lot of growth in the next few years."
"\"I'm not saying that we're going to win the nomination, but we're going to win the nomination,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to secure the UK's exit from the EU."
"The company's shares were down 2. 9 percent at $ 14. 30 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 9 percent at $ 1. 25."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy a home."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, but the new system will be based on the income of the top 1 per cent."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"category of products to customers in the future."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government and the European Commission about a possible sale of the aircraft."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 1. 26, while the S & P 500 index gained more than 1 percent."
"The U. S. has been on a high- speed rail journey from New York to Los Angeles since the 1970s."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a child, but I think it's a good idea."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and were down more than 1 percent on the day before."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, but that it had not yet received a final offer."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent on Friday, and they are up more than 2 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from the U. S. government."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and had agreed to pay the $ 1. 5 million in compensation."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit of a girl now, but I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit of a girl now."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, and it expects to raise $ 2 billion in the first quarter."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not alone,\" he said, adding that the United States is also a part of the solution."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 5 million in the first quarter and $ 1. 6 million in the second."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good thing for the players,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 11. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 percent at $ 2. 16 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 1 percent."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is provided to our customers \"and that it was working with the authorities to ensure that the best possible service is provided to the public."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that I'm not going to be in the White House,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors and had a \"strong track record \"of delivering high- quality products."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 25. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares were down 2. 4 percent at $ 30. 25 in after- hours trading."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the last year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent to $ 30. 99 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its products."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House, but I do think it's a good idea."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in care by more than 10, 000 a year."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 4 percent to $ 11. 60 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is provided to our customers \"and that it was committed to providing the best possible service to our customers."
"The company's shares fell as much as 10 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, but they rose again on Wednesday."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service is provided to our customers \"and that it was working to improve customer service."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion from investors in the last three months and was expecting to raise $ 2 billion in the next two years."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 3 billion in compensation from the U. S. government in the last three years."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and tell them that I had been arrested."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but that it was not ready for prime time."
"The company said it had received a \"significant amount \"of customer complaints about the service, which it said was \"fully working \"with the police."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of the way the city has responded."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the best way to handle the issue."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
