"The number of people who are homeless in the UK is expected to rise by 1. 5 million over the next five years, according to a report."
"The company said it expects to add more than 500, 000 jobs over the next five years, and it plans to hire more than 1. 5 million people."
"The British government has been working on a deal with Iran to end the five- year- old war, which has killed more than 300, 000 people."
"The report said that while the average age of the UK's first female Prime Minister has increased from 25 to 34, the average age of the UK's first female Prime Minister has fallen from 36 to 29."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the vast majority of the time, the people who are involved in the decision- making are not the people who are going to make the decision,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the people of the United States, for the people of the United States, for the people of the United States to know that we are not going to be a country of immigrants,\" he said."
"The police are investigating the incident, but have not yet made a decision on whether to charge the man or woman."
"I'm not sure how much I would have to pay for that, but I'd be willing to pay that up front."
"The couple's first child, a daughter, is due in September, but the couple said they are not expecting a second child."
"The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in Glasgow have called for him to be given a chance."
"The company has also said it will invest $ 1 billion in the U. S. and $ 500 million in Mexico."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 6 billion investment from U. S. venture capital firm Johnson & Johnson."
"The most recent data show that the number of people who have been infected has dropped by more than half since the outbreak began."
"The new rules are expected to be in place by the end of the year, but the company said it was still looking for ways to improve its business."
"The first time I saw him was when he was in the gym and I was like, I can't believe it."
"\"I don't think there's anything wrong with that,\" he said, adding that he would have liked to have had a conversation with Trump."
"The company said it had been working with the government to improve the safety of its products, but it was unclear if the government would take action."
"\"I think it's important to note that the situation is different in the United States,\" he said."
"It's not a great feeling, but I'm sure it's going to be a great feeling for the rest of the season."
"The last time the Fed raised rates in December, it was at its highest level since the late 1980s."
"The UK's first female prime minister has said that she will not seek the presidency until she has a clear majority."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I've been in this business for a long time,\" he said."
"\"It's a very important game for us, but we need to be ready for the next one,\" he said."
"The company said it had invested $ 1. 5 billion in the project, which will be completed by the end of 2017."
"The government is also expected to announce a new policy on the issue of asylum seekers, which is expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks."
"\"I think we're all in this together,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to win the nomination."
"The study found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease increased from 1. 2 million in 2003 to 3. 5 million in 2014."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the sport and for the fans,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your body in the right place, and then you can go for a run."
"I'm not sure what the future holds but I'm sure that we'll be in a better place than we are now."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get a good look at the players and see what they're capable of."
"But I don't think it's a bad thing to have a plan in place, and I think that's what we're going to do."
"The former secretary of state's win in Iowa and her loss in New Hampshire could be a factor in the next general election."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I was in a position where I had to make a decision,\" he said."
"It's not that I don't want to play football, but I'm not sure I want to play football, either."
"\"I have to say, I don't think it's a good idea for the United States to be in the camp,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a bad thing, but it's a big deal to have a guy like that in the team."
"\"I think it's a good idea, but I don't know if it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The woman's husband, who was not injured, was taken to hospital with serious injuries, according to the police."
"\"It's not a surprise that the number of people who are in the hospital is increasing,\" he said."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by more than a third, the report said, with more than a third of those who have lost their jobs in the past year."
"It's a bit like the way you're going to get your teeth into a football club when you're not there."
"\"We're going to have a lot of people who are going to be very upset,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people living in poverty in England and Wales increased by 2. 7 per cent between 2010 and 2015."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand that the government is not the only one in this country that's going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to get the economy going again,\" he said, adding that he was \"very optimistic \"about the economy's prospects."
"It's not a surprise that the majority of the population is against a ban on same- sex marriage, but that is not the case in Scotland."
"The reason we have to do it is because we are not going to be able to do it on our own."
"\"I'm not going to lie: I'm not going to say that I'm a fan of Donald Trump,\" he said."
"The two sides are expected to agree a new deal in the coming days, but the details of the deal remain unclear."
"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's important to do it in a way that is not just a political statement."
"The company's shares have lost about 10 percent of value since the start of the year, according to the Wall Street Journal."
"He said he had been \"trying to get a good job \"but was told he would have to wait until the end of the year."
"The company said in a statement that it was \"committed to the protection of our customers \"and \"will continue to do so \"in light of the latest developments."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and I was told that I had to pay a fine and I would be sent to prison."
"It's not that the game is not playing well, but it's not that it's not playing well for the players."
"The couple had been married for more than a decade and had two children together, but had split up in 2010."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for us, but I am very excited to be working with the team,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're getting a little bit more attention,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how you can be in the position of having a president who has said he's going to make the decision,\" he said."
"I have a lot of respect for the people that are here, and I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that they have a good life."
"The company has also said it will not be releasing any information about its plans for the next year."
"\"I've got a lot of friends who are in the business, and they're all saying, \"I'm not sure what to do."
"The family of a missing 15- year- old boy have been contacted by police after he was last seen on CCTV."
"\"I think it's a good idea for the government to look at it, but I think it's important for the public to understand that we are not going to be able to keep this going forever,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him was in the second set, when I was in the ring with him and he was on top."
"\"We have been working on this for a long time, and we are going to be working on it for a long, long time,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been arrested for terrorism offences in England and Wales had increased by 1. 6 million between 2014 and 2015."
"The company said it had cut its workforce by about half in the first quarter of this year, and that it had cut back on its workforce in the second quarter."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm really excited to be back in the ring with a new guy,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, and it's a good thing for the fans,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than a third since 2010."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to say that I'm a woman and I'm a man,\" she said."
"\"I think the best way to deal with it is to just get on with it,\" he said."
"It's not about the money, it's about the people who have to go through it and it's not just about the money."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the world to see the world in a more positive light,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to add more than 1, 000 jobs in the first half of 2016, up from about 1, 200 in the first half of 2015."
"The company said it had lost more than $ 1 billion in the last 12 months and that it was facing a $ 1. 3 billion loss in the first quarter of this year."
"The woman, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, police said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a strong leader, and a strong leader who is going to stand up for what's right for the people of this great country,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating a New York Times story that said the FBI had arrested a man in New York who was suspected of planning a terror attack."
"But I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that for the next four years."
"He said he had been in touch with the woman and her family, but had not been able to reach her."
"\"I've been in the business a long time and I've seen the impact it has had on the business,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for 15 years, and I've never seen a business like this,\" he said."
"It's a good way to get the word out, but it's not the only way to get the word out."
"\"I think the president- elect is going to have to do a better job of explaining to the American people what he's doing,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that in the first quarter of this year, the number of people aged over 65 in England and Wales has risen by 1. 3 per cent, compared to the same period last year."
"The study also found that the proportion of people in the UK who have a disability has increased by about one- quarter since the 1980s."
"The company has also been criticised for failing to take into account that the new contract would be paid in full."
"I think it's a very good thing that we're going to be able to do that with the new technology."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The incident happened on the same day the first of the two major terror attacks in Paris in November that killed 130 people."
"The average age at which people start to get pregnant is now 25, and the number of women in their 20s has increased by more than a third."
"It's not like I'm going to be in the top 10, I'm not going to be in the top 10, I'm not going to be in the top 10."
"But it's also a good thing to have someone who is going to be a good friend of mine, someone who I think is going to be a good friend of mine, someone who I think is going to be a good friend of mine"
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of life for the people who work there."
"The average age of the first- time buyers in the UK is 25- and that figure is expected to rise to 34 by 2020."
"The state's attorney general has said he will not seek re- election, and the state Supreme Court has said it will not hear a challenge to the election."
"I don't know if he's been in the hospital or not, but I know he's been in there."
"The company said it had been working on its own plans for the project, but that it was not ready to announce the date."
"The company has been criticised for its handling of the death of a man who had been found dead in his home in the early hours of Saturday morning."
"The number of people who say they are not sure whether to give birth has dropped from a high of more than 4. 5 million in 1995 to less than 1. 5 million in 2015."
"The company said it had been \"actively working with law enforcement \"on the investigation and that it was \"fully confident \"that the matter would be closed."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Justice Department and other federal agencies since the start of the year."
"\"We are very pleased that we have been able to bring the two new members in and we look forward to continuing to work with them,\" he said."
"\"I don't think he was trying to be mean,\" said the former Republican governor of New Jersey."
"The company said it had been working on the project since the summer, but was still in the early stages of planning."
"It's a great way to start your career and it's a great way to be part of something that's going to change your life."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to say, but I think we have to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good idea to have a lot of people who are in the business and are very good at it,\" he said."
"He said the government had been \"very clear that it is not going to be a one- off,\" but that it was \"not going to be a one- off \"for the NHS."
"The US, which has been a key ally of Assad since the start of the civil war, has been pushing for a political transition in Syria."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but has not yet been able to secure a sale."
"The question now is whether the government will be able to get the UK's position on the issue of free movement of labour."
"The company has said it will take the case to the Supreme Court, but it has not made any public statements about the outcome."
"I think we've got a very good team in the dressing room and I think we've got a lot of good players in the dressing room."
"It's not a great way to spend your time, but it's a good way to spend your money."
"Theresa May has said she is \"not sure \"if Britain will remain in the EU following the Brexit vote."
"\"I think we've got to make sure we're not just going to be talking about it,\" he said."
"The first thing you do when you're in the middle of a conversation is to ask yourself what you're going to say next."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and is down more than 15 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what's going on,\" he said."
"He said the company had made a commitment to pay the $ 10 million in back taxes that were due in the first quarter of 2016."
"The U. S. and its allies have been bombing Islamic State since mid- 2014, when the group was still a terror group."
"\"We have been working with the government on a number of issues including the UK's membership of the European Union and the UK's role in the European Union,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a good relationship with a partner,\" he said."
"The company said it was working to improve its customer service, and said it was working to improve its customer service, and said it was working to improve its customer service, and said it was working to improve its customer service, and that it"
"The problem is that the system is not working, and that's why we're trying to make it work."
"The new report, released on Monday, shows that the number of people using the internet to access and share news has increased by nearly a third."
"The Government has made it clear that it will not be accepting a deal that would see the UK leave the single market."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I think the only thing that can really change that is that we have to look at the whole picture,\" he said."
"\"We have to make sure that we are able to get the best deal possible for the people of this country,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to be able to say, \"I'm going to do it,\" and then you can go back and do it."
"\"I don't know what he's going to do, but I'm going to keep my job,\" she said."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Thursday morning and taken to a local police station for questioning."
"But, I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be the ones to take over the presidency will be the people who will be the ones to take over the Senate."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people aged between 25 and 54 has increased by a third since the mid- 1980s."
"I have been in the business for 25 years and I have never seen a more talented and talented group of people."
"\"I've been doing this for a long time and I've always had a good relationship with the people I'm working with,\" he said."
"It is a very difficult decision, but I am determined to make the right decision and I will do everything I can to make sure that happens."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, while its shares have risen more than 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, so I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I've been a part of the process and I've been able to see the process and I'm very proud of what we've been able to do,\" he said."
"The government has said it will be \"fully engaged \"with the UK government's review of the EU's net migration targets."
"\"I think that's what the people of the United States should be concerned about,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the gym and just do my best and I think that's what I did."
"The company said it was \"working closely with the authorities \"to establish the cause of the accident and was aware of the situation."
"The government is trying to make sure that the new rules are implemented, but it is not working."
"The UK is the only country in the EU with a law that says the death penalty is not a crime."
"\"I think we're going to have a lot of good things happen in the next few months,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all new members of the club and will be introduced in the coming weeks."
"The only thing that I can say is that I am really happy with the way I have been playing and I think it's a good sign for the team."
"The company said it would invest $ 1. 5 billion in the U. S. and $ 500 million in the U. K. to develop new products."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. has no information about the death of the man."
"But it's not just the people who are going to be affected by the changes, it's the entire industry."
"The company has been under pressure to improve its performance in the past year as it struggles to attract new customers."
"It's not a bad thing to be a part of a team that's going to be a big part of our success."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent at $ 35. 23 in after- hours trading."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get a little bit of a feel for what we're doing."
"It is not known if he was in the car at the time of the shooting or if he was in the car at the time of the shooting."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who don't think they're going to be able to afford it,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we're in this position and that we're trying to get better."
"The first is that the government has failed to make the case for a new, more efficient and cost- effective approach to the drug."
"He said: \"We've got a lot of work to do to get the best deal for the UK."
"The former secretary of state and first lady, who is also a senator from New York, has been critical of the administration's handling of the crisis in Aleppo."
"The team's new manager, Andy Murray, said he was \"very happy \"with the way the team performed in the first round."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a lot of people who are coming in,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the election, but I will say that I'm not going to be a candidate for president,\" he said."
"The club is looking at the possibility of a move to another stadium, but it is not clear whether the club will be willing to sell."
"The first thing I did was to get a job as a writer, and I was very lucky to have a good job."
"The company's shares were down 2. 6 percent at $ 1. 10 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not introduce any new tax, and the government has said it will not introduce a new rate of tax."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to do it again,\" he said."
"He said the company had not been aware of the incident until it was reported in the media, and that it had not been aware of the incident for a long time."
"\"I don't think there's a better time to be a mother,\" she said, \"because you're going to have to live with it."
"I think it's a good way to get some perspective on the situation, and I think that's what I'm looking for."
"\"I'm not going to say what happened, but I know that I was there,\" he said."
"The company said it would continue to work with the government on the project, which it said was a \"significant \"impact."
"\"I'm not sure how I'll feel about that, but I'll be fine,\" she said."
"The U. S. has been the world's most powerful nation since the end of World War II, and it has the highest number of people in the world with a college degree, according to the World Bank."
"I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not, but I think it's good."
"The US- led coalition has been carrying out airstrikes against the Islamic State since mid- 2014, but the coalition has yet to take action against the group."
"It's a big game for us, and we're going to have to play well to get the points."
"The former secretary of state is expected to announce her support for the Republican nominee on Monday, the same day the party's convention begins in Cleveland."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about what is going on in the world,\" he said."
"The company said it had a \"significant \"number of employees, and that it had \"a strong \"market \"in the UK."
"The company said it would also be offering a free trial of the app in the UK and Ireland, as part of its deal with the BBC."
"But the reality is that the same people who are making the decisions about the future of the country will be making the decisions about the future of the country."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be more open, and I think it's a good thing for the game to be more competitive,\" he said."
"The most recent figures show the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has fallen by more than a third since 2010."
"\"We are going to have to work with the government to get the right legislation passed,\" he said."
"The company has been under pressure to improve its image in the wake of the scandal, which has seen its stock fall by more than 50% in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a debate about this,\" he said, \"but it's not going to happen."
"\"I'm not going to be the one to tell you what to do,\" he said, \"but I'll tell you what I'm going to do."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure that you're not going to be in a position where you're not going to be able to play."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I didn't think I would be in the position I am in,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy, who was born with a rare form of cancer, died on Saturday."
"The government's official position is that the UK has the right to decide what kind of access to the single market it wants."
"The new survey found that the majority of people in the UK are still not sure what to do with their money."
"The U. S. has been on a roll since the election of Donald Trump, the Republican presidential candidate, and the U. S. has seen its share of economic growth since he won the election."
"I've been in the business for 15 years and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to make sure that the money is spent properly and effectively, and for failing to ensure that the money is spent in the right way."
"The first thing that comes to mind is that we're not going to get a lot of money for the next two years."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm a bad person, but I'm not a bad person,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, and that it was considering the issue."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not in a situation where we're not in a position to do that."
"It's a great way to get a sense of the game and to know what's going on."
"I think we have to be careful, because we're going to have to be careful about what we say to the people who are going to be in the White House."
"I have been on the road a long time and I have to say I am very happy with the results."
"\"I've been in the business for 25 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to go out and play and see what they can do,\" he said."
"\"It's a big part of the game, but it's not a big part of the game,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to report a net profit of $ 1. 7 billion in the first half of 2016."
"It's not just about how you look, it's how you think, how you live, how you look, how you look, and how you look."
"But it's also true that the US has a history of using its influence in the Middle East to advance its own interests."
"\"I'm not going to say that I don't like it, but it's not going to be a big deal,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell I'm talking about,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to lie \"to the public."
"The first thing we did was to get the boys to go to the hospital and we had to get them to the hospital because the ambulance was going to take them to the hospital."
"The next step is to get the money back to the states, and then we'll see how that goes."
"The couple, who are both from the US, have been married for 25 years and have three children together."
"The new study, published in the journal Science, also found that the more people who are diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, the more likely they are to develop the disease."
"He said he had no idea what he was going to do with his life and that he was going to be in a position of responsibility."
"The former secretary of state, who has been campaigning for Clinton, has said she would not support a third- party candidate."
"I think we've been a little bit too aggressive with the way we've gone about it, and we've got to take it one game at a time."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested after a police officer arrived at the scene and found him."
"\"It's a very, very difficult situation to be in and I'm very proud of my team,\" he said."
"The United Nations has warned that the situation in Aleppo could become \"very serious \"if the government forces continue to advance."
"The idea is that the next generation will have access to the same knowledge and skills as the ones they had before."
"The second part of the question was whether the current system was fair and effective, and whether there was any evidence that it was."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for the industry to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this."
"The most important thing is that we get to the bottom of what happened and we can get to the bottom of what happened."
"The last thing I want is to be in the position where I am, and I want to be able to go out and do what I want to do."
"The company's shares were down 1 percent at $ 23. 46 on Wednesday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 4 percent."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about this because it's a very important issue in the United States,\" she said."
"The United States is the only major country that has not implemented a ban on the sale of marijuana in the United States."
"It's not that we don't want to be a part of it, but it's not that we don't want to be part of it."
"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's something that we should all be doing."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held on a charge of attempted murder."
"\"We are very confident that the people of the United Kingdom will be able to vote for a new leader of the free world,\" he said."
"\"I think we're all going to have to be more careful about what we say and what we say to our friends and family,\" he said."
"The fact that they are in a position to do so is a sign that the government is not prepared to take that risk."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not doing this, because it's not going to be a problem."
"The video was posted on Facebook and has been viewed more than 4, 000 times since it was posted on Sunday."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced by the end of the year, but it is not yet clear what effect the changes will have on the industry."
"\"I think the thing that's most important is that we have a good relationship with the United States,\" he said."
"\"It's been a long time coming and I'm really looking forward to it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and that it was in talks with the European Commission and the European Council on a deal."
"\"I think it's important to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government is set to announce a new scheme to help people who are homeless to pay for their own housing costs."
"\"I have to say, I'm not sure I would have been able to do it,\" he said."
"The country's unemployment rate is now 4. 9 percent, the lowest level since the start of the crisis, and the unemployment rate for the labor force is at a record low of 6. 0 percent."
"The company said it had been working on a new software update for the iPhone 7 and was working on a replacement for the phone."
"The government's announcement comes as the government is preparing to introduce legislation to give councils the power to ban people from driving for up to six months."
"I've been working with the club for over a year now and I've been working with a lot of different people, so I'm really excited to get started."
"The reason is that the government is trying to make it easier for people to get a job, to get a pension and to get a home."
"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's a very important thing to do in the United States, too."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country that we're not going to have a president who is not going to be able to do what he's supposed to be able to do,\" he said."
"The company's shares were trading at $ 44. 28 on Wednesday after the news broke, and are down $ 1. 57."
"The U. S. Department of Justice announced in a statement on Thursday that it would review the case."
"The number of people who have been killed in the war has increased from 9, 000 to 13, 000 since the start of the conflict, the UN says."
"\"I don't think we're going to be able to do that in the next couple of months,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it had raised $ 1. 7 billion in funding."
"He said he was \"very concerned \"about the \"vast majority \"of people who said they would vote for Mr Corbyn."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen nearly 20 percent in the past year, and the company has lost more than $ 1 billion in the last two years."
"The company said it had invested $ 1. 6 billion in the U. S. and $ 1. 9 billion in Mexico, and that it expects to make $ 3. 8 billion in the U. S. and $ 3. 9"
"It's not that I'm not interested in it, but I'm not interested in the fact that I'm not going to be able to do it."
"\"We are not going to let this happen again,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to let this happen again \"if the United States did not take the matter seriously."
"\"I'm not sure what the situation is, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be in the team,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"I'm not sure that's the right way to do it, but I think it's a good way to do it."
"\"We are very pleased to have won the title, and we are looking forward to the next round,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be a senator who's going to stand up for the people of this great state,\" he said."
"The new law, which was introduced in December, will apply to all migrants who are not Syrian refugees, but who are not from a war- torn country."
"The UK government has said it will not be making any further comment on the report until the end of the year."
"Theresa May has said that the UK will remain in the single market for at least five years, but that the EU will not be part of the single market for another five years."
"The government is expected to announce a new plan to tackle the problem by the end of the year, but it is unclear how the new measures will be implemented."
"It is a big game for us and we have to be ready for that and we have to be ready for that, and we have to be ready for that and we have to be ready for that, and we have to be ready for"
"The government's plan to build a new nuclear power station in the South China Sea is seen as a way to boost China's economy."
"\"I think it's a very important thing that the government can do,\" he said, adding that he would not support a \"hard Brexit \"if Britain left the EU."
"The US military has been conducting airstrikes in Yemen since March 2014, and has been carrying out airstrikes in the country for the past two years."
"\"We are not going to be able to get a deal done until we get the right people in place,\" he said."
"The U. S. government has said the U. S. has no evidence that Russia was behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee."
"\"I'm going to have to go back to the drawing board and make sure that we have a good team,\" he said."
"The United States is the only major country in the world to have a law that requires citizens to obtain a driver's license."
"\"I think the best thing for me is to just go out there and play my game and try to make the most of it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 6 billion from investors in 2015 and had raised $ 1. 8 billion from private equity firms."
"The government has said it will introduce a bill in the next parliament to force companies to pay the price of the cuts."
"The most recent figures show the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by 1. 2 million since the start of 2015."
"The fact that he's been in the spotlight for so long is not a surprise to me, and I've been in the spotlight for so long."
"The company said it had already paid out more than $ 1. 5 million in back taxes in the United States, Canada and Australia."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, which will be paid by the wealthy themselves."
"I'm not saying that's the way it should be, but I'm saying that it's the way it should be."
"But I'm not going to give up on my career because I have a chance to win the Super Bowl."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 8 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors including U. S. venture capital firm Johnson & Johnson."
"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do, but I'm going to be able to do a lot of things."
"I think it's a great idea, and I'm sure it's going to be a great idea, but I don't know what the future holds."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be a great president, but I'm going to be a great president,\" he said."
"It's not a great place to be, but it's a place where you can be yourself and be a part of the culture."
"The government's new plan is to make it easier for people to buy a home, and to make it easier for people to buy a car."
"The Prime Minister said the UK would continue to work with the EU on trade and the single market, as it had done for decades."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to have, and I think that's what we need to do,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state, who has said she will not support Trump, said she would be willing to work with him to bring about a change in the law."
"\"It's a really good way to get to know people and to see what they're like,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local branch and I was told that the branch had closed and they would be able to pick me up."
"The former secretary of state has been critical of the Obama administration's handling of the war in Iraq, saying it is not doing enough to help the country's struggling economy."
"The EU has said it will not be taking any action to stop the flow of migrants, but has said it will take action if it is needed."
"It's a great way to get a good look at the city, and I'm sure there's plenty of people out there who are looking for that."
"But the new study also found that the number of people who were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes increased by 40 percent between 2000 and 2014."
"The United States has been the world's leading provider of advanced cancer treatment, and the United States is also the world's leading provider of advanced cancer care."
"\"We are going to be the most powerful country in the world, and we're going to be the most powerful country in the world if we don't do something about climate change,\" he said."
"He said: \"I've been here for two years and I've never seen anything like it."
"The first time I saw him was when he was a little kid, and I was like, \"What is this?"
"The company said it would also pay out $ 1 million to the family of a victim of the attack."
"The government has said it will take action to ensure the safety of the public and the health of the people who live in the area."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect in 2017, will apply to all private health insurance plans in the state."
"The first thing I did was I went to the gym and I was told that I could not do it, but I was told that I could."
"The problem is that the first thing that happens is that the first thing that happens is that the first thing that happens is that the first thing that happens is that the first thing that happens is that the first thing that happens is that the first"
"\"I think it's a good idea to be able to talk about it, because it's something that's been around for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised its share price by about 20 per cent to $ 1. 28 a share, and that it had been selling shares for a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut costs."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to try and do it,\" he said."
"I've been in the game a little bit more this year, but it's been a bit different."
"It was a good day to be honest, I thought I was going to be out for a while."
"The first of these is the UK's ability to negotiate trade deals with other EU countries, such as Ireland."
"The first thing I want to do is to show that I'm not just a politician, but a human being."
"The man was arrested at the scene and is being questioned by police, who are investigating the incident."
"The president- elect's team has said that he will not be attending the meeting, but the president- elect's team has also said it will not be attending."
"The company said it had made \"significant progress \"over the past year in its efforts to improve the customer experience."
"He said: \"I think it is a very important issue, and I think it is a very important issue for the UK as a whole."
"The Government's announcement comes as the Government is preparing to introduce a new law to tackle the problem of child abuse in schools."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not the only ones who are suffering from this,\" she said."
"\"It's not a matter of whether it's going to be good or bad,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the \u00a3 2 billion target set by the UN in its annual climate change report."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 50% since the start of the year, and its shares are down nearly 20% this year."
"\"I'm not going to be in the position where I'm not able to make a decision,\" he said."
"\"We've been in a really good position in the last couple of weeks,\" he said, \"but we've got to keep moving forward."
"The two- year- old boy was shot in the head and taken to hospital with serious injuries, the police said."
"\"I have been in the business for over 30 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has been clear that he will not be taking part in the talks unless he is invited by the EU."
"But if you're not a fan of the idea of a woman president, you're not a fan of the idea of a woman president either."
"The government has said it will review the decision and is expected to make a decision by the end of the year."
"He said: \"I think it's a good thing that we have a new leader who is going to be able to bring a lot of new people in."
"I don't know if he's ever going to get over it, but I'm sure he's going to."
"It's not a great feeling to be out there and to be out there, but it's a good feeling."
"The first thing you have to do is to get yourself into the right frame of mind and then you can go out and do it."
"The US has been pushing for a ceasefire in Syria for more than a year, but the government has yet to agree on what to do."
"\"It's not a good thing for the people of the United States to have a president who is not a real leader,\" he said."
"It's a big part of my game and I'm going to try to keep it that way."
"\"I've been in this business for 30 years and it's been a great success,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future will hold, but I'm sure it will be better than what we've been through,\" he said."
"The government's position is that it will not be allowed to continue to allow the practice in the future."
"The police have been called to the scene and the man has been taken to hospital for treatment, the statement said."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent since the announcement, but they are up more than 20 percent this year."
"\"I don't think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is not in the best interests of the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm very confident that we will be able to do that,\" he said."
"The report said the Government was \"not prepared to engage in a political process \"and urged the public to support a \"political solution \"to the conflict."
"The next day, the police officer who had been working the night shift was shot and killed by a man who was armed with a knife."
"\"I think it's important to get people to understand that the government has a responsibility to protect the public interest,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 1. 3 billion for the quarter, which is a drop from $ 1. 6 billion a year ago."
"It's a very difficult situation to play in, especially when you're playing against a team that's so good."
"The report said the UK would be the first to lose its place in the EU in the wake of Brexit."
"The other day, I was talking to a guy who's a former New York City Police Department officer who was on the ground floor of a Manhattan apartment building."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a single- issue candidate,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to be a better team."
"\"I'm not going to say that it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say that it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had already made \"significant progress \"in the last 12 months, but was still in the early stages of its plans."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about that, but I'm going to say that we're going to have a better relationship with Russia,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down more than 20 percent this year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The police said they were investigating the incident and the man was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for his injuries."
"The move comes after the government announced it would no longer allow the sale of the country's coal and natural gas to Russia."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion from investors in 2015, including $ 1. 4 billion from a group of investors."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 35. 21 in after- hours trading."
"The woman's husband, who had been in the car with her, was able to get out of the car and run away, police said."
"The company said it was \"pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it had \"remained committed to delivering the results of the survey and its results will be reflected in the company's future."
"\"I have been told by the police that it is a crime of passion to murder someone,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how many people are going to be able to get a seat in the first place,\" he said."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been detained has increased by more than 20 per cent since the start of the year."
"But I think it's important that we have a conversation about what we're doing, and what we're doing to make it better."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has been investigating the company for more than a decade, but it has not yet filed criminal charges against the company."
"It's not a big deal, because it's the only way to get the best deal possible, and it's not the only way to get the best deal."
"The two- time world champion has been working hard to improve his fitness and is now focusing on the Olympics."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 2 billion worth of shares in the company's first quarter."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get some good players in and to get some good players in and to get some good players in and to get some good players in."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 10 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"The company said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that the government is doing something,\" he said."
"It's the first time I've ever been in the room and I'm just so proud of the guys."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting has risen to more than 100, 000, according to UN figures."
"It's a great feeling, and I'm sure he'll be back to do well in the next couple of weeks."
"The first time I was there, I was in the middle of a practice session and I had to be there for the first time in my life."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say, and we have to be very careful about what we say about the other side,\" he said."
"It's not that I'm not a good person, it's just that I don't know what I'm doing."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict in Syria has risen by more than 20, 000 since the start of the conflict in March 2011."
"It's a shame that the government has decided to go ahead with the plan, but it's not a bad idea."
"\"I've been through a lot, and I've been through a lot of things, and I'm going to get through them all,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what to say about the fact that we're going to be in a position to have a big impact on the economy,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first half of this year, a record amount."
"The police chief said the department was working to establish the cause of the shooting, and that the shooting was not suspicious."
"It's a big deal, but it's also a big deal because it's a big deal for the country, and it's a big deal for our country."
"It's a great opportunity to get to know the players, to see them in a different way, and to see them in a different way."
"The average age of the women was 33, compared with 32 in the men, and the average age of the women was 33 for men and 33 for women."
"\"I think it's going to be a very good thing for the country,\" he said in an interview."
"The company said it expects to open in the second half of 2016, and expects to close in 2017."
"It is a very, very, very difficult decision, and I am not going to be able to answer it."
"The group's latest annual report showed that the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen from a year ago to more than 1. 5 million."
"The government's response was to argue that the changes would only be made in the event of a Brexit vote."
"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I think it's a good thing for the game."
"The woman, who was not identified, was taken to hospital and her condition is not being released."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we've been doing the same thing for a while,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad and we have to be very, very careful with our players,\" he said."
"I have been in the game a long time and I have been playing well, but I have to go out and do what I can to get the best out of myself."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government and the European Union on how to respond to the incident."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go back to the old days,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the government is going to do about it,\" he said, adding that the government was working on a new law to protect the rights of migrants."
"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm sure it will be something that I'll be talking about with the team."
"\"We have a lot of people who are struggling, and we're trying to help them,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the interests of its employees."
"The company has been criticised for not doing enough to protect its customers from cyber attacks, which have been blamed for more than 10, 000 deaths in the past year."
"The United Nations says more than 1. 5 million people have been displaced since the conflict began in March 2011."
"The number of people living in poverty in the UK has fallen by more than a third since the 1980s, according to a new report."
"I don't know what the hell he's going to do with it, but he's got to go."
"The report said the number of people in the UK with mental health problems had increased by more than 20% since the age of 15."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1 billion in compensation from the government since the start of the year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 1. 32 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think we've got to be more careful about what we say and what we say about what we're doing,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be published on Wednesday, will be a key part of the government's strategy to tackle the problem."
"But the company is also making a big push to expand its workforce and boost its bottom line, with the company's stock up more than 50 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good idea, and I think it's a good idea for the whole country,\" he said."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in September."
"The government has promised to take in more than 1, 000 refugees from the camps in the north of the country."
"\"We've got a lot of work to do and I'm sure we'll be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him, he was in a hospital, and I was thinking, he's gone."
"The US military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria since late August, but the coalition has not yet launched a major ground operation against the group."
"The former secretary of state's win was her third in a row and she was the first woman to win the presidency."
"But the biggest change is that the team has been able to take a different approach to the game and take the game to a whole new level."
"The man, who is believed to be a member of the Islamic State, was taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm against the idea of a woman president,\" she told reporters in New York."
"The police said the man was taken into custody without incident and was taken to a hospital with serious injuries."
"But he also said the government was working to ensure that the UK remains a member of the European Union, and that it was committed to the single market."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the Oval Office,\" she said."
"The government is also looking to increase the number of schools in the city, which is home to more than a million people."
"The company's shares fell as much as 6 percent in after- hours trading on Monday, after the company said it would cut production in the United States and Mexico."
"The first was a 16- year- old girl who was shot in the leg and killed by a police officer."
"He said he had been in contact with the couple's two children, aged seven and five, and had been in touch with them for a few days."
"The British government is expected to announce a new strategy for the UK to boost its economic growth by cutting its deficit and cutting tax."
"\"I think we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be very disappointed,\" he said."
"I think that's why I've been doing this for so long, because I don't want to give up."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year and is down more than 30 percent in the last 12 months."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK did not take in more migrants from Europe."
"\"I think we have a very good team and we are in a good position to win the league,\" he said."
"\"I think the reason that I'm here is because I'm a woman, and I'm going to be a woman,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure that's a good thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't think I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said of his future."
"I think we've been in a very good position in the last couple of weeks, and that's why we're in a good position."
"The company said it would be \"committed \"to improving customer experience and customer service in the future."
"\"I'm not saying we should take away all the guns, but we should make them available to people who need them,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer experience and to improve its overall business and operating performance, as well as to improve its financial condition and results of operations."
"\"We've got to make sure that we get the right people in the right places,\" he said."
"The first is the fact that there are no plans to expand the number of police officers on the streets of London."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see how we can improve,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for him, but I think he's going to have a good life,\" he said."
"It is not clear how many of the people who have been killed in the attacks are still alive, but the number is likely to rise."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to take a position on it,\" he said."
"But it is important to remember that the only way to make a difference is to be a part of the solution, not to be part of the problem."
"The former secretary of state also said she would not support a deal that would have cut taxes for the wealthy, which would have been a major source of revenue."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries, and the girl was taken to a local hospital for treatment."
"\"I don't think there's anything wrong with that,\" he said, adding that he had not heard of any such move."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict in Syria has increased by more than 10, 000 since the start of the conflict in March 2011."
"The group, which has about 1, 500 members, has been a key player in the fight against the Taliban in Afghanistan."
"The U. S. Department of Labor has also said it will take steps to reduce the number of overtime hours it will require for its workers."
"The last time the U. S. lost a major game in the series was in Game 5 of the World Series in 2006."
"The country's economy grew by 0. 4 per cent in the first quarter of this year, compared with 0. 4 per cent in the previous year."
"It's a tough place to be in, but it's a good place to be in, and it's a good place to be a part of."
"The company has said it will continue to provide services to the public through its social media channels, and will continue to make improvements in its operations."
"\"I think we have to be very careful about what we say and what we don't say,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the incident and was working with the authorities to establish the cause of the crash, which was not related to the company's operations."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been able to get a lot of great clients,\" he said."
"The first is that the government's own figures show that the number of people living in poverty in England and Wales is now at its lowest level in more than a decade."
"\"I think it's important to say that we're going to have to do more to make sure that we have a safe environment for women,\" she said."
"He said:'I was in a car with my mum and I was driving home when I heard the shots."
"The company has also been criticized for not doing enough to improve its online safety, which has been a major problem for the company."
"But I think it's a great opportunity for us to get back to where we were at the start of the year."
"I think we're going to have to find a way to get the ball back in the box and get the ball back into the box, which is a big challenge."
"The group's latest annual report shows that the number of people in the UK with mental health problems has risen by nearly a third since 2010."
"I think it's important to be able to say that we're not going to be able to do that."
"The move comes amid a growing debate over whether the UK should leave the European Union and whether it should be able to trade with the rest of the world."
"The group is also planning to launch a TV campaign to highlight the impact of the Zika virus on children and young people."
"But it's not the first time that a US company has been accused of hacking into a US government computer system."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the way we approach this issue,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the United States, and I think it's a very important issue for the world,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm sure I'll be back in a few years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion for the project, which will be built in partnership with a Chinese company."
"\"I think we're all going to have to make some changes,\" he said, adding that he had \"a lot of respect \"for the president."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 28. 33 on Thursday, after the company announced a plan to close its plant in China."
"The woman's family said she was a mother of two and a mother of two children, and that she had been \"a good mother \"to her daughter."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we get to know each other and learn from each other,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to get a good result and that's why I'm here,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players and the staff, and I'm looking forward to the next two weeks,\" he said."
"I think the most important thing is that we get to know each other, and that we get to know each other better."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict."
"I'm not going to say how I feel about the results, but I do think we have a very good chance of winning."
"The city's mayor said that the city's police department has been working to identify the suspect, who is believed to be from the area."
"The next day, he went to the police station and told them he had been assaulted and was being held in a police van."
"\"We have to be able to get the ball in the air and play our game, and that's what we're doing,\" he said."
"The US, Britain and France have all said they will not support the proposed changes and the European Commission has said it will not take sides."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 has risen by more than a third since the start of the year."
"The U. S. has been the world's most powerful country for the past two decades, but it is now the world's second- largest economy."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a group of guys that are going to be able to get the job done,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to make sure that we do everything we can to make sure that we do everything that we can to make sure that we do everything that we can to make sure that"
"The problem is that the government is not doing anything to stop the abuse of power, so it is not a good idea to make it illegal to do so."
"But it's not clear that the government will be able to get a deal that works for all."
"\"I've been working on this for a long time and I've got a lot of people that are working on it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I'm ready to go out there and be the guy that I am,\" he said."
"The study found that the average age at which women were given the procedure was 17. 7 years, while the average length of stay was just over six years."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they can do what they want,\" he said."
"The government has said the new legislation would be effective immediately, and that the new rules would apply to all of the country."
"He said: \"I've been in the business for 15 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good thing for the fans to know that they're not alone,\" he said."
"The latest data shows that in the first quarter of this year, the number of people who have been infected with Zika has risen by more than a third."
"The company said it was working to address the issue, but said it was not yet ready to provide any more details."
"The former secretary of state, who has been a vocal supporter of the president- elect, has said she will not run for the White House."
"\"I think it's important to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The group said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it was \"not surprised \"by the decision."
"The company said it had raised $ 4. 7 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 6 billion round from Chinese investors."
"\"I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to do it in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I'll be able to do it for a long time,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011, and more than 1. 5 million people have been displaced."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that are at the heart of this campaign,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to get the best out of your players and to have them in the team and in the team, and that's what we've done."
"It's a very important game for us, but we need to be better than that."
"The government is also planning to introduce a new law, which will make it illegal to sell alcohol in public places."
"The club's board and the players have been working together for the last few years and we are very proud of what we have achieved."
"\"We've got to find a way to get the ball back and play the way we want to play,\" he said."
"\"I think the only way to get a good deal for the American people is to put the American people first,\" he said."
"The report said that the government's plan to introduce a national minimum wage of \u00a3 7. 20 an hour was \"a mistake \"that would not work."
"I've been in the game a little bit and I think I've done a good job of that and hopefully I can do a good job of getting the ball in the box."
"But I'm not going to go into the details of what the new contract will be, but I will say that it will be a very good deal for the club."
"The two sides have been in talks since the start of the year, but the talks have been suspended after the death of a US citizen."
"The club have not yet decided whether to extend the deal, which will run until 2020, or to extend it until at least the end of the season."
"I don't know how he got the idea to make a film about this, but he did."
"I think it's a good thing that we're getting a lot of people who are interested in the idea of doing it."
"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we have a good relationship with the Russians."
"I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do it in the next couple of years."
"The group said it had received more than 1, 000 calls from people in the area, and that it had received more than 200 calls in the past 24 hours."
"\"I don't know if it's a bad thing or not,\" he said, adding that he was happy to see the team improve."
"The reason for that is that there is a lot of money invested in the field of women's tennis and there is a lot of money invested in the field of women's tennis."
"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's a very important thing to do in the United States, and I think it's a very important thing to do in the United States."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to have an easy ride,\" he said."
"The prime minister is expected to announce the UK will leave the EU in a speech to the Conservative Party conference on Thursday."
"The US and Russia have agreed to work together to end the war in Syria, but the Syrian government has not yet agreed to take part in the talks."
"But the company has also been accused of failing to take action against the hackers who were responsible for the breach."
"The United Nations says more than 3, 000 people have been killed in the conflict, with more than 2, 000 wounded."
"The fact is that the UK has a lot of good things to do with the EU- but the EU is not the only thing that is good."
"But it is not clear whether the two- year- old was killed in the attack or whether the two other victims were wounded."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 20 per cent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"It was the first time that the U. S. had ever had a military base in Afghanistan, and it was the first time that the U. S. had ever sent troops to Afghanistan."
"The two sides have been working together since the end of the Six Nations, and the two sides are in a good position to win the Six Nations."
"But the reality is that the U. S. government has been doing this for a long time and it's been a long time."
"\"I don't think there's a single person who doesn't feel like they're being treated like a human being,\" he said."
"The report said that the UK economy grew at an average annual rate of 0. 3 per cent between 2007 and 2015."
"It's a great way to get to know someone and to know that they're a good person, and I'm really happy to be a part of it."
"The British government has said it will not be able to provide the money it needs to fund the operation of the camp."
"I'm not saying that I'm a bad person, but I'm not saying that I'm a bad person because I'm not."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people of New York City and I'm going to keep doing what I've been doing for the last few years,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what happened, but I'm sure he was in the car,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be more careful about what we say and do,\" he said, adding that the government would have to consider the consequences of its actions."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other incidents \"in the UK, but added that it was working to address the issue."
"The government has said it will not take any action to stop the practice, but it has said it will continue to monitor the situation."
"The company said it had already paid out more than $ 1. 6 billion in back taxes in the U. S. and Canada."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to play again, but I'm looking forward to it,\" he said."
"I think that's what the American people should be concerned about, and I think that's why we have so many people who are saying that they're concerned."
"It's a great way to spend the day, but I'm not sure it's the best place to spend it."
"\"We are not going to get a deal that will be good for us,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal the decision."
"But I think the big thing for us is we've got to get better and we've got to get better and we've got to get better and we've got to get better."
"The government has also promised to introduce a new tax on the sale of high- end luxury cars, and a new tax on the sale of luxury cars made by foreign manufacturers."
"The United States and its allies have been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for more than a year."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're doing to make sure we're doing it right,\" he said."
"The company said it was confident that the new technology would be ready for commercial use by the end of the year."
"The company said it had been working with the US Department of Justice to ensure that the government did not use its information against it."
"\"I don't know how to explain it, but I'm not going to give up,\" he said."
"The United Nations says more than 1. 2 million people have been killed in the conflict and more than 1. 5 million have fled their homes."
"\"We have to be ready for the next one, because we've got to be ready for the next one,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that the people who are in charge of the NHS are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The European Union's top trade official said Britain would be \"fully prepared \"to take part in the talks."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"vote, but has not yet announced a date for the vote."
"\"I think that's a good thing to do, but I don't think it's a good thing to do,\" he said."
"The new study, published in the journal Science, suggests that the new technique can be used to help identify cancer patients more quickly."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were taken to a south London police station where they are being questioned."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is expected to cost $ 10. 5 billion."
"The number of people who have been injured or killed in the conflict has risen to more than 100, 000, according to the UN."
"The government has not said how many of the new migrants will be able to apply for asylum, but the number could be as high as 1, 000."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's initial public offering in 2014."
"The company said it expects to be able to deliver on the $ 1. 3 billion it has raised in funding over the next two years."
"He said:'We are not going to be able to do it because of the fact that we are not going to be able to get the money back."
"\"I think we're going to have a lot of fun with this,\" he said, adding that he was looking forward to the trip."
"The two sides have been on a collision course since they met in the summer of 2015, with the US and Russia on opposite sides."
"I'm not sure that I'm going to have a good life, but I'm sure I'm going to be a better person."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to say, but it's a good thing,\" Trump said."
"\"I have no doubt that the people of Scotland will be in a better position than they have been in the past,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 3. 5 million from investors in the last quarter, with $ 1. 5 million of that coming from the U. S. and $ 1. 5 million from China."
"It's not that I don't like him, but I don't think he's the right person for the job."
"The company said it would also add a new feature to its website that will allow users to search for \"Uber \"and \"Uber \"in the same sentence."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the aircraft until it is able to prove it was built in the UK."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent in after- hours trading after the company's shares were down more than 20 percent in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares have lost more than a quarter of their value since the start of the year."
"The U. S. has been under a state of emergency since the 9 / 11 attacks, which killed at least 130 people and left more than 100, 000 homeless."
"\"I'm not saying it's the best way to go, but it's a good way to go,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down more than 10 percent since the announcement, and are down more than 6 percent since the announcement."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, because I don't think it's going to be a big deal,\" he said."
"The U. S. government has been working on a plan to end the civil war in Syria for years, but it has yet to receive a draft."
"\"I don't think we should be surprised that we have a lot of money in the bank,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who were diagnosed with cancer increased from a low of 1. 1 per cent in 1996 to a high of 3. 1 per cent in 2013."
"He said he was \"very happy \"with the outcome of the case and said the case was a \"wake- up call \"to police."
"The police said that the man, who was not identified, had been in contact with a number of people and had been in contact with a number of people in the area."
"The two- year- old boy was found dead on Monday, and the two- year- old girl has been taken to hospital for treatment."
"The government has also been criticised for not making any changes to the law to make it easier for people to get help."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've been very lucky to be able to do it."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get to this point,\" he said, adding that the U. S. will continue to work with partners to help refugees and migrants."
"It's not like I'm going to go to the doctor and tell them that I'm pregnant, but I'm not going to have to go to the doctor."
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the allegations and that it would provide a statement when it received them."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 5. 28 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"I'm sure they will be looking at the issues of the day and I'm sure they will be looking at the issues of the week and I'm sure they will be looking at the issues of the week."
"\"I think the best thing that can be done is to keep the focus on the next game,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right answer,\" he said, adding that he has not had a chance to speak with the president."
"The company said it was \"committed to the principles of transparency \"and said it was \"committed to continuing to work with our customers \"to improve customer experience."
"I think it's a good thing that the people who are going to be in charge of this country are the people who are going to be in charge of the next president."
"It's not a big deal, but it's a big deal for the country, for the people of the country, for the whole world."
"The U. S. State Department said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the reports and urged people to report any suspicious activity to authorities."
"The company's stock has fallen to $ 4. 40, its lowest level in more than a decade."
"The company said it was \"extremely pleased \"with the results of the survey and said it was confident the company could meet its target of cutting its workforce by 20, 000."
"The decision was made after a consultation with the council, which is responsible for the care of children, and the Scottish Government."
"The team has been working on the plan since it was first announced in January, and it's a big step forward."
"I think that's why he's been able to do that so well, because he's been able to get the ball out of the back of the net a lot better."
"It's a good thing that we have a good team and we have a good squad and we have a good manager so we have to be ready for the next game."
"I think it's important that we have a conversation about this and make sure that we are talking about it in a positive way."
"The former secretary of state, who is a Democrat, is the only candidate in the race who has not endorsed Trump."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it is down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"It was a big win for me and I'm really happy with the way I played and the way the team played."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea for the government to be involved in the decision- making,\" he said."
"The company has been under pressure from shareholders to cut costs, and the company's stock price has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The United States has been on high alert for the Islamic State since a U. S. air strike killed a senior leader in September."
"The new figures show that the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen from 4. 1 million in January to 4. 1 million in the same month of the year."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by 10, 000 in the next two years."
"\"I've been in the industry for over 20 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to do that because it gives them a bit more confidence."
"The US- led coalition has been bombing the Islamic State group for more than a year and has said it will continue to strike the group in Syria."
"The company's stock price has fallen to $ 18. 50 from $ 18. 35 in October, but it has risen almost 10 percent this year."
"\"I think that's a good thing, because it's a good thing to have somebody who's going to be a good guy in the White House,\" he said."
"\"It's a very sad situation, and I'm sure many people will be very upset,\" she said."
"The US- led coalition has been accused of targeting the group's leaders in Iraq and Syria, and has been accused of targeting civilians in the region."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors and that it had raised $ 4. 8 billion in funding from investors."
"The FBI has been in contact with the Clinton Foundation since July, and has received emails from it, according to the New York Times."
"The only thing that's going to change is the way we play and the way we play the game, and that's what we're going to do."
"\"I'm not sure what the point of the game was, but it was a good game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what is happening in the world, and what is happening in the world in terms of the way we are dealing with it,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died in the fire is believed to be at least 2, 000, according to the fire service."
"I think it's a shame that we've got to go through this again and we've got to get the right people in."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Tuesday morning and were taken to a local police station where they were questioned."
"The company's shares were up more than 6 percent to $ 10. 35 on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"\"We are not going to be able to go back to the drawing board until we have a better understanding of the impact of the Zika virus on the U. S. economy,\" he said."
"The team has been working hard to improve our fitness and we are looking forward to the next round of training."
"I think the first thing that comes to mind is that he is a good player and I think he is a good player."
"The New York Times reported that the company was under investigation for a lack of transparency in its tax returns."
"The United States has been at war with Russia since the beginning of the conflict in Ukraine in March 2014, when it launched air strikes on pro- Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a little bit of a feel for each other, and that's what we're going to try to do."
"The US and its allies have been bombing ISIS since the group's fall in 2014, and have been carrying out air strikes against the group since late last year."
"\"I think it's a very good idea to go to the next election and vote for a Republican,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue, which has been a major focus of the campaign."
"The FBI has asked the public for help in finding a missing person in New York City and New Jersey, officials said."
"\"I think the way we're going to go about it is to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that we"
"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say and what we say, because if we don't, we're not going to have a good relationship."
"The company said it had already received a letter from the FBI, which it said would be sent to its stores."
"The decision to keep the program was made after the company's board approved the deal, which was approved by the board on March 19."
"The president- elect has been critical of the intelligence community's assessment that Russia was responsible for hacking the Democratic National Committee and other organizations."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against ISIS, but it has also been a victim of a brutal crackdown by the U. S. government."
"\"I'm not sure how to respond to the question, but I'm going to try to answer it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 50 percent in the past year, but have risen more than 10 percent in the past year."
"I was very lucky to have been able to do it and I'm very proud of the work that I did."
"\"I don't know how you're going to get a good deal,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the iPhone, but that it would not be ready for a launch."
"I've been working on my game for a while now and I think it's time to get back to it."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for me because I don't have to worry about my body,\" he said."
"The company has also said it is working on a \"new \"technology that will help it identify and track the movements of people."
"\"I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've"
"The new data will be used to improve the way we monitor, monitor and monitor the health of our people."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country and for the country's future,\" he said."
"The company has been on a roll since the beginning of the year, and it's already seen a rise in sales."
"The number of people who are not in the UK is expected to rise by 1, 500 to 2, 000 over the next five years."
"The number of people who have been injured or killed in the conflict has risen to more than a million, according to the United Nations."
"The government's official position is that the UK should remain in the EU, but that it should be able to negotiate free trade deals with other member states."
"The last time the government took action was in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, when it was forced to cut back on spending on health and education."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people of the United States, and I think we should be proud of them,\" she said."
"The first was a $ 1. 2 billion bond sale in 2013, which was approved by the state Senate in 2014."
"\"It's not like we're going to have to go to war,\" he said, referring to the ongoing conflict in Syria."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because it's a good thing to have a country that's willing to take on the world,\" she said."
"I think it's a good thing that we have the right people in the right place at the right time, and we're going to do it."
"The new president, who is expected to be named by the Senate, will have to decide whether to keep the current one or to extend it."
"\"I think it's going to be a tough game,\" he said, \"but I'm confident we'll be able to get it done."
"\"I don't think it's a problem, but I think it's a problem for the club,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that we're going to have a good relationship with the other side,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that the government should have to explain to us what it is doing to us,\" he said."
"The Government's new tax on the value of property has been introduced to make it easier for buyers to sell their homes."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 10 percent since the election of Donald Trump as US president on Tuesday."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players and the fans to see that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we're able to make a difference in the lives of the people who live in these communities,\" he said."
"\"We've got to make sure that we're going to be able to get the job done,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that they are not in the same league as the other teams."
"The first thing we do is we look at the history of the game, and we look at the players who have played it and we look at the history of the game."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump, and it is down more than 15 percent in the last year."
"\"I don't know what the hell happened to him, but I know he's a good guy,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how many people are going to be able to get a ride,\" he said."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people of Flint,\" he said in a statement, \"and I will continue to do everything I can to help."
"It's a big game, but we have to be ready to play well and we've got to be ready to play well in the second half."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"But the fact that I'm not in the race to be the first woman president, I'm not in the race to be the first black president."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to a ceasefire in Syria, but the cease- fire has been extended by two days."
"The company said the new model will be available to customers in the United States and Canada in the second half of 2017."
"It's a very difficult game to play and I think it's a very tough game to play but I'm confident in my team."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to make a decision on the basis of what we think we know,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of the accident."
"It is a question of how much of a difference the two sides will make in the final."
"I think that's what we've got to do, and that's what we're going to have to do."
"\"I've been in this position before, and I've been in this position before, and I've been in this position before, and I've been in this position before,\" he said."
"\"I think that's a good thing to do, because it's not just about the money,\" he said."
"\"We have to make sure we're not going to be in a situation where we're not going to be able to do our job,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to get rid of the old guys,\" he said, adding that he would not be taking any chances."
"\"It's not a good feeling to be a part of something like that,\" he said."
"The government has not yet revealed how many of the people who have been displaced by the conflict are civilians."
"\"We are not going to allow this to happen again,\" he said, adding that the city had already agreed to take in refugees from Syria and Iraq."
"The new rules, which were announced on Thursday, will apply to all foreign- born workers, regardless of where they are born."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to stand up for what's right,\" he said."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your body in the right place, and that's what we did."
"The company has been hit with a series of legal challenges over its handling of the case and is now appealing."
"The first thing you need to do is to understand that you're not going to be able to get a job if you're a woman."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm a fan of the president- elect,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down about 2. 5 percent this year, and its shares are down about 2. 5 percent this year, after falling more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The first time I saw him was when he was in the squad for the World Cup, so I was expecting him to be a really good player."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 0 percent annual pace in the third quarter, the fastest pace in nearly a year."
"But it's a different story in the US, where the average age of voters is just over 50, and the average age of voters in the US is just over 70."
"The two men, who are both in their 20s, were arrested in May 2015 and have been in custody since then."
"But if you're not a member of the public, you can't vote for me, so I'm not going to vote for you."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to be able to take advantage of that,\" he said."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people living in poverty has fallen by more than 50, 000 since 2010."
"\"I think it's important for the people who are in the business to understand that we're not going to be able to keep going,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"It's a great way to spend the night, and I'm sure it will be a great night for the fans."
"\"I have no doubt that the United States will continue to be a leader in the world,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 5 percent in after- hours trading after the announcement."
"\"I think it's important to understand that it's not just about the money, it's about the people that are going to be affected,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country, and I think it's a very good thing for the country for the people of the United States,\" he said."
"\"It's a big game, so you want to be ready for it,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said on Wednesday that it had received more than 1, 000 emails related to Clinton's use of a private email server."
"The problem is that the country's unemployment rate is now at 5. 7 percent, compared to 5. 4 percent in the same period last year."
"The court heard the pair were in a relationship for five years before the couple split up in 2013."
"\"I think we're going to have to do a lot more to make sure that we're not going to have a situation where we're not going to be able to get the same kind of results,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what's going to happen, but I'm going to be there,\" he said."
"The UK government has said it will not allow the UK to leave the EU unless it is able to secure a trade deal with the EU."
"The report also found that the number of people who reported being sexually assaulted had increased by nearly half since the start of the year."
"\"We're going to make a lot of progress in the next few months, and we're going to be in a better position than we were last year,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced last year, will be introduced in the first half of 2017."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than a third since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the last two weeks."
"The woman's husband, who was also present, was not injured in the attack, police said."
"The fact that the campaign is trying to make the case that it is the only one that can win the White House is a sign that it is not the only one."
"The company said it had raised its forecast for net income to $ 16. 5 billion from $ 15. 6 billion, and it expects net income to be $ 19. 9 billion in the fourth quarter."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get back to the top of our game and be a part of that,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 30. 66 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are a country that has been through a lot,\" he said."
"The government has already announced a new plan to tackle the problem, which is expected to be unveiled next week."
"\"I think the main thing is that we have to get the message out that we're not going to be the only ones to have a problem,\" he said."
"\"We are going to have a very difficult election and we are going to have to have a very, very hard fight,\" he said."
"Theresa May has said she is determined to get the UK to the \"right \"on Brexit, but has yet to make clear what she will do on the issue."
"\"I think it's a good thing for people to see that we're not just going to take the money and move,\" he said."
"I'm sure they will be a lot more interested in the future of the club than they were in the past."
"I think it's important to understand that there are some very important issues that are at stake in this election."
"The two- year- old has been in a state of shock since her mother died in September, and her father has been in a state of shock since his wife died in September."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and was committed to continuing to improve its customer experience."
"The two sides are now set to meet in the autumn for talks on a new deal for the EU's single market."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said in a statement that it had raised $ 3. 6 million in funding from investors in the last quarter and that it had raised $ 2. 5 million in funding from investors in the previous quarter."
"The results of the study were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, the most widely read medical journal in the United States."
"The most important thing is that we can get the best deal for the people of this country, and that's what we've done."
"But the U. S. has been slow to take action against the Islamic State, and the U. S. military has not been able to strike the group since September 2014."
"The court heard that the woman had been in contact with the men for about three hours before they left."
"I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not, but I think it's good for the club."
"The first is that the government should be able to make sure that the people who are in charge of the NHS are able to make decisions about what they are going to do with the money they receive from the NHS."
"He's been in the game a lot and he's been in the game a lot and he's been able to get a lot of yards."
"\"We have a very strong team, we are very strong in the front office, and we have a lot of people in the front office,\" he said."
"He said he had been told by the police that the man had been arrested and that he was not to be questioned."
"The idea of having a child with someone who is not a parent is not something that is going to be easy for me."
"I think it's important to keep in mind that we're not just going to be able to do this in the next couple of years."
"\"I think we're going to have a really good relationship, and I think we're going to have a really good relationship with the president of the United States,\" he said."
"The first thing we have to do is to get the right people in the right places, and that's what we're going to do."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has opened an investigation into the company's practices, but it has not yet made a decision."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the world in the fight against terrorism, and we are proud to be a part of the coalition."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to set up a new headquarters and that it was working on a new business plan."
"I think it's important for us to be able to go out there and play our style of football and be able to put our game in a position to win the game."
"The U. S. economy added about 1. 6 million jobs in the second quarter, the Labor Department said on Friday, the best monthly growth rate in more than a year."
"\"I don't think I've ever been in a situation where I've been in a position where I was in a position where I was not in a position where I was not in a position where I was not in a position where I"
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my daughter and my wife and tell them I was going to see my son."
"The government is also working with the private sector to ensure it can continue to provide the services it needs to keep people safe."
"The US- led coalition has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria since September 2014."
"The company said it would continue to invest in the U. S. market, but it would not say how much it would invest in China."
"\"It's a really good feeling to be able to play in the Champions League and I'm really happy for the opportunity,\" he said."
"\"I think it's going to be a very tough race and I think we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The UK government is to set out its plans for a new national living wage in a speech at the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham."
"The company said it had been working on a new product, but that it had not yet been made available to the public."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people living in poverty in England has increased by more than half since 2010."
"It's a lot of work and we're not going to be able to do it all in one go."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do that, but he's got a good chance,\" he said."
"I don't know if that's because I'm not a big fan of the show, or if it's because I don't like it."
"The US has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, attacks on the US and its allies in the Middle East."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we're just going to keep working,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the state government for more than a year, and it has agreed to a contract worth $ 1. 2 billion."
"The report said the number of people who have lost their homes has risen from 9. 5 million to 13. 5 million, and the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen from 1. 6 million to 1. 9 million."
"The new rules will be in place for a year, and will be in place for a year, and will be in place for a year, and will be in place for a year, and will be in place for a year, and"
"But it's not the only thing that's happened to me in my life that's been a gift."
"It's a good thing that he's in the team, but I don't think it's the right thing to do."
"I'm not sure if that's because I'm a woman, or if I'm just not quite ready to be a man."
"It's a great opportunity to show that we're not just a country, we're a nation."
"\"It's not the first time we've had a guy come in and say he's going to go out and play,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on a high- speed military exercise for the past two years, with the aim of increasing its military spending."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the amount of interest,\" she said."
"The government has promised to increase the number of asylum seekers arriving in the country from 1. 5 million to 2 million by 2020."
"\"I'm not going to give you a list of the things I'm going to do,\" he said."
"The average price of a home in the city is now \u00a3 1, 500, compared to \u00a3 1, 400 in the capital."
"\"I have no doubt that the Government will take the necessary steps to ensure that the UK remains a member of the European Union,\" he said."
"But if you're a woman, you're going to be in a lot more trouble than you think."
"The report said that the number of people who were denied asylum in 2015 was up by more than a third compared with 2014."
"The report said the number of people who have been injured or killed in the conflict has risen from 2. 4 million in 2014 to 3. 3 million."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors in the first quarter and expects to raise $ 2. 8 billion in the second."
"The first of the two, a second, a third and a fourth, was scheduled for the end of the week, but was cancelled."
"I'm not sure what the outcome of that will be, but I'm sure it will be a very positive thing for the club."
"The last time I saw him was in the third round of the World Series in 2010, when he was the team's starting left- handed- third base coach."
"The move comes after the company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in a Series B round from a group of investors."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was released on bail until he was charged."
"The report said that the average age of the children was 26, compared to the UK average of 24. 3 years."
"The report also found that the number of people who had a mental health condition was also rising."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get to where we are,\" she said, noting that the state has a $ 15- billion budget gap."
"The team has also been working on a new technology to help them monitor the progress of their patients."
"The government has said that it will continue to work with the private sector to help tackle the problem, but that it will be up to the government to tackle the problem."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The decision to bring the new law into force in April was a response to the government's decision to introduce the controversial new law."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people in the country,\" he said."
"The first thing I did when I got to the airport was check my passport and I was so excited to get on the plane."
"The company said it expects to add more than 100, 000 jobs over the next five years and will expand its workforce by 10, 000."
"He said: \"I think it is important to remember that the people who are going to be the next prime minister will be people who have been in politics for a long time."
"But the reality is, I don't think we can afford to be in a situation where we can't do it."
"It's a great opportunity for us to be able to play in the Champions League, and we're very happy to be playing in it."
"I think it's a good thing for the team to get back to the level we were at before."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a fix for the problem for a few weeks, but that it had not been able to get the device to work properly."
"The company said it had been working on a fix for the problem, but would not say how long it would take to fix it."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities in the UK and Ireland to secure the necessary funds."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I didn't really know what to expect,\" he said."
"The company said it had already received around $ 10 million in donations from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 million in funding from investors."
"\"I have been in the business for 25 years and I have never seen a better time to be a director,\" he said."
"I think we've got a good chance of winning it, but we've got to be ready for the next game."
"\"I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The reason I don't think we have a chance to win is because we're not good enough to win the game."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the US government and had a \"high level \"of confidence in its ability to deliver the service."
"\"It's a big game and we want to make sure that we're not going to be in the position where we're not going to be able to win,\" he said."
"It was a great day for us, a great day for the game, and it was a great day to be a part of that."
"The company's shares were down about 2 percent at $ 35. 50 on Thursday, after the company said it was cutting back on production."
"It's a very important moment for us and we want to make sure we're doing everything we can to make sure we're doing everything we can to make sure we're doing everything we can to make sure we're doing everything we can to"
"The company's shares fell by more than 10 percent to $ 24. 50 on Thursday, and have fallen more than 25 percent in the past year."
"The Government has also been criticised for not taking more action to tackle the problem, including the introduction of a national health service."
"The first thing I did was to write a letter to my mother and to my brother, and I wrote back saying, \"I'm sorry, I don't know what to do."
"The idea is that the more people who are able to access the internet, the more likely they are to be able to access the internet."
"\"It's a very important issue, and we need to do more to help the people who are affected,\" he said."
"\"It's not like we're going to go out and play like we did today,\" he said."
"The UK government has been in talks with the European Union on a deal to end the dispute over the UK's membership of the EU, a senior official has said."
"The new guidelines will be published next month, but it's unclear when the new guidelines will be published, or whether they will be published in the UK."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering a high- quality service \"to the public, and that it would continue to provide the service to customers."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work and the quality of the work that's being done."
"The company's shares are up about 2 percent to $ 11. 55, after a disappointing quarter."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent to $ 14. 40 on Wednesday, their lowest price in more than three years."
"The city has also been hit by a series of violent incidents, including a shooting in July that left at least one person dead and another injured."
"The two men, who were in a vehicle together, were taken to hospital where they are in a stable condition."
"\"I've got to say I'm a bit disappointed because I didn't think we'd be in this position,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good idea, and I think it's a very good idea to be able to do that,\" she said."
"The company's shares fell nearly 6 percent to $ 30. 75 on Wednesday, while the S & P 500 index rose nearly 4 percent to close at $ 30. 70."
"\"We're going to be doing a lot of things that are not going to be done in the next four to six months,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be the best team in the world, and I think we're going to be the best team in the world,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down 1. 5 percent this year, and are down 1. 1 percent this year, from a year ago when they were trading at $ 28. 50."
"The government has said it will not be taking action until the new rules are in place, but that it will take a \"full and fair \"look at the proposals."
"\"I've been in the business for 10 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the first quarter and expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the next three years."
"He said:'I've been in the industry for 10 years now and it's been great to be part of it."
"The team that won the World Series in 2004 was the best in the history of baseball, and the Dodgers, who were the best team in baseball history, were the best team in baseball history."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say that I don't feel that way,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get a good look at what's going on and how we're going to solve the problem,\" he said."
"The fact that we're not doing it now, I don't think it's a good thing."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say what I think about it, but I'm not going to say what I think about the way that we're doing things,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great way to start off the year,\" he said of the new season."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to say that I'm going to be the nominee,\" she said."
"He said: \"The people of Scotland are very angry and they are going to have to do something about it."
"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're not going to make a decision on the next one."
"But I think it is very important that we all have the same voice in this process and that we all have a voice in the decision- making process."
"The company has been in talks with the government about the possibility of a new contract, but has not yet been offered a new contract."
"The first is that the UK is not a member of the EU, and the second is that it is not a member of the single market."
"\"I'm not sure I want to be a part of that,\" he said in an interview."
"The move comes as the U. S. and Russia are engaged in a wide- ranging military exercise, which will include air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria and Iraq."
"The government is expected to announce its decision in due course, with the prime minister expected to give a statement on the issue in the coming days."
"The new rules are designed to make it easier for people to get the information they need, such as when they arrive at a hotel or on their way to a job interview."
"He added: \"We've got a lot of work to do and we're going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we don't say."
"\"We're going to have to do everything we can to make sure we get the best out of this,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to report a net profit of $ 1. 5 billion for the quarter, a drop of 0. 7 percent from the previous quarter."
"The UK government's own figures show that the number of people who have died from cancer in the last decade has fallen by more than a third."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of confidence in yourself,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state and first lady has been in the spotlight for her controversial comments about the Muslim community."
"The only way to get a better deal is to make sure that the people who make the decisions are not going to be able to make the same decisions."
"It is a very difficult situation, but I think we have to be prepared to deal with it."
"\"I don't know if I've ever been in a situation where I've been in a situation where I've been in a situation where I'm not being treated fairly,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local pub and ask them what they thought of the new policy."
"The first is that the government has not yet made a decision on whether to extend the contract to the next year."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see what we can do."
"\"I don't want to be the guy who has to do it all,\" he said."
"The United States, which has been a key ally in the fight against ISIS, has been sending troops to the region."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm looking forward to it,\" she said."
"The UK has been on high alert since the UK voted to leave the European Union in June, and has been under a state of emergency since the UK voted to leave the European Union in June."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we get the right balance between the two of us."
"But it is the best way to ensure that the people who have been affected by the disease can get the help they need."
"\"I think the way to get to the top is to be a leader, and that's what I've been doing,\" he said."
"I think the main thing is that we need to have a good understanding of what's going on in the world."
"It's not a great way to start a new life, but it's a good way to start a new life."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested after a search of his home and a search of his car, the court was told."
"The results were not expected to have a significant impact on the overall number of people who had surgery, the report said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract, which is due to be announced on Monday."
"\"I'm going to be a strong leader, I'm going to be a strong leader, and I'm going to be a strong leader for all of us,\" he said."
"I think that's a good thing because it's a good thing to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do it."
"I think it's important to remember that the world is changing, and we need to be ready to deal with it."
"The Prime Minister said the Government was committed to working with the private sector to help tackle the problem, which has been a major source of frustration for many in the industry."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say and do,\" he said."
"I'm not going to go into details, but I'm not going to say that the police are going to be able to find him."
"The government is also looking at ways to increase the number of people who can afford to buy a home, but can't afford to buy a car."
"But I think that's what the players are really focused on, that's what we're going to focus on, and that's what we're going to get out of this year."
"I'm not sure how many people were in the car at the time, but I think it was probably five or six people."
"The only way to get the best deal is to get the best deal for the best deal for the best deal for the best deal for the best deal for the best deal for the best deal for the best deal for the best deal for the"
"The government has said it will introduce a new law that would make it easier for people to buy alcohol at the local market."
"\"I think that's a good thing because it's a good thing for the people who are going to be in the next president,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I'm not sure how I feel about it."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 1. 5 billion in the second half of this year."
"The government has said it will not be making any changes to the way it operates, but the BBC understands that the government is considering the possibility of a new contract."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I'm not sure what the consequences will be."
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the country are going to have to be in charge of the people who are going to be in charge of the economy."
"It's a big challenge for us, but we're very excited about it and we're going to do our best."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"But if you're a woman, you're going to have to work hard to make sure you're getting the best out of your partner."
"It's a tough job, but I think it's a good job for the club and I'm happy to be here."
"The last time the federal government took a position on the issue was in the mid- 1970s, when it was the first government to take a position on the issue."
"The video was posted to Facebook by a man who said he had been in touch with the police and was looking for answers."
"The only thing I can think of is that I'm not going to be able to do anything for my family."
"The last time I was there was a couple of years ago, and I was there for the first time in my life."
"\"I'm just trying to keep my head down and try to get better every day,\" he said."
"The company said it was also working to improve its customer service and improve the customer experience on the site, which is now in its second year."
"The United States has been on high alert since a series of bombings in Paris in November that left 130 people dead."
"The two- year- old girl who was killed was found dead in her bed, with a wound to her head and a wound to her chest."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to show that we're not just going to have to win every game,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I've been working on this for a long time and I've been really excited to get it out there,\" she said."
"The first was a $ 1. 2 million payment to the city of $ 1. 2 million in 2014, the second was $ 1. 3 million in 2015, and the third was $ 1. 4 million in 2016."
"The new law, which was signed into law on Tuesday, will apply to all asylum seekers who arrive in Greece from Turkey."
"The researchers found that the average number of days a woman can have a baby is about 30, with the majority of these days being spent in the first weeks of life."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" she said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision."
"The first is that the United States is not a member of the European Union and that the EU is not a member state of the United States."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's first public offering in 2014."
"The new rules will apply to the first 100 days of the new year, and will apply to the first 100 days of the new year after the end of the year."
"He said: \"I've been here for six years and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"It's a big problem, and it's a big problem for the country, and it's a big problem for the whole world,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do in the next couple of months to get the right balance between the two,\" he said."
"The two- year- old girl's death is being investigated as a murder- suicide, police said."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes in Syria since September 2015, and has been conducting airstrikes in Iraq since March 2015."
"\"I don't know if it's the right time, but I'm looking forward to it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be in the position where I'm not in a position to make decisions,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how many people have been killed, but I've been here for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I think the best way to deal with it is to just get the best possible deal,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm sure I'll be a part of it."
"The new rules, which were announced on Wednesday, are expected to be in place by the end of the year."
"The man who was shot dead was a man in his 20s, and the victim was a woman, police said."
"I don't think it's going to be a problem for the next couple of years, but it's a problem for a lot of people."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always been a big fan of the team,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 0. 5 percent at $ 34. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The former secretary of state and first lady, who has said she will not be seeking the presidency, is expected to announce her presidential bid on Monday."
