"\"I have to say, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about,\" he said."
"The UK government has said that it will not be making any new trade deals with the EU, and will instead focus on building its own trade relationship with the EU."
"The government has not provided any evidence of the existence of a secret agreement between the UK and Iran in the past, but there is no doubt that the UK will continue to be a key ally in the fight against terrorism."
"The United States has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey that killed more than 130 people."
"The men were arrested on suspicion of murder and rape, and are being held in custody until their next court hearing on Monday."
"I'm sure there are a lot of people out there who would rather have a good life than a bad one."
"The company's shares fell 7. 2 percent to $ 20. 40 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"I've had a lot of people tell me they've been to a party where they've been told to leave."
"The group said it had received more than 2, 500 calls since the attack, which was carried out by a group of men."
"\"I'm not saying that we're going to have a Hillary Clinton presidency, but I'm saying that we're going to have a Hillary Clinton presidency,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to take it personally, but I'm going to keep my head down and try to focus on the game,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's a better way to put it,\" he said of his decision."
"He's a very good player and he's a good player, and he's a good player, and he's a good player, and he's a good player, and he's a good player, and he's a good player,"
"The first two weeks of the season are where you're going to be most likely to get a shot at the title."
"It is the first time a U. S. senator has endorsed a candidate for president of the United States in the last two decades."
"He said: \"We've got the best players in the world, and I'm sure they'll be a lot better than we are."
"\"I am not a politician, I am not a member of parliament, I am not the head of the party,\" he said."
"\"We are a little bit disappointed, but it's a step in the right direction,\" he said."
"It's a good way to show that you're not the only one who can get along with people."
"The company's stock has lost about 40 percent of its value since the company's initial public offering in 2014, according to the Wall Street Journal."
"It is the first time the group has ever won the title in the competition's history, and it is the first time the group has won the title in its history as a whole."
"He said:'I was a bit shocked when I heard the news, but I was just happy to see the baby."
"\"We are not in a position to comment on the status of the investigation at this time,\" a spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Police said."
"The government has promised to \"put a stop to the practice \"of sending migrants to Turkey, and has also promised to give asylum- seekers a chance to settle in Greece."
"\"I think that's a good thing,\" he said, \"because you can't do that without the other side."
"The cost of a home in Scotland is \u00a3 1, 200, while in England it is \u00a3 1, 000."
"The latest poll suggests that voters are split on the issue, with a majority of voters in favour of the idea of a second referendum."
"The company is now working with the FBI to obtain additional information, according to a company statement."
"\"I'm not sure I want to do that, but I know that I've got to get my game right,\" he said."
"The only thing that's going to change is that we're going to have a better understanding of how to make it work."
"\"The challenge for us is to make sure that we have the best possible team in the squad,\" he said."
"He said: \"We've been very clear that we're not going to allow this to happen again."
"But that's not the only way we're going to make a difference, and that's why we're here."
"I think the best thing that can happen is that we get a better understanding of what we're doing and how we're going to do it."
"The report says that the UK's deficit is now \u00a3 16. 5 billion a year higher than the UK average."
"I don't know how many people are going to have to leave the country because of this, but it's not a good thing to be in the country."
"I was in the kitchen, I was working, I was just so proud of myself, I just wanted to be the best person I could be."
"It's not the first time the UK has been hit by a terrorist attack, with the UK Foreign Office warning of a possible \"double threat \"from a terrorist attack in the country."
"The first of those was a day- long walk through the city, where the first day of the new year is being celebrated."
"\"I was a little bit nervous, but I was happy to be out there and to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The country's government has been criticised by human rights groups for its treatment of women, including in detention centres."
"\"It's a very serious matter, and I would like to see the government take this seriously,\" he said."
"He said: \"It's not a question of whether we can win it, it's a question of who is going to be in charge of the game."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of new homes bought in the last year rose by 13. 7 per cent."
"\"I think it's important that we get our act together and make sure that we're all in it together,\" she said."
"The issue of the future of the European Union is a key issue for the EU and it is up to the British people to decide whether they want to remain part of the bloc or leave."
"\"I'm not sure what they're thinking about me now, but I'm not going to go to the police,\" he said."
"The company said it would be investing $ 1. 5 billion in the U. S. and $ 1 billion in Canada."
"\"We're not going to change the way we play, we're not going to change the way we play the way we play the game,\" he said."
"We have a lot of young players and we have to get the right balance between the young players and the older players."
"The first is that the United States is a democracy, and the second is that the United States has a right to make its own laws."
"The UK has a long history of working with other nations to promote peace and security, and I am pleased to see that the UK is taking this opportunity."
"The main thing is that the people who are going to be able to buy it are going to be able to buy it at a lower price."
"The next day, he was out in the street, and he got a text from a friend telling him to go home."
"The company said it had raised $ 4. 5 million in funding from investors and was working with the city and county to develop the project."
"The company said it had also raised $ 2. 5 million from private equity firms and private equity firms, and was seeking $ 1. 6 million from private equity firms."
"The next day, he told her he was going to go home to his wife, who was staying with his sister."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, their biggest drop since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to say, \"I'm going to do something different,\" because I don't know if I'm going to do it."
"The French government is also taking steps to ensure that all refugees are treated equally and that they are not allowed to move into the country."
"\"I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"It's hard to believe we're the only country that has a single- use public school system."
"The company said it had launched a pilot project in the United States, and plans to expand in Europe, the Middle East and Asia."
"The number of people who are either homeless or living in temporary accommodation has increased by more than 50% since 2010, according to the report."
"\"I've been in the office for about two years, and I've been very clear about my view of the business,\" he said."
"The only thing that's changed is that we're going to be able to sell more of them."
"The company said it will make the changes as part of a wider effort to improve its customer experience."
"\"I think that the way that the game is played is very much in line with what the fans want,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it is, but I feel like I'm making the most of it."
"The first was the fact that the government was able to take control of the whole of the banking system, and the second was that they had to accept the consequences of their actions."
"\"We have to make sure that we are in the best position to win the game,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to be able to play in the Premier League and to have a good season and hopefully get a lot of points."
"\"I was really shocked, I don't know how you could do that,\" he said."
"It's not a bad game, but I think we have to go out and play our best tennis."
"\"I'm not sure I can say that enough, but I'm going to keep going,\" he said."
"But it's not just the financial industry that is at risk: the people who make the decisions are also the ones who will pay the price."
"In the past, the UK has been one of the few countries in Europe to have a law that allows a person to be sent home from a prison."
"The men were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit terrorism, a crime of violence, and possession of a weapon of mass destruction."
"We will work closely with the Government on the review and we will continue to work with our partners to ensure the best possible outcome for the communities we serve."
"We've got a lot of work to do in the coming weeks, but we're confident that we're going to get a win."
"But the reality is that the public's trust in the police is at an all- time low."
"\"We're going to make sure that every single one of our employees is safe and well,\" he said."
"I'm not sure that I can do it, but I'm going to try and get better at the game."
"\"I have no doubt that the United States will be a strong ally in our efforts to fight terrorism,\" Obama said."
"The last time I saw her, she was in the kitchen, and she was looking at the TV, and I thought, \"I don't want her to see that."
"We have to do this because we are a country that is not a country of immigrants, but a country that has a lot of immigrants and a lot of people of color."
"\"I don't think it's a good thing for the community to be told that they have to pay more than they do,\" she said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government for some time and that it had been in discussions with the government for several months."
"I think it's important to remember that this is a very small group, and we need to take a lot of responsibility for what we're doing."
"I think it's important to have a sense of what's happening in the world, and I think it's important to know that what's happening in the world is happening to people."
"The Labour leader said: \"We are in a very difficult situation, we are in a very difficult place and we need to move on."
"It's the first time I've been in a situation where I've been able to get away with it."
"\"I think it's a very good thing, because we're going to be able to use the power of the internet to find out what's going on,\" he says."
"\"I've never seen a woman's body so badly burned, but I do know that I've never seen a woman's body so badly burned,\" she said."
"The new survey found that 58 per cent of people thought that the EU was an unfair system, while just over half of people thought that the UK was not a member of the single market."
"The government has already said that it will take action if the bill becomes law, but the government has said that it will not take action until it has been passed."
"I am not saying that this is the end of the world, but I am saying that we are not going to be able to do it forever."
"But I'm still working hard and I'm still trying to get better, but I'm just trying to get better and I'm just trying to be a good role model for my kids."
"It's a great game and we need to be a little bit careful with that, but we've got to be a little bit patient with ourselves."
"\"I think it's important to acknowledge that there's a lot of work to do,\" he said."
"He was also a member of the British army and was a member of the Royal Air Force for more than 20 years."
"He said: \"I've been in the game for a long time now and I've been in the game for a long time and it's been a lot of fun."
"But I have a lot of friends who are not in the military, and I don't think they understand the military."
"The first thing I do is I try to get a feel for how the game is going to be played, and then I try to get a feel for the players."
"\"It's a good thing that people are doing it, and we need to make sure that they're doing it,\" she said."
"\"We have to make sure that we have a plan for what we're going to do, and we've got to do that,\" he said."
"But the fact that it was a poor man's game, and he was not playing well, made it all the more disappointing."
"The team will also be able to use the data to help researchers design and implement new treatments for cancer."
"The first thing I did after I got home was to go to the doctor and see my mother."
"I think the only way to stop that is to make sure that the government is able to protect the public interest and the interests of the people."
"The EU has been criticised for not doing enough to tackle the problem, with some arguing that the EU is too big to handle."
"I don't know if it's going to be a good thing or a bad thing, but it's a good thing to have a little bit of freedom."
"It's not that I don't want to do it, but I'm not going to do it."
"The UN says the number of children living in the camps is at least 9, 000, and more than 3, 000 children are still missing."
"\"I'm not sure how much longer he'll be able to stay,\" said the man, who asked not to be identified."
"The company's stock rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"He said: \"I think we have to be careful about what we say about the future, because we're not going to get it right."
"\"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to let them get away with this,\" he said."
"The party's first presidential debate, hosted by CNN, will be broadcast on CNN at 9 p. m."
"\"I'm not saying it's going to be a great year, but it's going to be a good year,\" he said."
"It's a very difficult situation, but I'm happy to be here and I'm happy to be here with my family."
"The two countries are currently locked in a bitter dispute over who is to be the next president of the United Nations."
"\"We've got to go out there and play the way we played in the first half,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who were able to access their bank accounts in the last year has dropped from 11. 4 million to 4. 4 million."
"\"I think it's really important for us to have a conversation about the issues and the issues that are important to us,\" he said."
"We are working with the police and the medical community to find the person responsible and we will be providing further support as we gather more information."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get a good start to the year and hopefully get a good start to the year with a lot of players that we can get to know,\" he said."
"\"It's just a matter of time before we see a car that can do it,\" he said."
"The European Union's new rules on how companies are allowed to access data on their customers will come into force next year."
"\"I have been in the business for 35 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"It is not clear whether the government will appeal the ruling, which means that the government will not be able to appeal the ruling in the Supreme Court."
"The first of the two, the second, the third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth and the seventh, will go on sale on Friday."
"\"I'm very happy with the performance of the team, I'm very happy with the way we played,\" he said."
"The most recent survey of 1, 000 people in Scotland found that only about half of the population said they were aware of the problem."
"\"I'm not sure if it's the right thing for me to do,\" she said."
"The survey also found that more than half of the people who had been in the country for more than three years had been in the UK for less than three months."
"\"I think it's important to have a plan in place for when the weather is going to get really bad,\" she said."
"\"The last thing I want is to be told that I'm not a good person,\" he said."
"The company has not yet said how many of its employees will be affected, but said it expects to have about 20, 000 employees."
"I think it's important to be able to say that we have a good relationship with the government of the United Kingdom."
"The FBI has said it is looking into the claims made by Mr Trump's campaign manager, who said he was not aware of the allegations against him."
"The government's plan, which was approved by the opposition, is likely to be submitted to parliament in the next two weeks."
"The world's biggest airline is now offering a free trial of its new fleet of planes to passengers travelling between the UK and the US."
"The incident is believed to have been a suicide, with the victim's wife and the two children, aged seven and five, also injured."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were released on bail before being taken to the police station."
"\"I think we've got to be able to go out there and be aggressive,\" he said."
"The government has not revealed how many of its 1. 3 million workers will be affected by the cuts, but it is expected to be cut in half."
"I think we have to be really careful about what we say in the media and in the books and in the movies and in the books that we don't just say, \"This is what we think."
"The first thing we will do is to ensure we have a strong border, and that means making sure that we have a strong border with the UK."
"\"I'm not sure how many people are going to be affected by the changes,\" he said."
"It is the first time a senior government official has been charged with a crime in the UK, and the first time the UK has ever been accused of a crime in the country."
"We're not going to give up on the game plan, but we're going to play better than we've done in the past."
"\"I think the more we can learn from this, the more we can help people to be more confident in their own lives,\" she said."
"The company has a long history of providing services for the public and it has been in the public eye for a long time."
"The president- elect's transition team has not yet released any of the emails, but has said that the emails will be released in due course."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has risen by nearly a third since the outbreak began."
"He was the first of his kind to ever walk the street and to have a big smile on his face, and he was the first to go to the shops."
"\"I'm not going to be the one to say that, but I'm not going to be the one to say that,\" he said."
"\"I'm sure he'll be a big part of our future and I'm sure he'll be a big part of our future,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50% since the company announced the deal in December."
"The Government's own figures show that the number of people aged 65 and over who have been out of work for more than five years has fallen by a third."
"The new system will allow people to check their immigration status before they apply for asylum, and it will also allow them to request asylum in the country they are living in."
"The last time I was there was when I was in the squad and I was really disappointed, but I am happy to be here and I'm happy to be here with the squad."
"\"I don't think there is a better person to lead a team than a coach,\" he said."
"The UK has a long history of cooperation with the EU, and the EU is one of the world's most important trade partners."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of its investigation and would continue to work with the police and the FBI to find the responsible person."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm excited to be here and excited to be a part of it,\" he said."
"\"I have been able to do a lot of things in my life that I didn't have before,\" she says."
"\"I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do, but I'm going to make sure that we get this done,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state also said that she was \"very proud \"of her performance, and that she was \"very proud \"of her husband's performance."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a plan in place to deal with the crisis,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting is likely to be at least twice that of the previous year."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference that is, but I'm pretty sure it's more than a little,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have been engaged in a long- drawn- out military campaign against Islamic State in Syria and Iraq."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital for treatment."
"The city of Aleppo has been divided for the past two years, with the government's control of most of the city and rebel groups battling for control of the remaining areas."
"I am sure that the people of Scotland will be very angry, but I am not going to take that away from them."
"The survey found that 44 percent of Americans said they have a positive view of the country's political system, while just under half said they have a negative view."
"The average age of the first- time voters in the primary elections is 18, compared to just 18 in the general election."
"The report also found that the number of people who were not in work for more than three months has increased from 1. 3 million in 2014 to 2. 1 million in 2015."
"The state's attorney general's office said it would review the case and consider a possible criminal prosecution."
"The U. S. Supreme Court is expected to make its decision on whether to hear the case in the coming months."
"It was a tough one for us, we had a couple of injuries and we had to get back in the game."
"It's a good thing, but I'm not sure if we're going to be able to make that happen."
"The reason is that the EU's own data protection rules, which cover the whole of the EU, are not yet in place."
"The first thing you need to do is make sure you're aware of the situation and the consequences of your actions."
"The man, who is not being named, told the court he was \"surprised \"by the court's decision."
"We've got a lot of good players in the squad, so I'm sure we can get a lot of good players."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in public, and we have to be very careful about what we say in private,\" she said."
"The men were found to be in possession of a knife and were later arrested by police, who took them to a police station."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a debate on the issue of the refugees,\" he said."
"The results of the study showed that people who were more likely to drink were also more likely to die from cancer, heart disease and diabetes."
"He said:'I'm not sure if it's the best idea to go to the police and ask them to look after you."
"\"The truth is that I'm not a fan of the whole thing,\" he said, adding, \"I don't think it's right to do it."
"The new rules will apply to the whole of the UK, not just the parts of the country that have already been affected."
"The Prime Minister has said that he will not \"totally change \"his position on EU membership, but he is determined to get the best possible deal for Britain."
"The government's own figures show that there are about 1, 800 people in the country who have been killed by the Taliban since the start of 2014."
"The company said the average age of its employees was 35, and that it had more than doubled its workforce since the recession."
"The prime minister has said the UK will not be able to maintain its position as a member of the EU without a second referendum."
"\"I've been in the business for 25 years and I've never had a problem with the product,\" he said."
"He said he would be \"very interested \"to see how the new study could be applied to other diseases."
"The former secretary of state has repeatedly said that she would have won the presidency if she had not lost the election."
"It's a big game for us, so we'll see where that takes us, but we're going to be ready."
"The Prime Minister will also make a speech in Birmingham on Monday to highlight the challenges facing the UK economy and the challenges facing the rest of the world."
"The two men are believed to have been waiting for a bus to take them to the airport, where they would be sent back to Syria."
"The Government is now set to announce its own review of the controversial decision, which was made in the wake of the Brexit vote."
"He said:'I have been in a relationship with a man for a year and a half and he has never been in a relationship with me."
"\"It's the first time I've ever been able to do it in a show,\" he says."
"The first was the one that gave the world the first real indication of the effects of climate change on the planet, which was the study of the planet's atmosphere."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say that I'm not excited about the prospect of playing for the national team,\" he said."
"I think we can all agree that we have got to do better and we have got to do it better than we have done in the past."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1 billion in stock in the past 12 months, but it had not released details of its plans for the future."
"The researchers found that people who have been in the workforce for more than two years have the highest rates of depression and anxiety."
"\"I think it's a good idea for the government to make sure that there's a safe environment,\" he said."
"I've been told that the only way I can get out of this is to go to the police."
"The move, which was announced last week, comes as the government faces a challenge in the courts over its plans to build a new railway line."
"The country's largest banks have been forced to cut their staff in recent weeks as a crackdown on illegal activity has hit the economy."
"He said the agency had been working with the European Union on a deal to allow it to take refugees who were arriving in Greece."
"I was just so excited to be here, and I was so proud of the people I met."
"\"I don't know how I would feel if I was in the White House, but I think I would be a better president,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has said the UK will leave the EU in a referendum in June, but it is not clear how many people will vote."
"But it is not clear how much of the money is being used for the project, or if any money has been transferred to the bank."
"\"I'm going to be the first one to tell you that I'm not going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"We are going to make sure that we have a good relationship with our European partners, and we're going to work with them,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy has been left in a critical condition at the hospital after he was shot in the head."
"\"I think I have a lot of confidence in myself and I think I'm ready to go,\" he said."
"The team that's going to be playing in the World Cup, they're going to be a great team."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that he's a really good player and he has been on the team for a long time."
"The Trump campaign, however, has been clear that it is not interested in a general election battle."
"He said the company had raised $ 5. 6 million in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 8. 5 million in the first quarter."
"\"The only way I can be sure is that the investigation is a good one,\" he said."
"I think it's a bit of a shame, because I've been around a lot of great players and I've always been a great player."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the number of people killed or injured, but I will say that the number of people killed or injured is very, very small,\" he said."
"I've been there, I've seen it before and I've had to fight it out for it to be there."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken into custody by the police on Sunday evening."
"The state's attorney general said it will not investigate the case until the investigation is complete, but he did not rule out the possibility of a civil suit."
"The Scottish Government has said the SNP's new plans for Scotland's finances could be \"too big to fail \"and would leave Scotland in a \"difficult place \"if it wins the next general election."
"The two countries are still on opposite sides of the Atlantic, but the U. S. and its allies are in a stronger position."
"\"It's going to be a great season for me and I'm going to be a great ambassador for the club, for the fans, for the club and for the fans,\" he said."
"The couple said they had been in touch with their father and mother, who had been in touch with their sister and brother- in- law, who had been in touch with their father and mother."
"In the end, it's the work of a few people who are both good at what they do and good at what they do that counts."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a male president,\" he said in an interview."
"\"I think it's a really important issue that we're all involved in,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 per cent at $ 12. 51 on Wednesday, and were down 2. 5 per cent at $ 17. 30."
"The two- year- old boy is now in a stable condition in hospital and the other child was taken to a nearby hospital."
"The reality is that we have a very large and complex population and we are living in a very dangerous world."
"\"The real question is, what is the best way to achieve the most value for money?\"he said."
"In the last few months, I've been seeing a lot of people who are trying to make a living and to make a living and they're making a lot of money."
"\"We will be looking at all options in the event of a terrorist attack,\" a senior Turkish military source told Reuters."
"The Scottish government has said it will appeal the decision, but the Scottish government has not yet made a decision."
"\"I've been to a lot of places and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the industry for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The two were arrested in September 2015 and have since been in custody, and both are expected to be released from prison in the next few weeks."
"\"I was very surprised to see that this is a very young group of people,\" said Mr. Johnson."
"\"I think it's very important that we get the message out to the world that we're not alone,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that the council's plan is a good idea."
"The Government's plan to reduce the deficit by 3. 5 per cent of GDP in the next five years is not good enough for the economy."
"The company has said that it will begin offering its services in the United States in the second half of the year."
"It's a great opportunity for us to try and get some more experience in the way of the game."
"I think the government's been very clear that they're not going to let this go on."
"I think it's a great thing for the sport and for the sport as a whole to have a new coach, new players, new coaches and new players."
"\"The way I see it, the people who are going to be in the White House, the people who are going to be in the Senate, the people who are going to be in the House, the people who are going to be"
"\"It's not a question of whether it's good or bad,\" he said, adding that he would like to see the project be funded."
"The former secretary of state's campaign manager, John Miller, said he would not be voting for Trump."
"But it's not a one- off, it's a long- term plan and we're going to do it."
"We need to make sure that the people who are actually in charge of the NHS have the power to make decisions about how they treat patients."
"The most important thing is to make sure that the people who are going to be paying the bills are going to be able to pay them."
"But I think it's important to be able to say that we're going to be able to do it on a very, very large scale."
"Theresa May has called on the European Union to take action to end the \"double standards \"created by the EU referendum result, which saw Britain leave the EU."
"\"I'm not going to be able to get a job, so I'm not going to go out and do my job,\" she said."
"He said the government was not in a position to make decisions about the future of the UK's relationship with the EU."
"He has been a very good player for us and he is a very good player for the club and we will continue to work with him."
"The two- year- old is now in hospital and has not been seen since she died on December 19."
"It's a very tough place to be, but I've had a lot of hard times and I've had a lot of good times."
"I think it's important to get a feel for the game and to get the best out of the players in the team."
"The man who was shot was in a stable condition, but the woman and a baby were not."
"The group's first goal was a 3- 0 victory over the New York Rangers in the Stanley Cup final."
"The report, which was published on Wednesday, also found that the number of people killed by police in Scotland has risen by almost a third in the past five years."
"\"I'm a little worried that I'm going to have to wait until I get a job to get a job,\" she said."
"\"It's going to be a tough game, and I think we've got to be prepared for that,\" he said."
"\"It's a very good thing that we're in a position where we can get a lot more information,\" he said."
"I think it's a great opportunity for the community to come together and make a positive difference in the future."
"It is not clear if the two men were married or living together, but the two have not been seen together since the incident."
"The deal was announced in the middle of the day on Monday, but it was delayed until Tuesday, when the U. S. announced it would not be taking any further steps."
"The UK is not the only EU member state that is not in the single market, and that is a problem for the UK as well."
"The next morning, I was in the office, and I was told that the president was going to be on his way to New York."
"It's a bit like the way I look at it, and I'm not sure what it's going to be."
"The issue of whether the government should have done more to prevent the deaths of children in the war is being discussed in parliament."
"It was a great game, we had a lot of chances and we didn't get the result we wanted."
"The report said the UK was one of only a handful of countries in Europe to have a minimum wage of \u00a3 10 an hour."
"The company is in talks with other countries to expand its presence in the country, but has not yet announced any plans."
"\"I think it's a really good opportunity to do something that's going to be a real challenge for the rest of the team,\" he said."
"The couple's son, who has not been named, was in the car with the couple and was also taken to hospital, the statement said."
"The researchers found that in the first month of the study, women were more likely to report having sex with someone they knew."
"The only thing that's changed is the way we play, and the way we play, is that we're a team of players."
"I've been in the business for over 30 years and I've never seen anything like it."
"\"I'm a bit disappointed because I thought I was a bit better than the other team,\" he said."
"It's the first time since the start of the year that the pair have been on the same flight."
"The court heard that Mr Smith had a history of mental health problems and was not fit to stand trial."
"But it's not clear how many of those people will be able to vote in the election, and whether the state's voters will be able to cast a ballot."
"\"I am not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's not a good thing,\" she said."
"The problem is, if you look at the data, there are a lot of people who are doing the same thing."
"\"I think the president- elect is very interested in seeing what we can do with the existing infrastructure,\" he said."
"But we've got a lot of work to do, and we're going to do it in a way that's going to make us feel good."
"But I'm not sure how much of that is down to the fact that I'm a little more comfortable with the idea of being a woman."
"\"I don't think I've ever felt like I was in a position to be a leader or a leader of any kind,\" he said."
"I was in the car with my friends when I saw him and I was really surprised to see him, he looked like a man."
"\"The reality is that we're going to have a very different outcome than we've had in the past,\" he said."
"But it's important to remember that the best way to prevent a serious injury is to stay on your feet."
"\"I was surprised to see a woman who was just a woman in a very strong position, and I think that's what we need to address,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a shame that the police didn't do anything to stop it,\" he said."
"The two- time All- Star said that he is \"very happy \"to be back in the spotlight."
"The government has said it will consider the bill before the end of the year, but it is unclear if it will be extended to other parts of the country."
"I have a lot of friends that are working in the industry, but I don't see a lot of people who have been in the industry for a while."
"\"I have always been a fan of the show and I'm really excited to see what comes out next,\" he said."
"I've always been a big fan of the fact that he's been around for so long, and I'm sure he'll be around for a long time."
"The people who voted for Trump in the primaries, and the people who voted against him, are not going to vote for him."
"I'm sure that's the case for the rest of the country, but we've got to be very careful with that."
"It is a good time to get your head around the fact that you are the only one who can make it."
"The next day, the following day, the police arrived and they found me and the other girl."
"\"It's a great thing for the game to be able to have a little bit of fun with a little bit of fun,\" he said."
"The price of oil has risen by more than a third since the start of the year, with the price of oil falling by about half in the last three weeks."
"The council said it was not aware of any other cases in the area, and no one else was injured."
"The company said it had already raised $ 2. 4 billion from investors in the first quarter, and it expects to raise $ 3. 4 billion in the next two years."
"I was in the kitchen, and I was in a restaurant, and I was sitting in the kitchen, and I was thinking, \"This is the best food I've ever had."
"He added: \"I've had a lot of people ask me about it and I've said I wouldn't do it."
"We are not going to give up on the game, we are going to win the game, we will go out there and play our game and we will win the game."
"I think it's a great opportunity for the team to go out there and compete and try to win and hopefully get a win."
"The Government has said it will introduce a new cap on the number of children allowed to enter the country."
"The city's tourism office said it had received more than 200 calls from tourists in the past 24 hours, but that number had dropped to about 200 last week."
"\"I have never been able to get to the bottom of what happened, but I have a feeling that he was trying to get his life in order,\" she said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about how we're going to be able to provide the services we need to help people."
"The study found that the more people were diagnosed with the disease, the more likely they were to develop the condition."
"The state's economy is the strongest in the nation, with the unemployment rate at 5. 7 percent, the highest in the nation, and the unemployment rate is now at 7. 3 percent."
"\"It's a very special moment in our history, and I'm very proud of the people who have given their lives for our country,\" he said."
"The next step is to make sure that the children are safe, and that they have the right support to be able to go to school."
"\"I think we're going to have to see what happens in the next few days,\" he said."
"The former mayor of London, who has a long record of public criticism of the government, has called for a \"full investigation \"into the allegations."
"\"I think it's important that we have a system that allows people to be themselves,\" she said."
"The White House said the president had spoken with the leaders of the countries involved in the talks, and that the U. S. was working with them to improve their cooperation."
"I was the only one who was able to do it, but I'm not going to let him go."
"The company has been on the hunt for a new headquarters in London, but is now considering a new location in the US."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting in the northern city has increased by more than a third since the start of the year."
"The government is also trying to establish a national minimum wage, which will be set at \u00a3 9. 50 an hour by 2020."
"The only way to get out of this is to make sure that the people who have been there for so long are not allowed to leave."
"The two sides have a long- standing, close relationship and have worked together to develop a common interest in the field."
"\"I was just trying to make sure that I wasn't going to get in trouble for it,\" he said."
"We were all just trying to get out of the way and get to the line and get out of the way of the guys who were trying to get out of the way."
"The poll found that 55% of Americans think Trump will do well with voters, compared to just 17% who think he will do well with voters overall."
"But the new study found that the researchers were not only wrong, but also failed to consider the impact of the age at which the participants were diagnosed."
"I think that's why I've been so successful and I think that's why I've been so successful in the last couple of years."
"The Trump campaign said on Tuesday that it was \"not aware of any evidence \"that Trump was involved in the hacking."
"He said: \"We are in the process of negotiating the terms of the deal but we are not in a position to make a final decision until we have done the analysis."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we're going to have the same kind of level of security,\" he said."
"In a statement, the company said: \"We are aware of the circumstances surrounding the death of a young man."
"I was very worried about my daughter, but I knew that I would have to do it if I wanted to save her."
"The team's first goal was a free- kick that missed the goalkeeper, but it was the second goal that came after that."
"The U. S. State Department said on Friday that the U. S. had not received any reports of any violations of the cease- fire."
"\"It's a bit of a joke, but I'm not going to be a part of that,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what to say about the fact that I'm a black woman,\" she said."
"I think the only thing that will change is the direction of the election and the way that we're going to be dealing with this."
"The survey found that 44 per cent of people said they would not be able to afford a mortgage in the next five years."
"He said: \"We are very proud of the work that we do and we are very proud of the work that we do in the UK."
"But in the end, it's about the players, the fans, the fans, the players, the players, the fans, and it's not about what we have to do."
"\"We're in a position where we can't afford to be in the same situation as the other countries,\" he said."
"The company is also seeking to raise more than $ 1 billion in a Series B round of funding."
"The fact that she is a woman, and that she is the first woman to do it, is something that is going to be a huge part of her life."
"The government has not been able to find a way of getting the money back, so it is trying to get it back."
"\"We have been working on this issue for some time, but we have not had a clear answer from the government,\" she said."
"But if you don't have a plan to get to the bottom of it, you can't afford to."
"The family of a British man who died in Indonesia after being held for more than a month has revealed his family is in shock after he was found dead in his cell."
"The first of the three presidential debates, scheduled for August 19- 22, will air on Fox News Channel."
"I don't know how you can have a relationship with someone who is in your life for a long time and still not be able to do anything."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, apply to all UK businesses with more than 100 staff, but don't apply to firms with less than 50."
"The company's shares fell more than 20% in after- hours trading on Thursday as it struggled to find buyers."
"He has been in the spotlight for a number of years, but this is his first major campaign appearance."
"\"It's a lot easier to say \"I'm not going to do this \"than \"I'm going to do it,\" \"she said."
"The issue is that if you're not doing your job, you're not doing your job, and it is not your job to do it."
"\"I've been doing this for a long time, and it's a very, very long time,\" he said."
"\"I am not sure what the next step is, but I am very happy to have done it,\" he said."
"The study also found that women who had a high level of education were more likely to be diagnosed with breast cancer than those who had a low level of education."
"The report said that the majority of the money was spent on marketing, advertising and promotion of the brand, and it was the main source of revenue for the company."
"I think that's a good thing, because the people who are going to be in the White House will be people who have a lot of experience in this field."
"The report also said that the number of people living with a mental health condition rose by more than a third in the last decade."
"\"It's not a case of, you know, we're going to do it,\" he said."
"\"I am a very good player, I have been playing for a long time, I have played in the Champions League a lot and I am very happy to be playing in this competition,\" he said."
"The fact that he's not in the White House, or even in the Senate, is not a surprise."
"The total number of people with mental health problems in Scotland is at a record high of more than 40, 000."
"In the end, the Democratic Party has to decide whether it wants to be a \"party of the working class,\" as it calls itself, or a \"party of the middle class,\" as it calls itself."
"In the first half of the year, we didn't have a lot of chances and we were a bit of a bit behind, but we had a lot of chances and we got them."
"It's a very, very big deal, and it's going to be a big deal for us because we're going to have to get it done."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1 billion in its first three months of the year."
"He said:'I didn't think it was going to be a problem, I just thought it was a good idea."
"The only thing that could have prevented that was if we had been on the road for a long time and we had been in the same position as them."
"The number of people who have died in the past year has risen by more than 40 per cent in the past year."
"The government has promised to bring back the death penalty for all crimes, but it has not been able to do so."
"It's not about me and my friends, it's about the people who have been in the business for so long."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity to have a really good conversation with the president- elect,\" he said."
"The first is that the government should give the people the choice of whether to have their money frozen or not."
"I think it's a big part of what makes me a good person to be a parent, and I think it's one of the things that makes me a good parent."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the guys that I've worked with,\" he said of his teammates."
"He said:'I think it's a big mistake to make a statement like that, that's why I'm here."
"It is a shame that so few people have seen it, but it's a shame that so many people have seen it, and we're not going to be able to do that."
"It was a tough decision to make, but I'm really happy to be back in the team and playing for the team."
"I've been in the business for 25 years, and I've seen it grow from a small business to a global company."
"The report, released last week, is the first time the government has released a detailed report on the health of the country."
"The government has been criticised for failing to ensure that the bill is passed by the Senate and then signed by the House."
"\"I've always said that if you're not going to do something, you're not going to do it,\" she said."
"The report said the Government was failing to deliver on its promise to deliver a \"bigger, more comprehensive \"government on immigration."
"\"I have a lot of respect for him, he's a great guy,\" he said of his father."
"The company's shares were down 2. 9 percent to $ 25. 30 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"\"I think it's very important that people have a sense of what's happening in the world,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to be in a better position to get the job done,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and the company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I don't think there's a lot of money in the world for a lot of people to do this,\" he said."
"\"We are going to be in a position where we are going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if that's the right word to use here, but I think it's important to get the message out there,\" he said."
"I don't want to go to the police, I'm not going to go to the police, I'm not going to go to the police."
"We have a lot of people that are in the business, but we have a lot of people that are not in the business, and we're not going to get them all."
"The U. S. has been trying to find a way to secure the border between the two countries for more than a decade."
"The U. S. has been conducting airstrikes in Syria since late September, and the coalition has been carrying out airstrikes in Iraq since late July."
"\"We are very concerned that we have been the victim of a terrorist attack, and we are working with our partners to investigate this matter,\" a spokesman said."
"But it's not just about what I do ; it's about what I'm going to do for the next four years."
"The company said it would add up to $ 1. 3 billion in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the same period a year ago."
"The council said it was aware of the incident and would take any necessary action as soon as possible."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed by suicide in the past year had increased by more than 80% since 2011."
"The report said that the total number of people who have been killed in the past year is at least four times higher than the total number of people who were killed in the same period in 2014."
"\"I was in the kitchen, and I saw that the door was open,\" she recalled, \"and I said, \"What are you doing?"
"In the end, we decided to go with the old school approach, and we were delighted to have the opportunity to play in the Premier League."
"In a statement, the company said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the news and would take all possible measures to ensure the safety of its customers."
"\"I think it's important to recognize that this is a very difficult time for the United States and for the world,\" she said."
"The biggest challenge for the government is to ensure that the money is used to support the NHS and to fund the NHS's own research and development."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a debate about it,\" she said."
"\"I don't think I've ever been so happy to be in a relationship,\" she said."
"\"We are not going to let this happen to us,\" he said, adding that he had not seen the video of the incident."
"He said: \"I'm not going to lie, I've been waiting for this moment for a long time."
"He has been a big part of our success and we're really excited to see what he can bring to the team."
"In the past, the company has said that it will not be able to offer customers access to its services in the future."
"It's a huge responsibility and it's a big responsibility for a lot of people to be able to come in and help."
"\"It's a great feeling to be in that position, to be in that position, and that's what I've been able to do,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is the players are playing the way they want to play, and that's what we've got to do,\" he said."
"The first time I met him, he was at a party, and I was in the kitchen, and he was talking about how he wanted to make a movie."
"The former secretary of state is also expected to announce a plan to strengthen the U. S.- led coalition against Islamic State."
"The American people should have a say on this and we need to have a say in this, and we need to have a say on this before it's too late."
"He said:'I'm a bit worried about the fact that it's a bit like a prison sentence, I'm not a criminal."
"The latest figures show that more than a third of the children living in poverty in England and Wales have no access to school."
"He said: \"I think it's important to have a lot of confidence in the players and the coaching staff because it's going to be difficult to get back into the team."
"It's a very important part of our business and we've been in contact with the owner and he's been very understanding and understanding."
"The new rules, which will be published in the Federal Court on Wednesday, will be implemented in the first half of next year."
"We're going to have to get our hands on a lot of these things and then we'll figure it out."
"The new figures show that the proportion of people who say they have used cannabis has increased by nearly one- third in the past year."
"\"I've always been a big fan of the game of football and I'm going to continue to be a big fan,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to look at it and see if we can get it fixed,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state and first lady has been campaigning for a second term in the White House."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the kids to know that they can be themselves,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 50 percent on Thursday, but they rose more than 10 percent in after- hours trading."
"The pair have been married for 14 years and have two children together, and have been married for three years and have two other children together."
"The company has been hit by a series of regulatory investigations, including one in the United States, that have led to a loss of more than $ 2 billion."
"The U. S. has been on high alert for attacks on the Islamic State in the past, but the attack on the Brussels airport on Friday was the first time the group has claimed responsibility for a major attack in Europe."
"The court heard that she had been told she would have to leave the country on Friday but was told she would be back by Monday."
"It's not that I'm not a good person but I've got to do what I'm supposed to do."
"I'm not sure what he's going to do, but I'm going to keep my eyes on him."
"\"I think that's the best thing that could happen for us,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of his team."
"\"I'm a little disappointed that the decision was not made today,\" he said, adding that he had been in touch with his family."
"It was a good start to the season and we're in a good position to finish the season strong and get back to the top of the table."
"He said he was \"not sure \"whether he would be able to return to the U. S. after the election, but said he was \"not going anywhere \"in the near future."
"The president's plan is to spend $ 1. 7 billion on infrastructure projects, up from $ 2. 2 billion in 2015."
"But I'm going to be honest with you, if you're going to have a problem with something, it's going to be with me."
"But he said the company would be \"extremely concerned \"if the government were to change its position on the issue."
"\"It's a great honour to be selected as one of the new faces of the party,\" he said."
"The group said it had been in contact with the Syrian government since mid- January, and had been able to reach the Syrian army."
"But the court heard he had been in a relationship with the woman for two years and had been on a relationship- only relationship- with her for two years."
"The government has said it wants to get the UK to the negotiating table on the terms of leaving the EU, but the government has also said it is prepared to negotiate a deal with Brussels if it is agreed."
"The company said it would take steps to improve its customer experience, but that it was not ready to say how many of its customers would be affected."
"The news comes as a major shake- up of the company's top- level management is being investigated by the U. S. Department of Justice."
"The next day, the FBI agents arrested him in the car and he was taken to a local jail."
"\"The only thing that has changed is the way I have been treated,\" she said in an interview with the Guardian."
"It's not that I'm going to go back to the old ways, it's just that I don't want to."
"The government has promised to introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy and sell alcohol."
"The only thing that makes me happy is that I'm not going to be going to the doctor and I'm not going to be going to the hospital."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say we're not going to do something,\" she said, \"but we're going to do it."
"\"We have to have a very good relationship with the EU, we have to have a very good relationship with Russia, we have to have a very good relationship with China,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Monday after the news of the deal."
"The move was a direct response to the U. S. military's decision to launch a series of airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Syria."
"\"I have a very strong belief that the best way to deal with the issue is to get on with it,\" he told reporters."
"\"We've been working hard to make sure we get the right outcome for the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The man, who is from a Muslim faith, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is now in police custody."
"It's a really nice thing to have, but I'm not sure it's going to work for me."
"I had no idea what I was doing, but I knew I was going to be in a bad way."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a history with the school and the community,\" she said."
"The US, China and Japan all have their own versions of the app, but the US is the first to make it available to the public."
"I think it's important to know the person that is going to be the president of the United States of America, because that's what I have to do."
"He's been in the top 10 for the last couple of years, so it's a real bonus."
"The fact that the market is still relatively stable is the reason why I think that we should be investing in the future."
"We were talking to people who were looking for a different way of doing things, and I told them I didn't want to be a part of that."
"The study found that the number of people who said they had used cannabis in the past year had increased by more than half."
"\"I think it's important for me to be able to be with my family and be able to see them,\" he said."
"But the real question is whether it is possible to have a more open relationship between the two countries than we have had in decades."
"The fact that we are in this position is not a surprise to us, because we have been in this position before."
"I'm not saying that we should have the same policies as the rest of the EU, but I do think it's important to make sure we have the right policies."
"The most recent figures show that in the first quarter of this year the number of people employed in construction was up by 2, 000."
"I was just trying to get the ball and see if I could get it back and if I could get it back I would try to get it back."
"He said:'I was in a car with a man who was driving a truck and he was trying to get out of the car."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be a good parent,\" she said, adding that she had been a good parent for more than 20 years."
"\"It's not going to be easy,\" he said, adding that he had been told that the decision would be made by the end of the week."
"The Republican nominee's supporters are trying to make a point: They want to know whether he's serious about the issues they care about."
"But when you are in a relationship, you can't just take it for granted, you have to learn to live with it."
"It's not a big deal, but it's not the end of the world for me, it's just the beginning."
"The move comes amid a growing number of reports of abuse and sexual violence against women and girls in the UK."
"The government is also considering a bill to make it easier for people to register their tax affairs, which would also be a step towards a tax- free society."
"The U. S. State Department said it had been informed of the death of the American citizen, but did not say how the U. S. was treating him."
"In the past, the EU has been a key player in the free trade zone between the UK and the EU, but the deal has been struck in secret for years."
"\"I think the first thing we have to do is to make sure we are doing our job, and that's the first thing that we have to do,\" he said."
"I am not saying that the United States is a great country, but I do think that we have to be better than that."
"\"The first thing you do is to make sure you're not going to be in the position that you're in,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's going to be a long- term solution but we have to look at it."
"I am very happy to have been able to do it and I am sure I will do it again and again."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to talk about it with a manager who's been around the game for a long time."
"\"The good news is that we are now at the point where there is a clear path to a deal,\" Mr. Trump said."
"He said: \"I think it's a shame that people who are in the public eye are not being given the opportunity to speak out."
"\"I think we're going to be able to move the ball a little bit more,\" he said."
"He said the company had already been working on the project for a year and had been working on it for more than a year."
"It's not that I don't think it's important to have a strong voice in politics ; it's just that I don't think it's important to have a strong voice in the media."
"The government is now taking the lead in the fight against the practice, which is being used by the police and soldiers."
"\"I think there's a lot of things that we've learned from this,\" he said, adding that the team's success has been based on the players they've played with."
"\"I don't think we've been able to do anything to change that,\" he said."
"\"I have to say, I think it's a great story and a great opportunity for us to do something about it,\" he said."
"\"I think the reason why we're seeing so much interest is because the way we're seeing it right now is that we're not seeing the whole picture,\" he said."
"The new rules will be implemented in 2018, but the company said it expects to make changes to the law in the near future."
"I don't think it's the right way to do it, but I think it's a good way to do it."
"The U. S. has been at war with Russia for more than a decade, and the two countries have been at odds for more than a decade."
"\"I don't think that's the right way to do it,\" he said, noting that the company has been trying to change that."
"He was sentenced to six years in prison and was banned from driving for six months in 2014 and 2015."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I know that I have a lot of good things to say about the future,\" he said."
"I am very proud of the work we have done in the last few years and I am sure we will continue to do so."
"The former secretary of state's campaign has said she will not attend the event, but a spokesman for her campaign said she would be able to attend."
"The company said the new iPhone will be released in early September, and that it expects the device to be available in the second half of the year."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the homes until the government has done all the work to ensure they are safe."
"The police said they were working with local authorities to establish the cause of the crash, but they could not confirm the cause of death."
"The more you know about the other person, the more likely you are to be able to help them out."
"I've got a bit of a head start on the rest of the way, but I'm looking forward to it."
"The court heard that the couple had been in the car park for a few minutes when they were approached by the driver."
"The group's new report, which was released Tuesday, found that the U. S. has been the victim of a wave of cyber attacks since the start of the year."
"The new president will have to decide whether to send troops to fight in Syria, where he has promised to fight terrorism and the Assad regime."
"It is a big step forward for the club, and it is a huge step forward for the fans, but it is not enough."
"\"I am not going to say anything about the situation that we are in, but I want to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we"
"In a speech in New York, Trump said he would have a \"very, very tough \"approach to China."
"\"I have to say, I think it's a very, very good feeling to be out there and to be able to have a chance to play at a level that I can play at,\" he said."
"The incident comes after the Government said it will introduce a new law to protect children from the risks of the drug."
"The new rules will apply to all schools, including those that are already in the process of closing, and to all pupils who have not been formally admitted."
"In the past, when the market was low, there was a lot of uncertainty about the future of the stock."
"It's a very big club and we are going to have to be really, really good at the moment to get them to play at the top level."
"It's not just about the money, it's about what you can do with your time and your money."
"The company's shares fell 5. 8 per cent to $ 2. 10 in after- hours trading."
"The government is to set up a commission of inquiry into the death of a British soldier in Afghanistan in 2014."
"\"I don't think that's a good thing,\" he said of the move, adding that he wanted to be a part of the Olympic team."
"It's been a long time coming and we're just trying to get better every day."
"The move comes after the government said it would cut the number of people it will consider for asylum in the coming year."
"The FBI is investigating whether the Trump campaign or the Trump campaign staff were aware of or approved of the emails released by the State Department and other government agencies."
"\"The first thing I did was I went to a doctor and he said that he was going to take me to a hospital,\" she said."
"But in the end, the question remains: How do you balance that with the fact that you're not really a politician?"
"\"We've got to do better in the next couple of weeks,\" said the England captain."
"The first was a lengthy letter to the editor, which was published in the Sunday Times on Monday."
"The government is also expected to announce a new tax on the value of properties bought by people who are not residents."
"\"It's not that I don't like it, but I don't know how to explain it,\" he said."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a knife and was released on bail."
"The second half was a good result, but we have to be ready to play the game and that's what we did."
"The European Union's migration policy is one of the most important issues of the year, and it is the subject of a new report by the European Commission."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the community to know that they are being heard,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have a big debate about this, and I'm going to be the one to make it happen,\" he said."
"The first was a $ 1. 5 million, three- year contract to provide services to the city's homeless."
"\"I think the best thing you can do is to get a little bit of a laugh,\" he said."
"The first of those is the UK's decision to leave the European Union, and the second is the UK's decision to leave the European Union."
"The most important thing is to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we get the best possible deal for the British people."
"The United States has been bombing Islamic State since 2014, when it began to send ground troops to Iraq."
"The government has also said that it will continue to push for the creation of a special fund to help families affected by the earthquake."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people who are here, but I also have a lot of respect for the people who are here,\" he said."
"The new system is expected to be rolled out across the UK in the autumn, with a further roll- out in England and Wales."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do to get my game back to where it was before,\" he said."
"The UK's main political parties have called for the UK to remain in the EU, and for Britain to remain in the single market."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think of a bad day is not having a good day, but having a bad day."
"I think it's important for the club to be able to play at the level they need to play at and to be able to play at the level that we need to play at."
"It was a tough game, but we are a good team and we are a good team and we can do it."
"The Prime Minister said he was \"very proud \"of his team, which included his wife and two sons."
"The company's shares have lost more than half the value of the company since the start of the year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent since the start of the year, and is down more than 15 percent in the past year."
"The most recent poll of likely voters shows Clinton leading by a margin of just under 50 percent to Trump's 45 percent."
"\"I've got a lot of friends who are from the south, and they all have a great relationship with the area,\" she said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product, the quality of the people who work in it, and it's not just about the money."
"\"I don't think that's fair,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the other candidates had been given the same opportunity."
"The club is in a very difficult situation and I am sure it will take some time to get the right decision."
"The Prime Minister's official spokeswoman said the Prime Minister was \"deeply concerned \"about the death toll in the crash."
"It's a long way to the end, but it's not too far to the end of the world."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything in the world,\" he said."
"It's not just that we don't know what's going to happen, we don't know where we'll go."
"\"I think we have got to be more than just a group of people, we have got to be able to share our experiences,\" she said."
"It's the first time the two countries have met in this fashion since the first time the two sides met in 1992."
"The British Medical Association is appealing for people to share their stories about the NHS's failure to tackle the problem of cancer in their communities."
"He's a great player, he's a great player, he's a great player and he's a great player, but he's not the player that I thought he would be."
"\"I'm a little worried about that, but I'm not worried about anything else,\" she said."
"The company's stock has risen more than 1 percent since the company announced its plan to lay off 2, 000 workers."
"The poll found that the majority of Americans think the U. S. should continue to be a member of the European Union, even if it doesn't fully embrace the new member."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday as investors sought answers about the company's future."
"The president- elect has said that he would like to see the US become a \"gold standard \"for trade with the EU."
"\"I'm not saying that we're going to be able to do that in the future,\" he said."
"The government has said it will provide the money to help pay for the construction of a new prison, but the government has also said it is considering other options."
"The British government is to spend \u00a3 1. 1 billion on the project, which will be funded by the EU."
"But he has also been accused of sexual harassment and assault, and was charged with assault in a public place."
"\"I think I have a better understanding of what it takes to be successful in the business,\" he said."
"In the past, the most recent data available, the number of people who had been diagnosed with cancer in the past year was 2. 7 million."
"The woman, who is a nurse, said she was not aware of any injuries but said she was not sure if the man was hurt."
"The most important thing is to get the right balance of the game, and I'm sure we will do that."
"The first is that it was a very small group of people, but it was a very large group, and the second is that it was very well organized."
"\"I was very lucky to have a lot of friends who were in my life, and I have to say, I have a lot of friends who are in my life,\" she said."
"The man was arrested in August 2014 and was later released on bail, but was charged with rape in 2014."
"The latest figures show that the number of people in work fell by more than a third in the last year, with the number of people in work rising by just over a third in the last year."
"But I think that's just a matter of time, and I think that's a matter of how we handle this situation."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 4 billion for its U. S. operations, and that it would be filing for a second round of funding in the coming months."
"\"I think we've had a great year, we've got a lot of guys who are playing well,\" he said."
"The game is a bit different, but it's a lot more physical and it's a lot more intense."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has opened a criminal investigation into the bank, which was under investigation by the FBI and the Justice Department."
"\"It's not a big deal, but it is a big deal for us because we have to get the best out of the players,\" he said."
"\"It's not just about a quick fix, it's about a long- term plan,\" he said."
"It is the first time a major U. S. company has been able to get a court order to stop such a program."
"\"It was a great experience for me to be able to show people that I can do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had also been in talks with the government on a \"more robust \"approach to the issue."
"It's not just about the money, it's about how we use the money to help people, not just about the money."
"\"We have to be careful not to go too far in our approach to the conflict,\" he said, adding that the Syrian government has not yet decided what it will do."
"The man was found dead in the car, but police said he had been stabbed several times in the head."
"But it's not just a matter of whether you're a good or a bad person."
"I have a lot of friends and family that have been here for a long time and I know that it's a special place to be here."
"He was one of the most successful managers in the history of the club and we are very proud of his legacy."
"The U. S. State Department said on Friday that it was working to determine how the new sanctions would affect the Russian economy."
"The couple's two children were born in the same year, and the family was split up after the birth of their second child."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said."
"The two men, who were arrested in the same area, were taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a critical condition."
"The news comes just days after the company announced it was reducing its workforce by nearly half in China, a move that could cost it billions of dollars."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be in the White House for a long time,\" he said."
"It's a great way to get to know the people you're looking at and to know what they think about you."
"I have a lot of respect for the people of New York, and I have a lot of respect for the people of New York, and I think that's what the voters of New York want."
"He said: \"I think it's important to remember that the UK is not a member of the European Union, and the UK is not a member of the single market."
"The State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the inquiry, which was launched in January."
"In the US, the average age of first- time buyers is 29, and in China, the average age of first- time buyers is 35, the report said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said of the proposed changes."
"It's a good thing that we're in this situation, because we've got to keep our heads down and get ready for the next game."
"It's not a good look for someone who has just been admitted to hospital and who has no symptoms."
"He's going to be the best player in the world and he's going to be the best player in the world for the next five years."
"\"I think we need to look at what we can do to help the community,\" he said."
"In the past, the Fed has been able to raise rates without raising rates on its own, but it has been unable to do so without raising rates on its own."
"The only reason I'm not going to be a part of it is because I don't want to be."
"The company's net income rose to $ 1. 2 billion in the third quarter, from $ 1. 9 billion in the previous quarter."
"The group said it was \"surprised \"by the report, which was published on Tuesday, and that it was \"not clear \"what the consequences of such a move might be."
"The government's own figures show that the proportion of people who don't have a job has increased from 30 per cent in 2000 to 35 per cent in 2015."
"\"I think that's what he's been trying to do in the last few weeks,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to say that the NFL is a bad league, but it's not a good league,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a big deal, because I think the world is going to be a much better place,\" he said."
"The government said it would take \"significant steps \"to ensure the safety of the public in the wake of the crash."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Russia, Iran, China and other countries to develop a military response to the conflict."
"The government's new plan is to make it easier for people to buy homes, with a focus on the first three years of the housing benefit scheme."
"\"I think it's important for us to make sure we have the right people in place,\" she said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice says it is investigating the death of a woman who was found dead in her home in North Carolina."
"\"We're not going to let the fans down,\" he said, \"and I'm not going to let them down."
"The SNP has been criticised for its stance on the UK's membership of the European Union, which it said would make it more difficult to control immigration from the bloc."
"\"I was always worried about what my kids would be like if I didn't have a dad,\" she says."
"The company is also considering a bid to expand into the US, and is looking to expand into the UK and Ireland."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that we have to be able to talk about the issues and the issues that are important to the American people,\" she said."
"The British people are entitled to know whether the UK government has been clear about its intention to leave the EU and whether this is in the interests of the UK economy."
"\"It's a really important thing for us to talk about, and I think it's important for the community to talk about,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that the situation is the right one for us,\" he said, adding that the city is also considering the possibility of a referendum."
"I have a lot of respect for the way he played and the way he played, but I don't think he was a great player."
"The government is not interested in the idea that it can't be done in the future, because it doesn't have the resources."
"The Labour leader said: \"We have to be clear that this is not the start of a new Labour government."
"\"I think that if you look at the picture, it's a very, very happy picture,\" he said."
"\"It's the first time I've had a good reaction from the audience, and I think that's what's really going to make this film stand out,\" he said."
"The result was a \"huge surge \"in the number of people who wanted to come forward with their claims, he said."
"\"I'm not going to put a dollar figure on it,\" he said, but said he would be willing to consider a lower one."
"But it is still unclear how much of the new revenue will be used to pay for the new hospitals, which will be built by the end of the year."
"The couple, who are both in their 20s, have been married for 20 years and have two children, aged seven and five."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to do this,\" said the former secretary of state."
"The only thing that is going to stop us from doing it is the fact that we're going to be in the European Union."
"The company's stock fell to $ 23. 60 in after- hours trading on Monday, after it reported a loss of $ 2. 5 million."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife, who had been a friend of mine, if she could have a baby."
"The new law, which comes into effect on January 1, will apply to all migrants who have been in the country for at least five years."
"\"I think it's going to be a long time before we have a system that is reliable,\" he said."
"He said he had been working with the police on the case and that he had spoken to the man's mother."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 40 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost nearly a third of its value since the start of the year."
"The findings are based on data from more than 1, 200 patients, and the results were published in the journal Public Health."
"The new study, published online in the Journal of the American Medical Association, shows that the risk of a stroke is almost twice as high in women who drink more than men."
"I think we have to be very careful in the past, because we are going to have to be very careful about what we do with the money."
"\"I've been in the business for 20 years, I've been a long- serving member of the board,\" she said."
"The report said the number of people who had been forced to leave their homes due to the threat of terrorism was at an all- time high."
"The U. S. Supreme Court is expected to rule on the constitutionality of a state of emergency in Syria, the Associated Press reported."
"The reason is that the financial sector has been able to attract investment from China, India, South Korea, Japan and other countries."
"\"It's the first time I've been in a restaurant and it's really special,\" he said."
"The man who had been the victim of a robbery has been taken to hospital, but his condition is not known."
"The company's net income for the quarter was $ 1. 1 billion, compared to $ 1. 8 billion in the same period a year ago."
"The UK is not the only country to have made a commitment to reduce the amount of coal used in its power plants."
"The second- place finish was a good sign for the French, who have won four of their past five matches."
"I don't think that the government is going to take any of these people, let alone the people who were there when they were arrested."
"It's been a long road, but it's the first time we've had a team of people who have been here for so long."
"The fact that the US is the only country in the world that has a military in the Middle East is a big deal for the world."
"The company's stock has lost about 10 percent of its value since the start of the year, according to the Wall Street Journal."
"I don't think it's a big deal that we're not going to be able to play in the Champions League."
"The Obama administration has said it will continue to work with the U. S. government in the fight against the Islamic State in Syria, including in Yemen."
"\"I'm not going to say anything until the end of the season, because I don't want to get into the final,\" he said."
"The fact that the man was found dead in his car, and not in his home, was a shock to the family."
"I think it's a good thing for the club, it's a good thing for the players and it's a good thing for the club to be able to look back and say, we did it."
"The new deal, which will see the company cut its UK tax bill by 40 per cent, will be announced in the coming weeks."
"I'm not sure if he'll be back for the World Cup, but he'll be back for the World Cup and hopefully we can get him back."
"\"I'm not sure I can say it's the best thing for the team, but I'm not sure I can say that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about this,\" he said."
"\"It's a big difference, but it's a big difference because it's a really big difference,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not raise rates until the next general election, and it has said it will not raise rates until the next election."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost nearly half of its value in the last three years."
"The company said it would add a second lane of traffic on the main road to help keep people moving."
"The UK has been a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, which has claimed the lives of at least 250, 000 people."
"He said: \"We are now in the process of looking at a number of options to make sure the Scottish Government can get the best possible deal for Scotland."
"I think it's a good idea, but it's not the right thing to do for the people of this country."
"The FBI has opened an investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state, the Justice Department announced Wednesday."
"The government has been criticised for failing to explain why the new rules are being introduced, and for not being in line with the law."
"The people who are going to be making decisions in the next four years will have to be people who have never voted before."
"He has been an important part of our success in the Premier League, he has been a key player for us and we are very proud of him."
"The man, who has not been named, said he was \"very upset \"and had \"no idea \"if he would be able to get the job."
"The most important thing is to be able to put the ball in the box and get the right balance and I am very happy with the result."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get some momentum going and get some points, and then we'll see how we go from here."
"\"I'm not sure I can say that I'm in favour of it but I'm not sure I'm in favour of that,\" he said."
"But I don't think it's a problem for the club or for the fans, because we have to do what we have to do."
"\"We have to be able to deal with it in a way that's fair and reasonable,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a really important moment in the history of the game,\" he said, \"and I think it's a really good moment for the league."
"I'm not sure if I've ever seen him in person, but I've heard him say he's going to be a big help to the team."
"I have to admit I was a little surprised that I was able to get the job, but I'm not surprised that I was given the job because I had to."
"\"I think it's a good way to start a conversation,\" he said of the new approach."
"It's not a big deal, but we're not going to let them do it to us."
"The agency's new policy, which is expected to be announced in the coming weeks, says that the agency will not be able to take the money from the current accounts."
"It's the first time I've been on the road in the last three or four years, so it's a big challenge."
"I have been told that I have to be in the best shape I can be for the next five years."
"\"We have a lot of people who have been here for decades and they are still here,\" he said."
"The US has been on high alert since the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington, and it has been under a state of emergency since the November 11 attacks on Paris."
"He said the government was \"not prepared to say \"what it will do next, but said he hoped the UK would be able to get on with the job of defending the UK."
"The company said it was \"actively considering \"new ways to sell its products, but said it had not yet decided on a new way to sell the devices."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, and it had $ 1 billion in cash on hand."
"The Scottish Government has said it will be \"extremely careful \"in its approach to the UK's exit from the European Union."
"The men are accused of killing a woman and her two children, who were among the victims, before they fled."
"The court heard that the man was found to be in possession of a knife and had been stabbed in the back by the woman."
"\"We are not going to have a vote on this, but we will be able to say that we have an agreement,\" he said."
"\"I think we can all agree that we need to do more to address this issue,\" he said."
"The state's unemployment rate fell to 5. 5 percent from 5. 9 percent, its lowest level in more than two decades."
"The president- elect has promised to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border, and has suggested that Mexico pay for it."
"The study found that the proportion of people who said they had suffered a mental health crisis was four times higher than in the general population."
"The main difference between the two is that the government has not invested in the infrastructure that would allow it to keep its hands off the market."
"The former secretary of state, who was born in New York, has said she will not seek the White House."
"The judge ruled that the man was not guilty of the charges against him and that the prosecution had failed to prove the charge against him."
"\"I think there's a lot of people who are going to be disappointed,\" she said, adding that she's optimistic about the future."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country, because it gives us a better understanding of what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The first one is a lot of fun, but the second one is a lot of pain and frustration and I just don't want to go through it again."
"\"It was a great experience and I'm really looking forward to getting back to the Olympics,\" he said."
"He said: \"We have been working with the police on this and we are now appealing to anyone who may have information about this incident to come forward."
"\"It's important to understand that you can't just do it on your own,\" he said."
"\"I have been very clear that I don't think it's appropriate for me to comment on any of the decisions made by the government,\" he said."
"The first is that you can't have a party that doesn't have a lot of people who are going to be in the room."
"The vast majority of Americans are still not sure how to vote, but the polls are showing that they do."
"The company said it will cut its workforce by around 50, 000 from the current 24, 000 it had at the beginning of the year."
"The U. S. and Russia have been at odds since Moscow began its air campaign in Syria in September 2014."
"He said:'I was a little nervous, but I was just a little bit nervous when I saw it and I thought it was a good thing."
"The first thing I do is I go out and get a drink and I go out and get a little bit of sleep and then I go back in and I get up and I'm out."
"I think it's a very important thing to do, because I think that the best way to do it is to have a conversation about it."
"\"We're going to be working with the government to find out what happened and we're going to make sure that the right people are in charge of that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's the most important thing in the world,\" he said of his presidency."
"It's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that, but we'll have to see how it goes."
"\"I'm not sure how much it will affect the market, but I think it will be a good thing,\" he said."
"But the real test will be in the future, when the public is asked to take part in a referendum on the EU."
"We have been in contact with the French authorities and will continue to work with them to try to find the person responsible."
"It's not just the number of people that's a problem, it's the number of people that are not in the workforce."
"The United States and Russia are in a war of words over the Syrian conflict and the possibility of a cease- fire."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs has dropped by more than a third since the start of the recession."
"I've been in this position before, and I've said that I don't want to be the one to lose out."
"It is a big job, but it is not a job that is easy for me, because I have to keep my head down."
"The couple were given a suspended sentence of six months'per day for their role in the attack, which took place on the night of April 5."
"But in the end, I think the question is whether we can make it better or whether we need to do it in a more radical way."
"I was not sure if I could go to the doctor or the doctor's office, but I was able to get a appointment."
"\"I think the most important thing for me is to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this."
"I don't know how long it will take for the next generation to be able to get to the point where they can be a part of the future."
"The group's chief executive, Michael Roberts, said the company was \"looking at a range of options \"for the future."
"The country has seen an unprecedented number of migrants enter the country since the start of the year, with the number of asylum seekers increasing from almost 200, 000 in the first half of 2015 to more than 2. 5 million in the second half"
"The next day, the police took the two men and arrested them, but they were later released without charge."
"The prime minister has been clear that she wants to see the UK remain in the single market, and that she will not compromise on that."
"The survey found that only about half of the people who voted for Mr. Trump in the election said they would have voted for the Republican candidate if the election had been held today."
"The police said that they were looking for a suspect who was seen in the video leaving the scene."
"\"The only thing that I'm worried about is if I get a little bit of luck,\" he said."
"The main reason for this was that the people who are most likely to vote for the SNP are those who are most likely to be in the SNP's camp."
"The court heard that the victim was on her way to a friend's house when she was approached by a man who had just returned from a night out."
"But the company is also trying to cut costs by cutting its staff and by reducing the number of employees it has in the UK."
"The former secretary of state also said that while she would support the president- elect, she would not support her rival, Donald Trump."
"The study found that people who are more active, have more children, and live longer were also more likely to have a heart attack."
"The police said they had been called to the house, but it was not clear whether they had been able to get in."
"\"We have to be able to do the things we're capable of doing,\" he said, adding that he had not yet decided whether to run for president."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI is working with the State Department to determine whether the emails are relevant to the investigation."
"We have been told that the new rules will be introduced at the end of the month, so we have to wait and see."
"The FBI has released a new look at its investigation into Hillary Clinton's email use, which it said could lead to new charges against the former secretary of state."
"The first of the two \"grievances \"that Trump has said he will accept the results of the election are his plans to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border."
"It's a big deal for us, it's a big deal for the game, and we've got to make sure we're ready for the next game."
"He said: \"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been a long- time customer of the company."
"It's been a long time coming, but I feel like I'm just going to be a part of the team and get the opportunity to play in the team."
"But, he said, the government had not yet decided whether to appeal the decision, which is likely to be heard in June."
"\"I'm sure the government will look at it and see how they can make a decision,\" he said."
"The new law, which was passed by the state Senate on Tuesday, will allow the state government to begin the process of moving forward with the program."
"The FBI is investigating a possible terrorist threat to the U. S. and other countries, including the U. S. and its allies, in response to the deadly attacks in Paris, France, on November 13, and Brussels, Belgium,"
"I've got a lot of work to do, and I'm going to continue to work hard and I'm going to continue to get better."
"\"I'm not sure how I'm going to get back to the kind of life I was,\" she said."
"But the people who have been affected by this are not the ones who have been affected by the other issues."
"The report also found that the proportion of people who have been diagnosed with mental health issues had fallen from about 30 per cent in 2001 to about 10 per cent in 2014."
"The move is likely to have a significant impact on the state's unemployment rate, which has fallen from 4. 9 percent to 3. 8 percent."
"The UK government has set out a plan to tackle the issue, which will be discussed at a cabinet meeting on Wednesday."
"\"I have a very good relationship with him and I think he's very interested in me and I think he's very interested in my family,\" she said."
"The problem with the \"social media \"is that it's a tool for people to share their thoughts, ideas and experiences."
"But the fact that I was able to play the role of my own character in this movie, I was able to take that role and make it a lot more personal."
"The president- elect said in a statement on Monday that he would be \"very disappointed \"if the country \"didn't get along with the country."
"He said: \"I was really shocked when I read the comments on the website and I thought I would never have the opportunity to speak to them again."
"It is an issue that has been a source of frustration for many Americans, and it is one that is likely to remain a source of frustration for many Republicans."
"It's the first time in my life that I've done something that I think is going to be really interesting for the next couple of years."
"\"We are not going to sit back and say we're not going to do what we're doing,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say to the young people who are here, is that you have to respect the decision of the government."
"The man, who has not been named, is said to be a retired police officer who is known for his aggressive behaviour."
"The company said in a statement that it had been working on a solution for the problem for about a year."
"I've been a big fan of the guys that have been there, and I'm looking forward to seeing what they do next."
"But the reality is, we are not going to be able to do that, so we are not going to be able to do that."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product and the quality of service that we provide."
"The team at the University of California, Davis, is looking at ways to improve the performance of its students."
"The one thing I would say to anyone who's been through this, and I think that's the most important thing, is that you have to be prepared to take responsibility."
"The last time we saw each other was in the spring of 2011, when we were both on the road together."
"The second, and perhaps more significant, is that the UK's relationship with the European Union has improved since the referendum."
"\"I think the only thing that can really change it is the fact that we have a woman president,\" he said."
"\"The fact that we have the right people in the right places and the right people in the right places to do this is something that will make a difference,\" he said."
"\"I've been here for a while, and I think that's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I've always been a big fan of the idea of a government that can do what's right,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing, because it's a great way to go out and have a good time,\" he said."
"\"I'm a little bit nervous because I don't know if I'll be able to play,\" he said."
"It's not just that we are losing money, it's that we are losing people's confidence in the NHS."
"The former secretary of state also has a history of attacking the Republican Party and its nominee, Donald Trump, for what he sees as his personal political views."
"\"I'm just happy to be here and I'm excited to see what the future holds,\" he said."
"The only way to have a good relationship with the people you work with is to have them be happy with you."
"I don't know if they're going to be able to get the job done, but they're going to have to."
"The way he has been treated in the media has been a disaster, and we have to be very careful in what we say and what we say."
"In the last two years, we have seen a significant increase in the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV."
"The United States has been under pressure to give more money to the Syrian government since the beginning of the civil war."
"The man's wife and two children were among the dead, according to the police, who said the man had been seen with the woman and was not believed to be in the car at the time."
"The FBI said the agency was not aware of any other suspicious activity and that the investigation was ongoing."
"He was not the only player to have his name called in the past week, but he was the only one who had a chance to win the game."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of life,\" she said."
"The British government has said it will hold a referendum on the UK's membership of the EU in the autumn."
"The government is also keen to keep the tax on sugar tax, which was introduced in 2003, as a separate source of revenue."
"I've been to a lot of shows and I've seen so much of them and I've been able to get a good feel for them."
"But it is not clear whether the government will go ahead with the deal, which will see the UK leave the European Union."
"We've got to make sure we get the right balance between the players and the fans and that's what we're going to do."
"The first was to find out what the government was doing to help the British people, and the second was to find out what the government was doing to help the British people in the EU."
"The new deal was expected to be announced on Monday, and the company will then have the opportunity to make its case to shareholders."
"The agency said the results of its investigation showed that the number of people who had been killed had risen by more than 20% since the start of the year."
"The company is also investing in its own research and development in the US and China, which it hopes will help it to attract more customers."
"\"I've got a lot of respect for him,\" Trump said of the former reality TV star, who is now a Trump adviser."
"The company said the latest data showed that the number of devices sold in the UK fell by 2. 4 per cent in the second quarter."
"The company's shares are up more than 20% in the past year, but they are down more than 50% since the start of the year."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a lot of people who are here for a long time and they are here for a long time."
"It's a little bit different to what we've been doing before, but we're still trying to do it."
"\"I think it's going to be a great opportunity for us to get the ball rolling and get a good result,\" he said."
"The report said the government had failed to protect the public from the effects of the water crisis, and that the government had failed to protect the public from the effects of the water crisis, particularly in rural areas."
"The number of people who have been displaced by the conflict in Syria and Iraq has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011, according to the UN."
"But it is a very different situation when you have a player who has been in the Premier League for so long, and has not been able to make a proper contribution."
"I've been in a lot of different places, and I'm trying to figure out how to get the best out of myself."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't know if it's going to happen,\" she said."
"\"We're going to have a really tough race in New Hampshire,\" he said, referring to the Democratic primary."
"\"It's a great time for all of us, and it's a great time for the whole of the country,\" he said."
"In the US, the most common form of the virus is passed on from person to person, with the virus spreading through blood and skin."
"The study found that the average number of days a woman had to wait for a diagnosis was nearly four hours, with the average waiting time being less than two weeks."
"The official said the two men were not in a relationship and had been married for a few years, but were not related to each other."
"But the new rules mean that the council will have to pay \u00a3 1, 000 a year in fees, up to \u00a3 5, 000 a year for the first year."
"\"We don't know what's going on with the other guys,\" he said, \"and we're not going to know for sure until we see it."
"\"I'm not saying that it's not a possibility, but it's a possibility,\" he said."
"The problem is that the public has been fed up with the way the public has been treated in the past, and the way the public has been treated in the past two years."
"The company is also looking to increase its presence in the U. S. market, where it has a presence of more than 40, 000 employees."
"In the end, the state of the Democratic Party and the political climate in Washington are the best place to be a black person."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we can't go back to the way we were,\" he said."
"\"I've been very clear that I don't want to be involved in the debate,\" he said."
"I am not going to be able to do that because of the legal issues, but I think it is a good thing."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to go out and do something that I don't want to do,\" \"he said."
"The man, who has not been identified, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"\"I think that's the most important thing to me, and I think the most important thing for the country,\" he told the crowd in a speech in New York City on Saturday."
"The group's website says the group has about 2, 000 members and that it has about 2, 000 videos on YouTube."
"\"I don't know if it's because I'm older or if I'm just not used to being in the same room as everyone else,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was shot in the back of the head, and is now in critical condition in hospital."
"The company has been trying to get a new contract since the last contract was signed in December last year."
"The decision to make the investment is a major step forward in the fight against corruption, which has been the focus of much of the country's political and economic life."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be able to do it all over again,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the deal is, but I'm sure it's a good deal, and I'll be happy to pay that."
"The four- year- old boy who was killed was a boy who was in the house at the time of the attack, according to police."
"The result of the vote will be announced at a special meeting of the European Parliament on Monday, May 4."
"But if we can't get enough people to come and see us, it's not going to be worth it."
"\"The question is, is it going to be a problem for us, or will it be a problem for the American people?\"he said."
"\"I am going to be honest with you, I don't think I have ever seen anything like it,\" he said."
"We've got to get the best out of him, and we'll just have to see what happens with him."
"The new figures show that the number of people aged over 65 with a disability has increased by 1. 3 per cent over the past year."
"He said the government would review the law to ensure it was not being abused in the future and would consider the impact on the community."
"The United Nations has warned that the number of civilians living in the city has increased by more than a third since the start of the fighting."
"I think that's a good thing because it's a very important thing for the club and I think it's a good thing for the players."
"I think we have a very good team, we've got a good manager, we've got a good squad and we can't lose any sleep over them."
"The government has said the reforms will reduce the number of people coming to Britain for work and reduce the number of people who have a job."
"The U. S. Justice Department said on Wednesday that it would review the case and would not comment further."
"The man's wife and three children were among the dead and the woman was taken to hospital, according to police."
"It's a little bit of a challenge to get the right balance between the two, but I think we've got a good team here."
"\"I think it's a very, very good thing that they're doing it,\" he said."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than 20% since the start of the year."
"I was very proud of the way we played, and I think that's what we're going to have to look at next week."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to say that, because it's not as if I don't have a good reason for doing it,\" he said."
"The Obama administration has not yet decided whether to extend the sanctions for another year, but it is expected to do so."
"I've been lucky enough to have played in a few big games, but I've never played in a big game like this."
"The UK government has said it will take action to protect children and young people who are living in \"dangerous \"conditions in Calais."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a local hospital and is expected to survive his injuries."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised at the amount of people who came to see me."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I felt like I could have done anything to make a difference,\" he said."
"The couple's relationship has been the subject of much speculation over the years, with the couple having been married for three years."
"The company is also considering whether to expand into other markets, such as the United States, where it has a strong presence."
"The United Nations has called on Russia and the Syrian government to stop attacks on civilians and humanitarian workers, and to take all possible measures to avoid civilian deaths."
"But he is also the son of a former US Air Force captain and his father, who served as an officer in the US Air Force."
"The new data also suggests that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has dropped from 2. 5 million in 2000 to 2. 3 million today."
"He has a lot of potential, but I'm not sure if he's the right guy to be the guy we're looking at."
"But it's not like that, and I don't think it's going to be a problem."
"The incident is being investigated by the Metropolitan Police Department, but it is not yet clear if the woman's injuries were life- threatening."
"The government's plan would allow the government to spend up to \u00a3 10 billion a year on the NHS, and it is expected to be approved by the Commons Health Committee on Wednesday."
"It is the first time that a third- party candidate has won the nomination for the party's presidential nomination."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has been investigating the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation for more than two years."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a new president who has been in office for eight years,\" he said."
"The number of people who are still in the EU has increased by nearly 300, 000 since the referendum, according to the report."
"\"I am not going to be able to do this because of the law,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do it because of the cost of the procedure."
"\"It's a great place to be and I can't wait to be in the city,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem, but I don't think it will be a problem for us,\" he said."
"I think we have a very good chance of winning the league and I don't think we will be disappointed."
"\"I'm not going to lie, it was a great feeling to be able to play the way I did,\" he said."
"It is a great way to connect with people, especially those who are struggling with their weight."
"The fact that we have been able to get the ball out of the ground and make the most of the opportunities we had is a huge credit to the team."
"The company's shares fell by more than 10 percent to $ 4. 27 on Thursday after the announcement."
"\"I think that's the best way to describe it, but it's a very difficult thing to do,\" he said."
"\"I think it's the best thing that ever happened to me,\" he said, noting that he has been a \"sick father \"to his three children."
"\"I think it's important that we take this issue seriously, and we're doing that now,\" he said."
"The Obama administration has been pushing for a new agreement on Syria, but the Obama administration has been pushing for a new agreement on Libya, but the Obama administration is pushing for a new agreement on Syria."
"The report said that the rate of sexual assault on college campus was at its lowest level since the early 1990s."
"I know that the people that are going to be in the White House are going to be people that I respect, and I respect that they're going to be in the White House."
"It's a great way to start a new year and to help the community get ready for the New Year."
"But the problem is that there is no way to tell whether it is the right thing to do, or not."
"I've been able to make the most of it in the last couple of weeks, and I've been able to make the most of it in the last couple of months."
"The same could be said for the European Union, which has been struggling to cope with the migration crisis it is facing."
"The company said it had hired more than 100 people to help with the process, but that it would not reveal how many of the new employees were new to the company."
"He said he had been told that he would not be allowed to attend the funeral because of the risk of being arrested."
"The US- led coalition has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since last week."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with dementia in the UK has fallen by more than a fifth since the early 1990s, new research suggests."
"\"We have been in contact with the manager and he will make a decision on the players tomorrow,\" he said."
"It's a good way to start the year and I'm looking forward to getting back into the team."
"\"I think the biggest thing that's happened is that I've been in the position where I'm in the situation where I can't do anything,\" he said."
"The company said it would continue to monitor the situation and would \"consider \"the impact on its business, which it said was \"extremely limited \"by the new regulations."
"The company said it was \"pleased \"to hear the company was looking to raise a $ 1. 2 billion round of funding."
"It's been a long time, but I'm still very happy to be here and to have a chance to be a part of something that I think is really important to me."
"But the first thing I did was to put on a uniform, and then I went to work and I was told to go back to the office."
"\"I don't know if it was a mistake or not, but I'm not going to say that,\" she said."
"We're going to have to look at that, but I'm not going to be sitting here saying that."
"The two sides have been in contact since the start of the year, with the first meeting taking place in September."
"The company said it was working with local authorities to identify the people who were responsible and would take any appropriate action."
"The latest poll shows Clinton leading Trump by seven points among likely voters, but the race is still in the race."
"\"I would like to see a level playing field and I would also like to see a level playing field for the NHS,\" he said."
"The new study found that people who were on the drug for at least three months were more likely to die from the disease than those who were not."
"The 28- year- old has been in the side since the end of the season and has been a key figure in the side's success."
"But in the end, we're going to be able to work together to get things done, and that's what we're going to do."
"The country's top- ranked economy is expected to be the fastest- growing in the world, according to the World Bank."
"The U. S. Justice Department said it was investigating the case and that it had filed a civil rights complaint."
"The statement said the man was arrested and taken to a police station for questioning, but no further details were immediately available."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 1 percent in the past year, but they are up more than 60 percent since the company announced the plans."
"\"I've got a lot of people that are going to be in my corner,\" he said in a phone interview."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 30 percent since the election, and its stock has fallen by more than 30 percent in the past year."
"It's a very difficult game and we have to try to get the ball in the right place and I'm sure we will."
"The man, who is believed to be aged in his 20s, was arrested in connection with the incident and was released on bail."
"The United States is a key ally of the Philippines, and the Philippines is a key partner in the U. S.- led anti- terrorism operation."
"The US has been a key ally of the Assad regime in the fight against the Islamic State (IS) group."
"In the last few years, we've been able to have a conversation about the future of the world and the future of our people."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, \"because we're not going to have a good relationship with the other countries."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that in the next few years,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department has said that the U. S. is committed to \"a safe and secure \"Syria."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we're going to have to go through a process of changing the system,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to have a really good year,\" she said, adding that the economy is \"very strong \"and \"very strong \"in the United States."
"I know I'm not the only one who has done this, but it's important to remember that it's not just the women who are being abused."
"\"It's a great feeling to have the opportunity to play in front of your home crowd,\" he said."
"\"I think that's what we're going to see, and I think we're going to see a lot of good things happen,\" he said."
"In the last few months, I've been trying to figure out how to make it work and it's been really difficult."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get a couple of guys that are comfortable and have a good shot at being here,\" he said."
"But the way he played the game, it was a very good way to play, and I think he's a very good player."
"\"It's very hard to see how we can get the support that we need,\" he said."
"The first one, which was a really good performance, was the first time I was able to do it in a match."
"The company's share price has risen more than 20 percent in the past year and is now worth more than $ 3 billion."
"But when he was asked about the issue, he said he was \"not sure \"if he would be able to win the nomination."
"\"I think it's important to have a positive attitude towards the environment, especially in the winter,\" he said."
"The fact that the two sides have a clear agenda is a good thing, and it will only get better."
"The UK will be a member of the European Union for the next five years, but will not be part of the single market until the end of the decade."
