"But I'm sure they feel a bit bad because we've got some very good players in front of us."
"It is thought that staff spent up to \u00a3 800 a week on holidays to the city and were paid by the Labour Party."
"However, if an order is held against someone for carrying out an attack, it is unlikely the person is to be sentenced."
"It doesn't matter if you want to have an expensive car or a cheap apartment, in this case you have to pay for it."
"\"I want to make a very strong statement about the fact that we will continue to work together to defeat terror,\" he said in an interview."
"This is a major lift for business, since you need a minimum of 80 per cent of your staff to be paid."
"But he had to go into surgery in mid- January, and had been out of action since, due to a lack of fitness."
"The pair also said they were \"very confident \"as to their stance on a UK exit from the European Union."
"He also told the BBC that Trump would likely support \"any person \"who had said anything negative about him."
"I just think it's important to get a good result every game and make sure you have a chance to win."
"By 2020, the government wants to double this amount, and if it doesn't meet this, the first is used to invest in infrastructure."
"His actions were seen as the responsibility of a member of his own party who had been appointed by his party leader, the Conservative party, to lead the inquiry."
"At the same time, it's very hard for Republicans in New York to understand why Clinton is not doing as well as she was before."
"While the number of refugees crossing the Mediterranean Sea this year is expected to jump to one million by the end of this year, at least 150, 000 people have already crossed the Mediterranean this year."
"So in this election year, we will start with a clear goal to take care of working families and stop spending federal money that's too often gone on too little."
"With no indication that Trump plans to turn the game around this week, that's a win for the American people."
"I guess we've come to the point where we have to be very specific about what we do."
"The watchdog will launch a national review into the state of the labour market in July 2017 and if all goes to plan in June 2018, the first of four- month reviews."
"\"I don't understand it's a crime to do what we're doing,\" he said."
"I said let's work on a schedule, which I did, and just not work too much together."
"If you're the only woman in a team, you have to look like a man who has made millions and is in power."
"So I want to get the games in the right places and put in the right effort for the team."
"The senior scientists who are supported by the government have been in contact with the government to develop a way of taking the carbon savings from oil and gas."
"The company had already announced plans to put its headquarters in Virginia, but President Barack Obama's speech didn't give any details on where it might go, the city said."
"It's been a hard road but I'm happy to have found my path and to be playing this series again and hopefully I can get a lot out of this season."
"As a result, he will still be able to have an impact on who gets to play in the squad, whether it is a captain or a striker."
"It was such an easy decision to follow- I think it's pretty clear the last couple of years of my life have been really tough."
"She has told friends and family she has \"no idea \"what is happening, and said she was \"very worried \"about the death."
"We have been working on the game plan since that first night of training camp, so we can move forward."
"And those who were single then gained more than 40% of their lifetime earnings from the single parent market."
"The Scottish Labour leader added: \"I agree with the Prime Minister's call for more spending on public services."
"Clinton also was very clear in her proposal that she would not seek the party's nomination and her spokeswoman went on to state that she doesn't support it."
"\"I'm delighted to be a part of the Raiders squad and I'm looking forward to training with them again in December,\" he said."
"This time, in two separate ways, it is more of a mixed bag for him: He sees much potential in being a Trump- favorite, and he likes the idea of winning."
"We have said that the government must do something about the fact that the net result is fewer and fewer people being able to be in work and getting a pension."
"I'm going to keep going- it's just a matter of my own luck, and he's out there in a race."
"\"We're constantly looking for better deals, we're always looking for more and more technology deals,\" he said."
"No one knew he was in there, but I was close to him, and I was just told he was in there, and I had to come because the team was about to go."
"She took two years off work after that, but ultimately decided to continue working full time with her husband, a political science professor."
"The campaign claims that the sale will boost the U. S. economy by creating 3. 7 million new jobs."
"Many have joined the movement for Palestinian self- determination, including an 18- year old refugee from Syria who was killed by Israeli forces."
"If we want to get ahead of the game and finish second we need to be prepared and learn from it and take advantage of what the opposition is capable of doing."
"We've got to go out and win at home and hopefully we can get back there after the second half."
"So, we've got a game in hand, we know who we are going to play against, and we're just looking forward to the challenge we'll put on Saturday."
"That's why we don't want to force people to look at the world in new and different ways."
"More than 250, 000 women and girls are estimated to be affected, with figures from 2014 showing a number of deaths."
"He said he had just spent a day in the region on holiday and had made the trip to see friends who had made the same trip."
"And even then, you just want to keep your game in line- up for next time."
"He took a 6- year- old out to dinner on Sunday night, and the two are still walking."
"He said that \"fundamental changes \"in the system must be made to make it more \"advanced \"than the current system."
"The reason for this is that life is more complicated, and you need to be smart about how you manage it."
"And so I think in the end, what we're doing now is we're playing better and we're putting more resources into the game, and we're starting to make plays."
"When the song ended, they told her they were \"trying to get it over with \"and that they had a \"good idea \"and that they needed to move."
"The officer's background and access to special forces dogs have led the department and the FBI to develop the most advanced in- house training program in the history of the military."
"The District did not immediately identify a suspect and the suspect was not arrested at the scene."
"In two years, the aid package will now go to Congress for approval in a final vote."
"We're not sure if this is an issue for the drivers, but this is still an issue for us as well."
"It was all completely peaceful tonight and it's just very sad because it would have been all the people around me and it would have been all the people that I would have been around."
"The new trust will be able to choose from an extensive list of UK assets, as well as a list of individuals from whom the assets were acquired."
"\"The test is the job of the president of the United States to determine whether an executive order is appropriate,\" said Smith, who was elected in 2010."
"It's so important for the youth group to have been in the national park and it's a great way to introduce them to nature and its beauty."
"The key to moving this important part of the free trade agreement forward is to act now and take steps to make sure the agreement is a success for all the sectors and businesses involved in the free trade negotiations."
"We should have been more direct about our approach and encouraged more people to come to our offices to meet their clients."
"You may have heard that we were working together on a \"War Games,\" but it turned out that actually we were trying to find a more positive word than \"war."
"\"I don't know if there was a direct connection between the two, and I don't agree with her,\" he said."
"The real question is: how do you win enough delegates to secure those changes so that millions of people who are not voting for Trump get their votes on Election Day?"
"The couple, who recently split, were at their first meeting outside their home and were having an open house together, but the couple soon began getting into the noise."
"\"People have decided to end the 24- hour time zone,\" said the ministry of justice, the news agency reported."
"The bad news is that I'm not playing that well yet in front of the big crowd, that's not my game."
"Trump doesn't appear to have much experience with the art of acting- both in public and on his radio show."
"We're not sure what the other person does with that time ; they have nothing to lose by watching that video."
"But when a student asks me to go on a year- end tour, I just give her a card for the tour."
"I would have loved to be there for him- and I think I have done that with him- and there were some bad things I did, but I didn't do them."
"But I also want to tell you that when I came to the convention in Cleveland to express our support, we made our case to the world."
"The figures show that between 2014 and 2016 there were only eight cases of people with post- pregnancy anxiety that were tested in the UK."
"\"She is a beautiful girl and she is a wonderful mother, so why should she let the public know she has nothing to hide?\"she said."
"However the audience were clearly in for some great food and drink, it's just a shame that we're not in for such a treat."
"\"It's hard for people to tell what's happening in some of the projects we're doing,\" he said."
"Now I'm going to try to show that for real and make it look more real than it was before."
"They found that over the course of a year, the female blood loss was about 1 percent lower in those with a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes than in those with a normal risk."
"She said she was \"confident that the most important thing for me to be able to do is support the party and its members in the way that I've always supported the party and its members in the last five years."
"The final month of 2016 is a long time to wait, especially if you are only enjoying a few of the major events."
"She also said that the new commitment to spend more on the family means the government will not push for more spending on schools."
"But I want to tell you, Mr. Trump, that I would have no problem with anyone who wanted to come to my town hall."
"So now is the time for all of us to move on, not only to our past and to our future, but to our future as well."
"The result of the review is expected to be announced by the Government on May 5, with the first decision coming later this year."
"We have been in the business long enough and we will continue to get it right because the people know what is required."
"Police have released video footage from an incident at the station in the town of Manchester, where the attack took place."
"Now, in March, the service will have about 15 million monthly active users, and will replace Apple's existing number of users in Europe and North America."
"You can't prove to me that someone has been out on bail but I would rather not give a false name to someone."
"In addition, the economic risks facing Scotland's economy are higher than those in the UK, with financial and economic risks adding to the uncertainty, as will the impact on trade with and investment with the EU."
"\"I don't know what was going through my mind- I thought I was dying and the baby was there,\" he said."
"She has added her voice to the call for a return of the \u20ac 10- a- week education system."
"The Supreme Court declined to hear a preliminary appeal of the Justice Department's decision, which is scheduled to go to a lower court."
"It is not right that someone in their 20s who works in the area would be at risk of being taken out."
"But there are thousands of working mothers on my own farm who have reached their full- time minimum wage of $ 15 per hour."
"After the Trump speech, a team of the media and the former Republican president were quick to attack him for his comments."
"\"I like to have some time off now and see if I can get up at the right time,\" he said."
"We think this is something that we're going to have to look at and see if we can bring it up at some point."
"In the U. S., the balance between your own and your employer's contributions is a major consideration when you get to work."
"Many can't even do that because they have difficulty talking or doing everyday activities, so they have to work in secret."
"That means the bill will not make the entire state of Washington's minimum wage or the $ 7. 25 wage, as the federal government did last year."
"As the Republicans turn to their presidential nomination, it would be interesting to see whether they would turn to their vice- presidential candidate to win."
"The actress then asked the driver why he was not telling her what to do and was then shot, according to a statement from the Los Angeles Police Department."
"The Government is only going to take them up on it if they ask what it is that we are doing to protect our environment."
"The new policy is intended to ensure that migrants in the UK who arrive by boat from Calais don't risk having their claim taken away."
"But he added:'It is understood that the matter was finally dealt with and in a very quick manner."
"If you think you are writing a book but really don't know what you are talking about, we would encourage you to write a book."
"Now, as soon as the film has been made I am sure that people will say, that he's the best."
"It was also reported by some medical sources that the injury was on the hand of the horse's right arm."
"The fact that we're playing with the boys as a whole is important and I think we have to do better this week."
"The industry has been a hub for four decades in the UK, with construction jobs from there to Singapore."
"It's a really positive thing to be able to say that you're not feeling the symptoms, that you're feeling normal and healthy and the good news is you are doing well."
"The department plans to spend $ 10 million on improving the drug's delivery system, to reduce the amount it takes out."
"\"This is a completely new campaign, completely new president, and I'm here to say that we will never allow a Donald Trump presidency to be an election about Trump,\" Ryan said at the beginning of his debate."
"\"I don't think they have the right to say they don't want to have sex,\" she said."
"The only thing she was really good at was reading and talking to her friends and her parents, and that was all she was good at."
"The 23- year- old American was reportedly shot in the head at a \"small store \"in north London in the early hours of Monday morning."
"The way I look at it, it doesn't matter if you're 22 or 25, because if you are, you've got to stay fit."
"When you play good football you have to play good, you have to play like a top team, and that's exactly what we're doing."
"Trump had hoped to save his primary race, and he has vowed to vote against the GOP nominee if he becomes president."
"They've become in no rush to take the fight to the enemy because it's hard enough with your hair."
"Since that study was published, the number of cases has been rising, rising but still coming down sharply."
"But it will be easier and easier to find yourself doing that when you're working with a second- generation athlete."
"The Red Cross said some 50 people had been killed in eastern Aleppo in a month of airstrikes carried out by the Russian air force."
"For me, the next step is a lot of things coming together and a lot of teams fighting for the top four."
"The first of several discussions on Thursday evening will focus on how to avoid the second presidential debate in which Donald Trump will face off against Hillary Clinton."
"The European Union says it is open for discussion about the EU's proposals for a single market for the entire UK, but the government has rejected the idea."
"We'll have to see if it's one or two games to get a feel for what it is and see if we can find the run game."
"For me, this is a reminder of what we all have to do: act and make changes, not pull them."
"On the other hand, voters who don't go to the polls in this election year would have to do so in 2016."
"In the primaries in particular, most voters are getting out of the way early to get on the ballot, for a better chance at being elected."
"It's our job to continue to see how this competition works to achieve a goal and to make sure that we do that."
"And with just one ballot in the House and two in the Senate, those Democrats will be the majority in the House and the Senate, and if you're in that position, you could vote for them."
"This has been a long time coming and it's been a long time in the making but we're really excited about the opportunity to play in front of some of the best supporters in the world."
"When you are on stage and you're talking to the audience and you're making it about Trump, you get so many people looking at you and then you end up doing something else."
"The two incidents were said to have occurred in the same location, with the driver of the car travelling east on Little Avenue."
"\"As a parent you have to tell the child the history of the abuse,\" he told the newspaper."
"I can guarantee you there's a lot of talent, and lots of fans, who don't like this team."
"But all of us are working hard, and I know I am in this to be successful, and to make a difference in this moment."
"In a post on the site, Clinton said Trump would cut regulations and that other policy issues would be on the agenda."
"\"It's a lot easier for me to move forward than to settle for something like that,\" he said."
"\"It's only going to get better,\" Trump said, but wasn't willing to discuss how."
"It's why we get all of the arguments about the environment from a range of interests and not just our own."
"\"We are thinking about moving,\" a spokeswoman for the California Department of Public Health told CNN in a telephone interview."
"If we have the momentum going into the off- season, we're going to have a very good team there."
"We wanted to make this film to tell the story of someone who was only 16, and who ended up being forced to leave her life."
"The police chief and the students involved in this case have been placed on leave, but the situation remains under investigation."
"One patient, who does not want to be named, said it was \"really nice \"to have a proper conversation with their doctor."
"The most popular Facebook video from last month was also filmed with her in a Trump rally, according to the Times."
"But the BBC is working to make sure its viewers understand these issues, and they have a voice to decide what it means."
"\"It's not for me to say exactly what's going on, but I've got to say what I can tell you,\" she said."
"A large share of the country's foreign exchange revenue is collected by EU countries, and many of those investments are based on tax revenues, she says."
"He is in charge of the Australian military and we believe he will step up and do a very, very good job and that is one of the things he will do."
"But he'll still need a full recovery from his knee injury before he can turn his football in the right direction."
"I know they won't be able to keep the children from their time away from my own family, but I'm going to have to be on my guard for this to happen."
"\"I would have said that in the past he'd never have done it,\" he says, \"but it was the right thing to do."
"He said: \"If I were to write that sentence in my head, I would have thought my wife would have been about to walk into the room and told her to get up."
"Just because the money is there doesn't mean it has to remain there, or to be used to help."
"\"I would like to see him serve under the same conditions as he was under for much of the last two years,\" he told Reuters."
"The couple were last seen having sex in a hotel room in New York City last December, but authorities are still investigating the circumstances of their deaths."
"What I do know is that it's the opposite of the usual view of what it is we want."
"He said he didn't know where the money was and that he hadn't met the fund- raising deadline."
"So, if you don't see it and you don't know how to put it on screen, then you don't know how to read it."
"We think that's great and you shouldn't take that for granted and the doctors will see that."
"A former London mayor who used to be in the cabinet of the Labour Party has died aged 92, it was announced today."
"The board has been provided with the documents, which are in turn public- demand- record form, and they have written to the British authorities."
"So now, it's really the responsibility of the state to get people back into work so they can continue to get a good education."
"In what has become a symbol of the country's struggling economy, banks have become more exposed to tax- free savings accounts."
"\"He is a man of honor, and that was something I wanted to be able to show that I can do the things that I'm good at,\" she said."
"But when I saw that his name was on the protest list, it was a surprise to me."
"It is true that if you don't try, you won't win an Olympic gold medal, but you're going to get all the love in the world."
"They would meet at the White House in March and begin work on the department's environmental plan for the next two years."
"The latest figures show that compared to the year- on- year average, the construction sector's profit growth has dropped by 9. 8 per cent, to 5. 9 per cent."
"This is the first time since he joined the committee that the member of the public can be heard by a court."
"While it's too early to say how the fund will operate, investors may start to expect a further increase in 2017."
"\"I can see it in the way they're just playing and I can understand it's just their type of game,\" he added."
"The actress, who had previously released a film called Where'd I Go, also made headlines with her new film, which was filmed in Rome."
"He said: \"I'm an old man who was the grandfather of the pub and if there's a good owner in there and there's nothing else, you'd have a big family."
"If there's a four- or five- on- four where we're going to score goals, we're going to score goals."
"We have been in talks with the government and I will meet them at the end of this week in the parliament and at the beginning of next week."
"The evidence before the jury is that Mr Watson did not come into the country legally, nor enter the country legally when he was detained."
"There's the part of the identity that we have where we want to have a strong family and that's the most common part of the refugee story."
"One of those issues is what's in the White House?"
"I would have thought that every player would be using a physical approach, and that is what they do."
"No significant changes to Australian public transport are planned, and officials are saying their priority is to keep our roads safe for everyone."
"The rise of conservative Republicans to power in California's November elections has been an electoral challenge to the state's GOP establishment, with a presidential candidate already on the ballot."
"You can be told, if you've done something wrong, that's a penalty and you have to go to the manager."
"The plans came into effect on April 1, when the government will introduce a three- year, 3 million- euro plan to boost the economy."
"A local resident said he was walking his dog when a group of men came up to him and demanded money."
"He's always up there looking for them and it's tough because he's got a big team of boys and a lot of the time he doesn't say a word."
"\"We're going to have to look at this closely in order to find a way to give a federal government agency in this region of Arizona the funding that we need to do this,\" he said."
"But, despite the big changes that the party and the system have made to our state, we still have too many of these victims, too many of which we can't turn to."
"An air ambulance is on its way to the scene but no one was injured in the crash, the Metropolitan Police Service said."
"The Republican presidential candidates'campaign spending, however, has been subject to limits related to expenses as well, according to campaign aides."
"The good news is that we know what we want from our players and we're not going to take anything for granted."
"\"When they are sitting down in the office, you can hear these calls, and it makes you wonder why the police aren't going to do anything about it,\" he said."
"It's very much the landscape and the open space and the river and the high mountains which would have been nice for a game to go there."
"I just said this morning that I would have never thought I'd be doing this- or that I'd have taken that to the next level."
"It's the first game I've played at home, it's been fun, it's been an amazing experience."
"He also made it clear that \"a substantial part of the electorate is also looking to the party leader,\" the source said."
"The appeal was agreed to, but after months of fighting and court action, the family decided to take matters into their own hands."
"I think that they need to figure out, to be honest, where to draw the line between what we might see as absolutely essential services and what is required."
"\"It's important that we don't forget about people who have died fighting against us,\" he said."
"He was one of the only people I knew who had a real vision about what the future would hold, and that vision would be what was going to happen."
"\"We've seen this play out in every other economy in this country, and it's happening all over,\" he said."
"In terms of what is going on, they are working on that and trying to get together with the government and try to figure out what the case is."
"Even if you can't look, there is something else in your front yard, something you just can't see."
"If you are thinking about moving, it is possible that your home will get torn down and you might have no idea how much damage you will be dealing with."
"When it comes to foreign policy, the former Secretary of State has been on the far left of the Democratic Party for years."
"\"This will require people to come to Britain first,\" he said at a press conference in Berlin, where he has been staying."
"More than half of all comments received on Facebook by people who responded to the most recent post were either positive or negative."
"He even told me I'd put my life in danger if I ever had to talk about it."
"He is certainly a player we will look at, whether that is the type of player we want to sign, but we can't comment on that."
"\"It's not like people are writing what they think is the right thing to write, and they're writing it out for themselves,\" he said."
"'I would like to thank the charity and the supporters of the school, the parents, the staff and the teachers for their support, they have gone so far for this little boy."
"She said:'I am a 39- year- old woman who has never voted in a presidential election."
"The phone, which had a capacity of only 500, 000, was seized by police after the two people allegedly responsible for recording the first episode were arrested."
"A lot of what was expected of him was not taken, and there was no change in his attitude or behaviour."
"The comments, as reported by the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal, come as the Department of Justice continues to struggle with allegations of widespread voter fraud."
"He was not charged and was not looking to do more than come up with a defence, but did feel he could be put to death."
"The second time round he is unlikely to be a threat- the last time we spoke he was far more effective than I've seen in my career."
"But the group acknowledged that more work needs to be done to improve relations with governments, businesses and labor unions, both of which have long complained about the lack of job security in China."
"It could have been any of the things he could have done to help the program, or his friends who had to fight."
"\"It will give a good idea of what it's like to be part of the team,\" he said."
"But I was never one of those people who told me my life would be better if I could just drop it."
"As a result of the order, police and the prime minister are meeting next week to decide on a new counter terrorism plan."
"The woman, whose identity is being protected by the FBI, was trying to reach the man who allegedly attacked her last summer."
"The pressure from the community was overwhelming... it's disappointing we haven't done anything for the boys."
"When I'm about to turn 35, I'll be working on a book about the Olympics and what I will be doing in retirement."
"The Australian should not be allowed to become, or not hold, any more shares in the company's current or former owners."
"And if we don't do something about it, I'm afraid that's not going to happen."
"And, it's something I take for granted, that I don't have to keep doing what I love."
"\"It's very sad to see that (Mr Trump) won't do anything about it,\" she said."
"\"It's clear to me that a small minority of people are actually capable of carrying out a terrorist attack, in the right way,\" he said."
"The most important thing I can say is that no one wants the current government, it's the most important thing that I can say."
"A teenager has been given a life term of between 10 and 18 years, after she died from her injuries at a school in Glasgow."
"\"You can't go on until you have to, and you can't always get back up, but you know you're going to have to,\" he said."
"\"At the end of the day, I've got to do what I can to help the people in their lives,\" he said."
"The rules, which were introduced last month, will be presented at a hearing of the City of Sydney Council on Monday."
"A London school has confirmed it has blocked a Russian- sponsored initiative for pupils to teach the Russian language in their homes."
"When asked about the decline, according to a report by the Government, \"there's a real decline in that \"and MPs are hearing from Jeremy Corbyn."
"I'm sure if someone wants to take a picture with me on their phone I'll do it,\" he said."
"He had two daughters, both aged between 16 and 18, and a son, aged 13, and a daughter and a son, aged 13, and 15."
"We were there for 20 years and I don't know if we ever saw each other again."
"The man's name has not been released, but police have described the man as being in his 20s."
"That's why I'm not going to make a big deal out of it at the moment."
"The protesters took to the streets on the evening of April 19, demanding a fair trial in the \"toxic \"state."
"In London's E & P, we've seen a 4. 2 per cent rise in orders."
"It has taken us almost a year to complete the project, and we hope to be able to finish by 2018, when the battery will be available to start production."
"They said you can't make a car with oil because of the air pressure and it's hard to keep your eyes clean."
"\"We are concerned for those patients who are in the airport and the long waiting list for treatment at the hospital,\" she said."
"The former governor of Massachusetts added that he believes his wife is a good role model for the younger generation."
"So we got a beautiful outdoor night, and then we thought we would spend it just hanging out on the beach, a bit different."
"The company is expected to announce early next year a new tax measure that would take into account a specific number of people's contributions."
"The Scottish Tory MP John Lewis said it was the right thing for Scotland to do but he backed Mr Cameron to keep the country in the single market."
"The service was first rolled out in Canada in 2015 and has since made more than 100, 000 trips across Canada, with about 4, 600 of them in the U. S."
"When I was at Chelsea, we were taking one game at a time and my contact with the manager was that the match was over."
"The college is in a financial position, but my parents will live on it for the rest of my life, and I won't have any money left."
"The retailer said it expects to cut its profit forecast for the second half of the year to $ 1. 1- billion."
"\"To me, it doesn't feel like it's something that I can just get on the field,\" Smith said."
"This is the first time that a race with such a big name has been shown to be winning."
"More than 15, 000 people have been arrested for criminal offences and around 11, 500 people have been charged with a range of offences, including assault with intent to kill and murder."
"The strike will be the first in a series of planned strikes in the state since the resignation of Democratic National Committee chair and chairman Tom Perez in April."
"\"They're not doing it and they're not going to give us time to figure it out,\" he said."
"The longest single- day wait in recent years is no longer even considered a reasonable option ; even a few days would be too long."
"The record high of $ 5. 6 billion in interest payments on July 13 was widely reported, following speculation over the weekend that the Fed would raise rates in August."
"The French people want their country to succeed and in the coming years, we will have a system that works for them."
"For an image of what a great athlete looks like, this is the same as the way I look my whole life."
"One thing he missed was a meeting with his wife to discuss their daughters and what a special day it was."
"It's not a pretty sight, but I don't really see much of it in my mind when I think about it."
"The strikes took place in response to the vote on Tuesday of a local election to ban people from running for office in the capital."
"\"If you want the soul of a country back you have to stay in the big old country,\" he said."
"The men's team failed to set a personal high and were knocked out of the World Cup by Colombia in the quarter- finals."
"\"I've made a point of saying that I'm going to be there at the end of the season and hopefully get a job on the ground before the end of the season,\" Jones said."
"He's always in that position to bring something to the table and he's done that a couple of times in the past."
"The report says that the number of deaths, including the death of six civilians, increased significantly in 2015 compared with 2012."
"The fire started in an apartment about a mile from the school and spread to more than 1, 000 square feet, the district said."
"A new system can be established to ensure that EU migrants are given the right to move across the Channel to Scotland if they wish."
"\"I just thought it was cool for me to do it because I don't think there's anyone else who's as competitive or as talented as me,\" she said."
"A new poll from the Washington Post and NBC News says that 55 percent of Americans believe that Americans should wait at least an extra hour after a person falls ill to die in hospital."
"The plan is to move up to 1, 000 jobs from teaching to finance and building to develop and prepare the courses in order to teach to the next generation."
"\"A couple of weeks ago I came out and felt like I was the person I was supposed to be,\" she told the Guardian."
"In the NFL, it's tough to say a thing about a player's future, but when things start looking the way they are, there's a lot of that."
"The case is being led by the Center for Public Justice, a non- government, non- profit, non- government law firm."
"The movie will also be released in more than a dozen countries on Thursday and Friday, bringing total box office revenue to $ 8. 5 billion."
"A police spokeswoman told CNN the case was still under investigation and declined to say how long the officer had been on the force."
"In their first public remarks since the election, President- elect Donald Trump had already announced a proposal to increase funding for the military's medical training."
"Last year, we did have to do the whole Senate roll call, because the president, Hillary Clinton, gave us that opportunity."
"The participants were asked whether they'd already been involved in the criminal justice system, and if they had done so as a result of that."
"It's a lot of words for a lot of people in my position, but I believe that it's best for everybody to use those words when they talk about women's issues."
"\"I think we are in a good spot today, especially in relation to our business environment,\" he said."
"I was going to come out for [ a ] tennis match, and if it wasn't good enough, you could show up for my appearance."
"It means we have access to the internet, some basic information, and access to education and health care, but at the same time it does not allow us to access the internet or the internet, it does not allow us to be part of"
"Her parents, who still live in New York, will be unable to attend the ceremony, the sources said."
"Despite the problems, the mayor said the city will be \"great again \"and is committed \"to improving public safety."
"One man told Reuters the so- called drone was meant to capture video of a gathering of people, but not anyone."
"People are starting to get that message about a lack of direction and that makes them more likely to support or to show support for the candidate."
"For many, though, the story of their childhood as children is far more complex than that of their parents."
"I think people have been saying for a long time that the economy is suffering, and that's because of the financial crisis, and that's why you're in this situation."
"The most important thing is to be able to tell all your friends what you want, so that the better choice is likely to be taken by your friends, not your husband, at all."
"He's not one of those players who makes a mistake, but he's got to learn that when he gets into the game."
"We want people to keep an eye on the changes to be made in a quarter of a century, and I'm sure we'll see that as we continue to grow."
"I can tell that the woman and the baby are getting ready to give birth on the third day of the pregnancy."
"If I could get him a bit more in the coming weeks, we'd probably have a lot more of the ball than we are now."
"The unemployment rate, which is the difference between the wages of those working and those looking for work, has fallen from 5. 8 per cent in June to 4. 9 per cent in July."
"She had come up with the idea of trying to teach the boy that he was blind when he was young and that he would never learn the same."
"\"They're going to continue to have to grow their industry, to grow their industry, and I think that's going to be tough,\" she said."
"The move is not as big a deal as when it first hit the news in 2013, when over \u00a3 70 million was raised in the public interest."
"A source close to Mr Khan said it was understood the two men had been on the phone for several hours."
"With our research, we can understand what causes obesity, as well as discover how the body makes a difference."
"I have been travelling the country for three years now, going to the film and TV clubs and clubs like that, and they want to get involved in the industry."
"The researchers found no difference in the rate of death with a single year of smoking, which is strongly associated with increased risk of heart disease."
"Of the 43 million people who fled to Turkey during the war, only 6. 6 million returned, according to data from the World Bank."
"I was expecting people in the state to be there to play a part in the process that was going on, but it was a good atmosphere,\" she said."
"We were stuck in there for 15 minutes because we could not get out and there were a lot of the best people on the floor."
"We don't know whether the mayor will run in the Republican primary next month, or whether he will be the nominee."
"A witness to the operation told the hearing she believed her husband had left the property after the incident and walked out on his own."
"In 2014, the Syrian opposition launched its own attack on the Pentagon, killing a number of U. S. personnel."
"The action was the latest in a series of alleged torture and abuse allegations made against the head of the country's security services."
"That's because such states with the lowest overall health care costs and the largest increases in overall education and health spending are California, New Jersey, and New York."
"It means an apartment can be bought as long as it's in good condition and is in good state of repair."
"But it doesn't have to be all bad, and maybe there are some things we can change in the future."
"All you have to do is buy a hotel room, buy a food, make a dinner and go home."
"\"He'll be quite possibly one of the top 30 players in the world in years to come,\" he says."
"The company's latest full- year results, which come just a few months ahead of analysts \"expectations, appear to show that it has turned a profit."
"If it's not, the public is just going to have to wait and see what comes in."
"If you look at the bottom line for the industry, the average rate of change for innovation is roughly 15% each year."
"The video shows the door to the U. S. embassy opening, but the main window is not closed."
"The Dutch website for the Dutch Parliament is hosting a debate on the fate of the European Union and on the future of the country's largest trading relationship with the United Kingdom."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police told the Independent:'Our officers are working closely with the community to identify those involved and support them."
"But we do have to do more in terms of the capital we produce so we have a much better chance of doing that."
"We had people in the audience, and it was really nice to see the show go on, because it was our last chance to win."
"It also sets a high bar for the industry, which has estimated that it costs between $ 60 million and $ 130 million to develop and operate a fully commercial system."
"But after the season they've started to progress and that was the biggest thing for me coming back."
"The attorney general is not yet ruling on the constitutionality of the ban but he is expected to make a decision on whether to appeal."
"For now, we are aware that the parties have set up a separate inquiry and our thoughts are with their families."
"The review is likely to be much longer and involve a number of significant changes, and many of these will not be well received by the court."
"Now you know why we are fighting for it: because we need to be able to show you what is in it, because we need to know what it is for the history books."
"\"He's been out of the league a while now and I don't think he's going to see too much of this weekend,\" said Hughes."
"It was up a little bit in the third, but after that it was all about being a bit more aggressive, a bit more confident."
"A full consultation on the plan is due to be held by the end of this year, with the final consultation due to be completed by 2017."
"And that's part of the problem, because there is no clear path forward when you look at our society,\" he said."
"When you're a professional and you think you're going to make $ 12 million by the end of this season, what kind of life can you expect?"
"It is unclear whether this will have any impact on the UK's ability to apply for the EU's regulation."
"However, it is not clear what role Britain might play in the outcome of the referendum, which might be triggered by the UK vote to leave the EU."
"I'm really looking forward to making my contributions, and I'm looking forward to getting my chance to play for Scotland, and to be on the field."
"We don't know who is going to come up, what time and where they are, but we don't have to panic."
"The officials said a deadline to request more information from the military was extended, and a senior U. S. military official said the allegations were not true."
"We have a lot of tools to do our research in China, and to move from one kind of country to another, and we're going to need those tools."
"It's good that this is the end of the story, but I will get back to the main issues in a second."
"\"The students are really excited because they see that the school is now a success,\" he said."
"\"What I'm trying to do is create an environment where it's easier for women to talk about their health and the things they do, because they're interested in these issues,\" she said."
"We have no choice but to be aware that things will change in our country if Donald Trump is the nominee,\" he said."
"\"That's why they say the water is so safe for us, because we use it as a source of clean drinking water,\" he said."
"His parents, a successful Hollywood actress and a fellow actor, felt strongly about not letting him be his own man."
"And then you don't have to remember that you are a member of the club, you just have to do it'cause it won't be easy."
"I haven't won that big in my career, but I know I'll do that again at some point."
"He was a former teacher and community services officer with 13 years experience working in construction and infrastructure development."
"I don't think we can answer that question now, but I believe that if we are going to have any success in this business, we must be in the right."
"In my normal world, I would take care of myself, but I don't think we should do that."
"It is a way of describing your life for the first time but you are also seeking out answers about the nature of the environment you live in."
"He was released three days later from jail, and authorities released him this month without the possibility of a trial."
"A 63- year- old woman has been killed in a crash in Manchester, a man has been charged with murder and a woman has been arrested in connection with a bombing at a Christmas market in Paris."
"The new chief executive is scheduled to make his first Cabinet announcement in two months, as he heads to Washington for his annual conference in DC."
"There's no question about it, and he would be all for the idea, but what's the point if we don't have a chance to go to bat?"
"Since then, the couple has lost nearly $ 5 million in child support payments and have also lost more than $ 40 million in custody fees."
"Police found a series of weapons and questioned witnesses who said they had seen at least two men shoot at the vehicle."
"Since then, over 20 new projects have been created, with an estimated $ 1. 5 billion invested and total building production estimated to be up to 20, 000."
"It can also get the wrong message out of the wrong person or make a person more likely to commit an act."
"His old home was even more badly damaged when the blast happened in July last year and he was unable to afford the damage."
"He added:'The way they played on the ball was a bit different, but they just put the ball away and controlled the game."
"I think as the Democratic Party takes on Donald Trump, this group will be there for the next eight years."
"It is always difficult to get into a pub in Singapore and everyone has their own private areas, but they will always have this unique and unique part of their lives to get into."
"\"I'm sure you're aware that you have to use good judgment when you're dealing with a political situation,\" he said."
"The minimum wage will be $ 10. 10 an hour in New York, but states including California and Washington allow up to $ 15 an hour for employees in the state's largest cities."
"It's something that I would have thought for sure if I'd been treated with respect."
"\"We are not going to be so rich, because it's not going to be so much interest in our life,\" she said."
"She said it was \"the best thing \"since she first met Trump and he would be the first female president of the United States."
"At the end of the day, I was so tired of being told I couldn't do what I want and that I needed something else."
"For the first time in a year, all but three of the positions on the four- person team are women."
"After meeting with Hamilton in the dressing room, the pair discussed how they might cope with the demands of working on their own projects."
"\"I'm not sure it's a great job, but it's going to be fun,\" he said."
"But I think the most important thing is we are doing things that we hope for and that can make a difference in people's lives."
"On Wednesday, a top defence official said the F- 35 had \"a lot of missiles and weapons in its storage,\" adding that a decision to send the plane out was an initial one."
"As you get older, you need to be able to think about what's important for your child, and have a clear picture of what's important for the future."
"The only thing that I would say is that it's wrong to ask questions about a teenager who is actually 20."
"\"My own personal view is that it's not a choice,\" Mr Trump said, adding that he had not discussed the proposal with Russia's Vladimir Putin."
"With a change in the structure of the company that left no space for leadership or investment, Amazon believes there's no reason to give up on the business."
"It's a big year for us, and with the pressure we've been under, we'll have to be able to put more pressure on ourselves."
"\"I hope this becomes an opportunity for a number of our voters to be heard, to have a debate, to be involved in the process,\" he said."
"Just because we had a great season last year and just to be a part of the good things that come from that was a dream for us."
"This is when all their problems will be thrown into perspective, and they can discover that they can't help themselves."
"We've seen them as a semi- professional team, and for them to do this against us is something special."
"But for us, it's time for the conversation to stop and focus on ourselves and our own ability to make a difference."
"She said: \"I will work with him to identify any possible changes to our planning plans and make sure that the money is spent properly."
"You may have noticed that Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have both been up and down in polls in key states."
"The village was evacuated in June after another resident, who was living in the family home, reported hearing sounds from above."
"She has a child of her own and her life is in danger so I just wanted her to have a proper funeral."
"She said: \"People can't help but to ask me how I have been for the last nine months."
"Most of them didn't know exactly what he was talking about, but some were convinced he was talking about sex."
"Since the start of the Iraq War, US forces have held on to more than 100, 000 Iraqi civilians and made more than 50, 000 US military advisers a part of that effort, according to the Pentagon."
"\"I thought that would have had a bigger impact than that for the club and the fans, but we didn't go into it as a club."
"\"It's been so tough to get there so we're still trying to get there, but I know that we're going to be in a good place,\" he said."
"\"They're not coming back,\" Mr. Ryan said when asked about the deal on Fox News."
"He said the life he wanted in the U. S. wasn't going anywhere- and that he wanted to live in the U. K."
"The debate about whether Britain can actually stay within the EU has been dominated by claims by the left and the right."
"\"It is true that, in the pre- referendum period, the majority of the public expressed confidence that Scotland's economic and financial situation would be better off than it was,\" he said."
"It's been a tough road that we've gone through to get here and a lot of things have come together for us."
"However, the same survey found that two- thirds of registered voters believe Trump would have a positive impact on the country's economy and health."
"It's only when I have had a few moments with them that I realise there are other things I should know."
"She also says she now thinks the United States would be \"better off if we were all more engaged and working together \"to address the issue of climate change."
"So if I'm going to do it, I've got to do it at a better age than when I was playing."
"The other people, the parents- as well as the children- who were in the house were not aware that there were armed people inside."
"\"He has done a great job, and if you watch his progress, there is no doubt that he can be a leader,\" he said."
"And if you're going to take my word for it, you're going to have to be smart about where you're going."
"\"I guess my story is that the police got their hands on me and I'm going to get my life back and that's all I'm really concerned about,\" he said."
"It's always nice to get a look, but we've got to be confident in ourselves, so if we can do that, we'll have a shot."
"The Blues shot 47. 4 percent from the floor and 50. 3 percent from 3- point range in the first quarter, the most of any NBA team."
"I feel like I'm going to be lucky enough that I won't have to go through a lot of the barriers that I've got."
"I believe in our members and I feel that we are working very closely with them in a strong way and in a way that's positive for the community."
"It's been an amazing year for my career, and I'm so grateful for it and what it means to me."
"If the number of targets is more than 10, 000, you can go ahead and play and it'll be great to play for a lot of games."
"It's always the case that the more the better-- that was the case for most of our species, too."
"\"They're coming to the park and they're going to cause a problem and we have to take action,\" he said."
"'At the beginning I had to take care of my children, but I realised that sometimes you need to take care of your family,' she said."
"If I can play through pain and not be ready for a game then I'm ready for the next game."
"\"I'm very proud of the fact that we have made so much progress on some of the most complex issues facing our country,\" he said."
"It's what we all are in this moment, but it's what we've got to do, and we're going to go through the system we have."
"He had just finished a speech to the Australian National University when he fell head over heart and said \"God help us."
"The Foreign Office said in a statement that it was \"committed to helping the people of Libya \"by providing them with food and medical supplies."
"The company said that the weather service and Internet providers had been affected by the weather, but the company had not provided any further details."
"The case is now being closely examined in the courts by lawyers for the families of the victims, who have been seeking to force a sentence of life in prison."
"The 15- year- old knew the film had been criticised and said the way it was being used had caused her stress."
"\"I got my security pass so I was able to go out, because I was playing a player who was in a good position,\" he said."
"The vast majority of its workforce are in the red and we know there's a lot of work to do to get there."
"\"I felt like I had to get my head down and don't talk about my career or my journey,\" he said."
"I just wanted to get it over the line and win the match and hopefully this will encourage more women to give it their all."
"The overall process is very complex and takes between 12- 24 hours, with four to six weeks'development."
"It will all be done in the Middle East, which means it has to come from the West."
"I think he should be very concerned that a party that is going in the right direction would target somebody like that."
"This is also one of the reasons why I thought I'd been so impressed with the restaurant- you don't always get the reviews you'd expect."
"\"He hasn't played, and I have told the club, he'll sit out the World Club Series,\" he said."
"However, he said he was \"very much convinced \"that the current regime would not succeed as long as its leaders are not in office."
"But for the past three years, Turkey has been dealing with thousands of refugees from the Middle East, Africa and North Africa."
"But there's no doubt about the extent to which the UK government's request to hold an inquiry into the past has been met with resistance."
"It is very possible that the little girl would have been less likely to have gone to a treatment facility than the little girl."
"The question is whether that model can work for everyone, or whether only a handful of workers will really need it."
"It's just something that happened to me... and I wanted to get a little more of it, to see what it was like."
"Despite the uncertainty over the world's best- known athletes, including many athletes of color, the debate is the topic of the year."
"More than 1, 100 people have been killed and more than 1. 5 million displaced since the offensive began in late September, according to UN figures."
"This is the first time that any of us will be able to show what we love more than we love ourselves."
"No charges have been filed against him, but he has a criminal record, and police have refused to release it."
"\"It's an enormous honor to be chosen by the United States as one of the world's most powerful nations,\" he said."
"She had no idea, and when I asked her about it, she didn't think I should give her any more detail."
"\"A lot of people were like \"This guy's just done the job he was asked to do,\" \"said Jason Day."
"\"They say you don't have to have a positive attitude, if you just talk,\" he said."
"The idea is to work out how to track the flight numbers, then see what happens when it comes back."
"\"We now know that there were only 100 to 200 dead from the earthquake on 7 August, but only five of them were local residents,\" the city said."
"I couldn't ask for a better opportunity than to be part of a national, football- focused international governing body."
"But a lot of people didn't think they were doing the right thing because they thought their names were being used, like they should."
"Just a month ago the nation's largest bank was on course for its biggest ever loss, which could harm its reputation and pension funds."
"Two reports of multiple attempted suicide bombings and attacks on police stations, police offices and state buildings have been reported so far."
"A man has been charged with the killing of a teenage girl after a man shot him after an argument, police say."
"The cost of living is more expensive than when you arrived, and, in the spring, you're asked to pay more for food than you've been getting."
"Her own family also had to raise more than $ 10 million to save a young son in need of a ride."
"It is time for us to meet the challenge in the future, to be a better team than we are right now."
"According to figures released today, more than 100, 000 migrants have been rescued after turning up in Calais on Monday morning, more than three times as many as last week."
"The band's official Twitter account issued the following statement: \"At the age of 15, my family and I decided to do something special for our love of music."
"The ad, filmed for German TV station TV 4, is seen by a camera behind the wheel of the car."
"So, I say, I don't think I'm alone, that it is an easy decision for anyone to make, in my view, the same choice."
"The junior doctor set up his own emergency fund as a last resort to prevent rising costs and to recover his pension."
"\"I think you have to be positive in your life,\" she said, \"not what you believe and what your parents do."
"So you've got to do what you do best and you've got to play that time and you've got to give the guys an opportunity to be successful."
"On the one hand, it's a big ask for a state to build a public education system that is taking place at an international level."
"A judge ordered the court to keep its current ruling, but it could be weeks before the final decision is in."
"We are fighting for our children, for our children's children, and this country is not about the leader of a single country, the leader of a single country, the leader of a single country."
"And he came away from that, I think, feeling that he wasn't a leader in the Republican Party."
"She said she'd pay \u00a3 15- a- year to take her own children with her to the festival."
"I don't know if I will be able to come here but I feel as if I am at a high level."
"However, when she was given the position at the start of this month, it was determined that she was too old to be appointed as first assistant."
"While overall national unemployment in Europe is down 3. 5 percent, at 25. 4 million a year, many of those who have seen their jobs cut back."
"It would make us believe, in theory, that some part of the tax system is broken or that everybody is really in trouble."
"I don't think the sport is going to be any different in the next couple of years, and I am excited for what it has in store for us."
"By then, the Fed was considering whether to raise rates this year or reduce them until it meets the key election votes by the end of June."
"When I had my life back I was in the gym and walking, doing whatever I could to get better."
"\"We know that all of our clubs have a shared vision of how we should promote our products,\" he said."
"I wanted to find out what the intent of the deal was, but that didn't seem to be the case."
"The team won't be able to identify the victims of the attack, but they are still investigating the circumstances."
"The Vermont senator has so far refused to campaign with his rivals on the ticket of the \"New Democrats \"who will help win the White House on the first day of the campaign."
"But it's still the case that a member of the public would not necessarily want to see him sitting on a railway platform."
"He said:'As soon as he got out, he was very scared, and he was fighting very hard against the soldiers."
"When the city's affordable housing index hit a critical- high in 2011, it made a record- breaking $ 13 billion."
"The New Zealand government has admitted that one of its patients had no evidence that the infection had been spreading in her system."
"But in this case, I had to admit that it took me a while to write, so I was grateful to have the ability to do so."
"The game didn't reach the end zone early enough, and was at times, more or less, forced to make contact with the second goal."
"In May, at a campaign rally in West Virginia, Clinton was asked what she thought of the military, and she responded: \"I am not the president of this country."
"The idea behind the space- saving technology is to give people the ability to see in any way they want."
"\"I'll tell you, there is no great deal of change in my family,\" he said."
"He said he had been trying to keep a quiet face for months because he feared for his family's safety."
"If the world were to suddenly be run like a reality television show, it wouldn't do any good to be true to itself."
"He does not think a vote to leave would be a good outcome for Brexit, as some have argued."
"For now, we're going to have to focus on what we're going to do to build a strong economy and create an economy that works for everyone."
"I'm going to keep putting myself in the positions that I'm in and make sure I do everything right, and that's the way it should be."
"I don't think there was any difference in the success of the project compared to a few other projects."
"In a joint statement, the two countries said they are considering a number of measures to make the region safer."
"He said:'If I'd gone for another, I wouldn't have got the same chance."
"The former prime minister's office said there was \"a long list of individuals and institutions \"who could not be named, as were those associated with the inquiry."
"We had a very good meeting this morning to talk about our future, and we're just starting to get to know each other."
"When I was working as a developer in the 1980s, there was no one in the office who had any idea what he was doing."
"The study authors estimate that one in five women will start using a device early, meaning that it could be years before they do so."
"The 28- year- old, who had been with his girlfriend for a week, died in hospital."
"\"We had a long conversation about it, and it was just one of the things I've wanted to talk about and that I did get back to,\" she said."
"\"We will have a better understanding of what the legal basis for these proposals is,\" he said."
"Even so, a full moon for the start of the new season brings hope for a renewed focus on crime and violence."
"In addition to the Department of Health, the authorities are in charge of much of the city's healthcare- related infrastructure, the Chancellor told MPs."
"If we can't work together, it won't be good for the team and for the game and I don't think it will be good for the league."
"Now, to get the club back to \u00a3 23 million, which has been the club's top priority since it moved from Birmingham to Leicester in 2011, is a huge ask."
"What could be worse: He appears to have become the victim of a personal attack, an act of violence to prove he has been a victim for years."
"We are not arguing about those who are being left out in the cold, or in the middle of the world."
"In what looks like a back and forth, the two countries agreed to extend a permanent military zone in the North Korean city of Pyongyang for up to six months."
"The South Korean couple, who both have children, travelled to Japan to spend Christmas together, the source said."
"What we have seen over the last few weeks in Syria is that the pro- government forces have been driven out of eastern Aleppo and the opposition have been driven back."
"But it is a process that has a great chance of becoming an additional global brand by 2018, and it is not likely to go away any time soon."
"Now he will have to wait until 2018 for the time frame for approval, when it is expected that the spending agreement will be completed."
"He has to take the point- maker out of the game- and then get a team in the semi- finals out of it."
"In a note to customers on Tuesday, Apple said it expected to win all of the hundreds of orders that it had received."
"'I could have done much worse but I'm grateful it's still my baby and I can feel the tears of relief."
"A US senator has reportedly said he will support Brexit and will stay in the EU despite the Government's demands for reform."
"And while the speed of his reaction may help an emergency, that's not to say that is the case when it comes to the first tests."
"The issue will now be examined by the panel when it meets again in early September in the Senate."
"I think it's good that it's the last day of school- when you're in a class of 3, 000 to 5, 000."
"\"I think it's probably more likely that people will have gone out of their way to know the companies,\" she said."
"The club said in a statement:'We are so sorry to hear of the tragic accident which happened on Saturday."
"I think he said we should bring a lot of our products and services to Mexico, not just things for the American market."
"I've been working on that for a long time now and I really don't think it's going to be a part of the rest of my life."
"\"The year was like a dream to me- I just had to get back and fight,\" the young fighter said."
"The seven- year- old, who was rescued in a pool of water, later told Channel Seven's Today program she doesn't feel as if she's dying."
"Of course, we've been at this for years, and what we know is that there's no guarantee that Trump will be elected."
"There is a couple of people who want me to go somewhere I know I can get to where I want to go, but it would be hard."
"Police have said that over half of the problem in Calais is a result of poor health and that over 90% of those who cross the Channel have fallen ill in recent months."
"It will also be relevant, if the process goes to court, to report to the full Cabinet- and ministers- of what actually happens."
"We were planning to go to America, we thought it would be fun to go for a run, but I just couldn't make it work."
"The Army is working with charities and other organisations to help victims and their families and learn more about what happens to women who are raped."
"But he found that the number of patients who did not receive the drugs was only a quarter of those who had been given them."
"We have a number of business opportunities, and we will make sure that we get the right deal for them,\" she said."
"In the end, I think that was the best thing about the show was the way it made me realize that I wasn't alone."
"\"The issue is, we'll continue to take steps to protect all Americans,\" he said."
"We believe that, if a young people's welfare is of such importance to them, it is a major source of criticism, that it is not the best way to help their welfare."
"She told the Today programme: \"In the 90% of cases where there was a potential exposure, the rates of HIV infection were far higher."
"His mother went to work on his behalf and I met his grandfather, who died in the factory about four years ago."
"But it has been difficult for the children and mothers, who are not able to get the help they need to make their families better."
"He said the UK would remain the world's No. 1, and would be the world's No. 500 within the next few years."
"'The reasons I have to worry about the next few months are because I'm going to be going through surgery right now."
"I don't know if we'll be able to play against one of the top teams in the world, but I'm hoping it's a chance to be a part of that."
"But when I looked at his face I felt he was in good hands, and when I looked away he was not."
"The prize money will go to help with maintenance of the Rams'areas, including the training facility, equipment, youth and youth coaching programs, and the NFL's annual Championship Rugby tournament."
"The plane landed at Los Angeles International Airport on Wednesday morning, the airline said in a statement late Wednesday."
"\"I'm not sure, but it's a good thing they've been here,\" she said."
"For example, to reduce the number of people looking for jobs with little income, for instance, employers can create a minimum- wage job."
"\"This has happened before, and I don't know if it will happen again, but I want to be an example,\" he said."
"It is already a member of the United Nations Security Council and is a member of the U. N. Security Council, and we will continue to monitor it,\" he said."
"It comes in the wake of the vote in December to leave the European Union, which saw 54. 2 million people leave the bloc."
"It's a sad story, but as a country we need to take action to keep our children safe."
"I think it's really cool that these guys come to camp so early and put so much work into the game."
"But when I was in prison, I had my own narrative of what I wanted out of life, and I didn't want to stay away from that."
"\"It's always been a question of when and where we might come back,\" he said on Monday."
"But if, by the time they tell us that their patients have severe diseases, they might have just let us down, I would wonder: what have we been missing?"
"There was a time when I was sort of proud that I was born with the power to change the world, or change people."
"Some 51% of voters in the five- way Scottish vote have a level of confidence in the current Scottish government's ability to deliver the things it promises."
"No country should ever have to face the prospect of a Brexit from a member of the EU, in any form or medium."
"This is the lowest price for a new car in the U. S., and Tesla may be on track to post sales growth in the first quarter of next year."
"In the last year or so, I've been hearing from people who have experienced violence and violence seems to go away and they're having a better time."
"The man, who did not want to be named, said: \"There was a guy who had a gun."
"He would make calls to his secretary of state in the White House, he said, adding that the president- elect would also have some discussions with the prime minister of Saudi Arabia."
"It is the first time since 2003 that the U. S. has not ranked ahead of its European peers, a sign of the growing power of Eastern Europe's student body."
"But the ACT government is determined to cut the budget deficit, not fund it, and for many councils that means providing debt relief in- land aid."
"As an adult I get used to things but I also want to be able to see and experience the world through the eyes of the young girl."
"It was still not a good day for Spurs, who drew a match- winning penalty in the second half."
"The restaurant will be the first Chinese restaurant that has opened in the U. S. and will serve a wide variety of Chinese food."
"It's one of those things that when you're young you don't know what it is."
"And even if we didn't get this tax, it could be reduced by half, so they would get the money back."
"The officers didn't stop her until she came back, but they did order her to get on the ground."
"They are very vulnerable in terms of protecting their property and make me think it would be nice to have the protection that the EU provides."
"By comparison, it has seen a record number of applications from the Chinese economy, driven in part by faster economic growth, a rising share of global manufacturing and a global supply- side economy."
"And the company expects to bring the smartphone market to North America by the end of the year, though that may not be at the level it had planned."
"He also suggested that the UK should recognise the leadership of Mr Corbyn's junior Labour MPs who have backed Brexit."
"\"You have no idea how much he has done for you, how much he has done for the people he's hurt,\" Trump said."
"He said the court case was in addition to another case brought by the family of the 29- year- old woman who has been charged in relation to a string of attacks."
"Many people were worried when it happened, especially in early April, that the trains would run and people would get lost."
"\"You have a winner here, the voters here are the same voters who gave us the election in 2012,\" he said."
"\"We have strong leadership, we have people at the top of the leadership team, and we are in a position to move forward,\" Mr. Obama said."
"\"I am very disappointed at the way we played tonight, but we showed the level of character to be able to play well today,\" he said."
"So if you're a Christian you can keep fighting, but you're probably going to die a lot this holiday season."
"Now I know that I am not alone ; there is so much I don't understand about the country, and I am not alone in wanting to discover it."
"If, as has been the case in the past, the banks make a mistake, or people think they made a mistake, they should be made to pay the bill."
"It was only after she had done a full accounting for herself that she realised that the possibility of paying in on the student had been dismissed."
"'I had to use my medical licence and you are now asking how much I will be charged for each time I use it?"
"No- one has been charged or convicted of any of those crimes but they could all be brought to trial within a couple of years."
"If you had three more million square feet in the building, you would get a lot more people."
"\"There are many programs and schools that can help these children succeed at school and provide resources,\" the spokeswoman said in an email."
"That was a huge ask, but it was not too late to meet those people who need help and are just waiting for the next generation."
"The number of children who have come into the UK has dropped from 1. 16 million to 1. 57 million in the last decade."
"More than 700 countries now allow foreign students to study in France, Germany and the Netherlands, despite strong opposition by social conservatives."
"But it's also the first time since the conflict began in March that Turkey has not publicly confirmed its support for Mr. Assad's army."
"The reason that I think that would be so much better is that you cannot go in that direction without having some sort of responsibility."
"If we don't have our guns, we don't have our voice, and we're not going to have a chance."
"I've heard stories of people who have been on the street and they've been fired for doing nothing."
"The movement, which is backed by around 30 civil society organisations, will also discuss how to prevent gay and transgender people using the wrong bathroom."
"On the other hand, they want to get the money out of the ground and into the ground, so they can be more sustainable."
"I'd rather see if I was the one to lose him than risk my safety and gain his attention."
"She is a model, the mother of four, and her son is a professional athlete, but she can't keep it up."
"I'm not sure, we will be in the same position again next year and this would be a huge step up for me."
"It's a tough place to play in and if I don't get beat at home I'll need to return."
"A second woman who had been making visits to the emergency room of a Canberra hospital has died, police said on Sunday."
"Last week, it was revealed the Welsh Government has agreed to pay \u00a3 800, 000 in compensation to victims of sexual abuse in the sport."
"We are far from sure that the referendum will succeed- and that's exactly why we should be very concerned that a vote to leave is being held now."
"They may come out of this, but it's not a case of going back to the past."
"However, some remain concerned that the full EU vote will set a damaging path for the country's remaining membership of the single market."
"I've been looking at the news and how people are responding to the convention to see if there's a real difference."
"As well as having it on the record, we've also made a documentary available to the public."
"\"I would not sit in front of a camera and say that if a parent or teacher asked me to sit down, I'd do it,\" she said."
"And that's why, in this election year, I'd like to stress, this is not a conspiracy theory."
"\"I said to my players we are the best team in Europe and we are going to win the league,\" he said."
"It was only last year that I was diagnosed with a rare form of breast cancer, and so have had two years of therapy."
"The only problem for him is that it was against the old rules, and he's still here today."
"\"There's a lot of lines you can't get through to people who are not a part of the establishment,\" he said."
"It is our job to protect our region, to protect our people, and to help to create jobs, create growth and create jobs."
"The health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, has insisted that this was his personal decision, and insisted his involvement in any decision by Health Secretary had never been about the NHS."
"A new group of self- driving cars are becoming a reality, as the technology is able to drive itself across the road."
"After watching her on Thursday night in the first- round, Trump said on Twitter that he \"didn't even know she had this long hair,\" adding that he hadn't been in contact with her since the debate and didn't know she'd"
"\"We have to be a little bit careful, we are looking at a few games and a couple of league games,\" he said."
"And I'm afraid it's already getting to the point that if a decision is made the Scottish Parliament will have to make that decision."
"And the confidence level rose from 67 per cent in January to 72 per cent in February, the highest level since the survey began in August."
"Police have arrested a man suspected in the deaths of three children in the town as they investigate a child- abuse incident at a school."
"There are two solutions that we would like to hear from them, and that is to introduce a single right to abortion as soon as possible after the birth of a child."
"The new law will apply to anyone aged 16 or older, who has paid their credit card or check balance as of 1 July 2015."
"With a profit margin of about 2. 5 per cent, the company generated more than $ 1 billion in revenue during its current three- year run."
"\"If I'm doing a job, there's a question mark because of the record,\" he said."
"But I'm pretty sure that the world is just going to go on and on about it as we get older."
"The minister said: \"This is not a one- off change to our current system but it is necessary to ensure the public can make informed choices."
"We are all the worse for it, but we do have some savings, and we're going to see a much greater number in retirement."
"And I did not live in a house where I was married and I used to share the home with my family."
"There are also cases where women have had the virus transferred from their own parents to another man's, and it's been reported that they are as happy as they could be."
"The goal, according to the chief executive of the New Hampshire Union Leader, is to get more people to vote."
"But I'm going to keep pushing forward and be able to take care of my body,\" she said."
"Even if the NBA's decision to change its rules is bad, that's the NFL's decision as well."
"At some point during that day, a judge may decide that you've broken the law, but you'll have to pay a fine."
"It's an important part of my game and we're all about developing our own style of play."
"It was unclear what the money was for, but he has pledged to cut the number of soldiers who are paid less than a full salary by 10 per cent over the next five years."
"It was the first time the commission had been pressed to produce evidence that the extremists had carried out the attacks and wanted to kill British troops in Libya."
"If you don't know anything about someone's life you have to start by being yourself."
"There is now a global consensus that if you want to use the Chinese currency, you have to use the euro or euro plus euros."
"\"The first stage was very difficult but I thought in the second stage we were going to get it done,\" he said."
"We've been here before, and we just need to try to get the right result here."
"If you're going to make a big deal about it, go ahead and say, why not?"
"The same groups with the highest numbers of adults working full time were working part time, while those with the lowest numbers of adults working part time were working part time for the first time in a decade."
"This is a personal choice, but it is something that is taking place in other cities in America and in France, as well as other parts of Europe."
"\"I think it's best to say one thing: no one really believes in Donald Trump,\" he said."
"The Welsh Government is calling for an urgent national consultation on the Welsh Government's plans for improving mental health care."
"His mother, who lives in Washington state, told CNN he was shot in the stomach and killed by officers on Tuesday."
"The actress appeared in the documentary alongside other celebrities, including actors Russell Brand and Charlotte Russell, who were also present at the time."
"It is believed that the couple was due to have the child with her in late February but the child died within days of being born."
"But today's analysis shows that the chain has almost 8, 000 employees in Europe- not far off the 1, 000 it has already hired since 2010."
"I don't think it's right, I think it's always bad to use the wrong name for things."
"\"We can do better than that, and I think that it's a great thing,\" Trump said."
"However, it is clear that with a few months to go of the upcoming primary season, the State Government is planning a successful campaign for the go- it- home policy referendum."
"'So there were days when I wasn't comfortable with myself, so I did what any 20- year- old should have done- I took the woman with me, took the cat."
"But some of the facilities are less than ideal, and the winter storm season is hitting the area hard."
"It was a challenge, of course, but I didn't think that the challenge had the ability to overcome itself."
"I think that's what we are going to have to deal with, and I think that's how we'll solve this."
"The Republican front- runner, who has spent most of the campaign saying he's not in the running, won a huge majority of the independent vote."
"\"The chances of a terrorist attack are very low because of the high profile of the bombings,\" he said."
"\"We have an option,\" she told the Commons, as reported by The Independent, \"to allow others to do so, without government consent."
"As for Donald Trump, even in the GOP primaries, I would not have picked him over Ted Cruz in Iowa."
"He added: \"I've been living in a big town and thought I'd never be able to get into this big group."
"In 2014, for example, one in six New York City housing units was affordable, with the highest share of all units affordable in the city."
"For weeks I thought I had to help a friend in my party, but I'm getting a bit too tired to do that."
"A spokesman for the Church of England said: \"We welcome the SNP Government's commitment to build an economy that works for everyone."
"No, it's not that I want to be associated with you, or that I want to be associated with anybody- it just means I want you to have a good life."
"There are things that can and must change over the next 20 years, and we're committed to the education of this young man."
"The extra time required, in my opinion, is a reason for the increased risk of patients being treated within a year."
"\"There's really only one candidate that can win the White House-- and that's Donald J. Trump,\" he said."
"We live in a democracy and we're entitled to be happy with the decisions of the people that decide us, but we have to recognise that, in fact, we can't ever be happy without the people around us."
"As far as the centre- right's reaction is concerned, it was also too far gone to have any real effect."
"These are the moments when you can remember the past, when you can remember the present and the people around you and think \"I would have gone further,\" even though I still do."
"\"We have been in dialogue with the Government and we feel the situation is improving and we are in a position to offer assistance to the people of Perth,\" she said."
"The challenge for Trump, like the challenge for Hillary Clinton, is that voters don't like those candidates the way he likes to like to like to like them."
"The race to the White House was won by Mr Trump with the same strength of the second- place candidate, Hillary Clinton."
"It is very possible that, having only seen the pictures, you can now see what this person looks like."
"The previous Victorian government made plans to make it easier for people to buy health insurance, but this was pushed through without any discussion of the importance of the ACT's large population."
"But it is still something of a mystery whether or not they were able to do that, nor were they able to find her."
"\"The biggest issue for Hillary Clinton, Senator Sanders, and the rest of our party is not that she's not qualified,\" Sanders said."
"She's getting into politics in part because her own party is not interested, in part because her opponent is a billionaire, who wants to end the program and he has no plan to do anything about it."
"The French government has promised to investigate attacks on the sites of French, Russian and Turkish leaders before a vote to be held on Nov."
"\"I think it's nice to get that opportunity and I hope I don't have to put up with the physical pain,\" he said."
"The most important thing for us is that we put our eggs in a hat and come out on top."
"This study suggests there's still more we can do and that's to take some time to see what people are actually buying."
"\"At the end of the day, as long as you're playing good cricket you can always rely on what you're doing,\" he said."
"\"We've really tried to try and establish an identity and to establish our standards of behaviour,\" said her coach."
"It was very hard to wait and then we can actually win the whole game and get back to the group stages and take the group title."
"While the women of India were happy that the country's past did not prove a source of disaster, they were surprised that their friends were not still watching."
"Now, we can see that the social and economic status of those without children in some cases is very different than those without children."
"She had been \"a very active and very good member of my family,\" he said, adding that she had supported him as a father."
"But it would have been difficult to say the end of my career, even with the stuff I'd done."
"The pound has fallen a further 66 per cent against the dollar since the Brexit vote, and a big drop since the result of the U. K. referendum."
"Mr Trump won the support of almost 10 per cent of GOP voters, compared with 11 per cent who backed Marco Rubio in the primary race."
"A 30- year- old woman was injured on the Gold Coast on Sunday and was taken to hospital where she was treated for minor injuries."
"On a more serious note, the news just adds fuel to a fire that's burning up the nation's finances."
"I am personally worried about the fact that the steel industry will need to take even more from Scotland and make an investment in those industries."
"He is hoping to complete the training in time for a proper victory on Sunday night, having performed at training earlier this month."
"The Telegraph revealed the plans at the weekend, where thousands gathered in Westminster for a protest march on the Government's \"general election \"at 5. 45pm."
"She also said the police officer was likely fired because she was being treated at a hospital in Jordan."
"A spokesman for the district attorney's office said Tuesday that the district attorney is not considering charges, and that it was not possible to comment on an ongoing investigation."
"For the past few weeks, he's been on a secret mission to meet with members of the media, and his words have been especially effective."
"It can't be a state- specific accident and I have to be careful not to come up with a word to describe it."
"And the rise of fake news and conspiracy theory in the United States, and related online platforms, is changing the political landscape for the time being."
"I saw him a few days ago, and now I'm looking forward to seeing him a few days from now."
"It was a strange turn of events but, as a woman, I didn't like having it all in the past."
"In another case, the Pentagon said it \"does not discuss the specific cause of the deaths \"of the three Afghan civilians."
"The second reason that we are seeing is that there is a lot of talk about something that was in the past."
"But there are so many other cases of people's genetic risk having been revealed to the public and why aren't those cases being investigated?"
"For the first time in history, a public poll has produced a big majority, but the race for the White House remains highly competitive."
"To be able to do that we need to go from one to the other, but I think the sense is that we can't go all the way down, even if we get there."
"For one thing, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday that the FBI will not release the names of those agents, although it will update them when it has more information."
"But no, they're really making a difference-- they're making the very best of it."
"\"When I see that picture of him, I just can't believe what I saw,\" she says."
"He said the company is developing a smart card that is easy for consumers to use and has been a big help to the banking industry."
"This is a problem we've had for quite a while, but we've got to show our commitment and show a lot of faith."
"I still remember when we were in the ground and everything was so slow, and everything was so quiet, I couldn't get out of my room."
"I think his in- out story was one of a lot of the things we heard and saw in the movie."
"There is nothing that I can really say to prevent him being released, I will not say nothing about that at this time."
"The 1, 600 employees, most of them with a degree, will eventually have to step down or be replaced by a new chief executive."
"\"As much as I want a new set of friends, I'm still struggling with what to do with my time,\" she said."
"In a world where so few people have access to internet and only a handful of affordable homes, this is a big problem."
"Trump's popularity among this group is currently down 50 percent since the election last week, according to a poll of more than 6, 000 likely voters."
"The family urged others to follow the procedure to ensure the state doesn't treat them the same, he said."
"I will be living in the home with my kids and getting to know my wife and children, so it will be a lot easier."
"And more than 60 per cent of them agreed it was essential to keep alive the UK's long- standing commitment to supporting people from all walks of life."
"All the evidence suggests that the housing market is in a steady state, and that buyers are moving towards buildings that offer long- term benefits."
"What this means is that while we want to engage with the Labour Party, we must make it clear what we are supporting and what we will not be backing."
"\"We do have a single family apartment, and I think we've made it work,\" he said."
"In a press release released Wednesday, the Trump campaign said it \"strongly objects \"to a Senate vote to end his transition."
"\"If someone's not involved, or if they don't have the support of family, that's OK,\" he said."
"\"When you look at the scene and you see the damage that's taken, it's not too late for a change of course,\" he said."
"The fund has previously been running for 11 months, meaning that there is no cash flow gap between its two operations."
"His entire offence, it seems, is he takes his target- scoring to the limit at the same time as he takes his opponents score to the limit."
"But it's a fact that those who pay income tax don't have any real savings from the loss, leaving their cash, as they say, as it is."
"If you look at what we are going through right now, I have more than one child."
"One family member said her mother had been worried about the outcome of the accident but hadn't been in or out of the house at the time."
"\"I am obviously going to be doing all this work, so I will see what the mayor calls me,\" he said."
"To think that you're going to have this in your hand at some point in the game is a total disaster."
"He wasn't here for work, but he wanted to try to do something different- he was looking for someone who would try to help people who were struggling, so he started getting job interviews."
"I'm quite good at things that I'm good at, but it didn't feel right to have him go down there."
"But there is a global movement to do something to protect their natural environment from human harm."
"The news was passed on to family members by state television and local media, as well as a lot of news in the press."
"The EU has only broken down its negotiating hand, for now, in hopes of a deal that would see Britain formally outside the 28- nation bloc."
"After a lengthy interview, the campaign's primary voters were able to cross a Trump delegate line and break through a delegate barrier to a candidate of his choosing."
"You know, right now I'm the most confident, the most confident person I've ever been, because I'm not trying to say that."
"\"He gets his chance to do something like that, you know, he's never done that before,\" King said."
"The youngest officer is reported to have already been shot, but will remain in custody until a jury is called."
"\"It was nice to be back home, I'm looking forward to it,\" the club's captain said."
"If you get your end of the deal on Christmas Eve, you can have it at the best price."
"Of course, one of the most important things that you have to do to find love is to let go of your fears."
"If I'm not playing right away I'm in a bit of a state of shock right now, I just don't know how I'm going to do."
"I don't think it's the time or the place to discuss those things, but you need to be careful of the idea of going to the debate."
"There's no telling what could have been done about it because of the state of the park for the location."
"But the overwhelming opinion is that the driver is not responsible and that, therefore, they should be asked to leave the car."
"We are also doing a new feature which will make it easier for people to find, keep and share photos."
"Of course I don't want to start a war with Russia, but I don't think we have any idea where we're going to be in the coming months."
"\"My wife and I are very upset that we didn't hear back from anyone before this new information,\" he said."
"\"If she was going to talk to her dad- who is Hillary Clinton's childhood friend- that's my job,\" she said."
"The Ministry of Justice said that it was \"determined \"that the girls did not have a lawyer and that it was not the right thing to do for them."
"There are a number of factors, including a lack of data and the country's poor track record of getting its way."
"But in the middle of the trip, we spoke by phone and my family members knew exactly where we were going."
"This might happen if she or she feels she is not doing enough to deal with the ongoing trauma of mental health issues."
"He has not taken a drug test, and does not have any links to the drug business, the bank and his ex- girlfriend."
"It's a great time for the board to be involved and this will help the club reach their full potential."
"The figures were the second increase since 2009, after a rise of 7. 8 per cent in January and the lowest since 2011."
"\"We don't want to cut into the North Sea because it's difficult to do,\" he told The Daily Telegraph."
"This is probably one of the most difficult periods for a company, and a company that's been here for so long cannot have anything to do with it."
"She'll be very grateful to the next man in line for the position, who could end up being her husband or a partner."
"\"It's about the results of every single situation we've been involved with, and you don't want to put it into words,\" she said."
"The Giants took a 17- 2 lead on their first possession of the second quarter and they were able to pull away."
"But when he was asked why he had had a daughter, the source said he was very frustrated with what had happened."
"So yes, it's a big change but you don't want to see it that way."
"\"As we speak, no Republican has ever won an election of this magnitude,\" he told reporters."
"It can be tough if you get to that stage where you are able to talk about your last three years in Australia."
"If there's no one in the spotlight, you can probably just ignore the people in the spotlight."
"While a man was arrested for allegedly shooting his partner in the head, another man was charged with the same crime."
"I've worked with all kinds of men, people I know, and my understanding has always been, I work the same way and I think it's a great way to do it."
"One day, in the middle of an office meeting, the conversation turned to race and the presidency."
"It was the closest you've ever come to a nuclear test by a U. S. president, according to a new study."
"My campaign has no plans to leave the EU, nor will I ever be a member of the European Parliament, because we have the best interests of the country at heart."
"He said it had been worth about \u00a3 1, 500 to \u00a3 1, 600 to him, and he could not look after it."
"The book is on sale now, and you can pre- order it at Amazon right now for \u00a3 19, or visit the book's official website."
"The data comes as Google and Facebook have seen their sales decline, with the company posting its third- quarter results in a day and a half."
"The old men took up the duties after the death of his parents, and now they've been forced to stay in their home."
"It's not the only place that I want to stay in Sydney, but we are in the top of our class."
"The former Manchester City player was detained by police at the airport on Friday night and has not been seen since."
"\"The balance of power is the people who are still in office, the people who are still fighting for their freedom,\" he said."
"\"If the government is going to say, \"Let's just show them all the answers,\" then that's a good idea,\" he said."
"And I think there's also a narrative that the Clinton machine wants to build around her."
"The Government should ensure that the impact of trade agreements on domestic and international migration is shared by all EU states and local authorities."
"The United Nations says at least one million people in Libya are still living in camps run by the security forces and which have been destroyed by fierce fighting and have been occupied by the rebels."
"\"I want to make sure that I don't lose my best friend,\" she told the People magazine in October."
"'And then we met up with the president, who told us we were going to his park in Brooklyn, the next day."
"But the BBC's funding model does not guarantee that it will produce a better service."
"They can really come to the table and discuss what we need to do and what the parties are ready to work with, and why we should look at this."
"The latter is a great opportunity to be part of a show that's going to be at the center of a story, a story about politics in America."
"I'm sure that in future we will have people who will have the correct views and the right skills."
"The sisters were arrested for attempted murder and other crimes in February and March, but they had been cleared by the state."
"The two former colleagues decided to press charges against him after the military found him guilty of serious crimes in the July 1995 case."
"And the 16- year- old pleaded not guilty and pleaded guilty to a charge of misconduct in office, according to a local newspaper."
"It was thought to be the first time women had gone into the EU and the only countries to do so before."
"After the final series, many in the Republican Party are expected to hold their nose and say they have no choice but to support Trump."
"I wouldn't want to do this just for my kid, but it's going to help me put myself in position to be a leader."
"They will be allowed to come and work in England but to be able to do so in this day and age is just amazing."
"\"We're proud of the fact that we're a group of people who are just so committed to making America great again,\" Trump said in response to the bomb threat."
"So they say, we have to take a look at what we can do to put all these people to sleep and make sure that everyone's energy level is as high as it needs to be."
"The book will be published in the US on March 1, in Canada, Japan, Australia, Germany, the Netherlands and New Zealand."
"The last couple of years, I've been lucky enough to get a good degree and become a graduate, but I haven't been able to really get the opportunity."
"I've had my share of heart attacks, but, you know, I don't care how many people you have to fight."
"I think it was more the fact that he liked my hair and didn't want to come over again, but I guess it was just because I liked his hair?"
"I'm going to ask for it now to give me the peace of mind that this is not the end of it, that it's just not over."
"It's only a matter of time before other people go and take advantage of those connections and use them."
"The country could also expand its prison budget to $ 15 billion over the next 10 years, the panel said."
"After the primary, many of the many voters who backed Clinton said they did not want to see her fall further behind Sanders in the delegate count."
"I was really looking forward to the next level of our Premier League campaign and for the club to finish off this fantastic season with a win."
"\"I'm having a look at the sale but I'm just looking for a home right now,\" she said."
"\"It's about a community that feels at home, at home in a city,\" he said."
"His son, Sam, now 17, is wanted in connection with the murder of a woman who was found dead on the property."
"I have come to the conclusion that I'm not comfortable talking about these kinds of things with the media, because that's the way I am."
"The authors of the study had hoped to investigate how long some people could maintain a constant stream of fresh water in the same water pool."
"\"That's the big thing: we need a market economy, we need a country that is competitive, and we need a president who is ready to lead,\" he said."
"If there's a community where you live and you have an opinion, but you don't get a vote, then I don't care what anybody thinks."
"Now a new study suggests that drinking could even cause heart disease in a younger age group by preventing it early, at a later stage, the researchers said."
"If it's a mid- to- high- end model, then it's a mid- to- high- end option that you really want to invest in."
"A Reuters poll conducted in the weeks before the vote in Florida found that 47 percent of Americans who are registered to vote said they would cast their votes if the November election were held today."
"The Associated Press reported that the only time Clinton has made a negative comment on the tape has been in a debate on Fox News in September."
"He had also been questioned about a 2005 rape that happened when he was only 18 and his wife was living at home."
"They'll probably have at least a third or fourth striker, although it will be a balance between a striker and a left- back."
"When the police arrived, it was about three or four officers ; she was taken to a hospital where she died a short time later."
"So, for instance, will Muslims vote for Donald Trump, who says we should ban Muslims from entering the United States?"
"I'm just trying to try and make that pop and make that fit in my own skin and hopefully I can just be ready for that next one."
"The scheme allows users to pay in cash or a personal card, or have a credit card which they give to their bank."
"She said that she wouldn't want to leave the country if she was able to travel by bus but wouldn't want to lose her job."
"If he's not here on Monday, you can expect to see another big man out of the club."
"He worked hard for it, and it paid off, he said, and now he's looking forward to trying to play in the World Cup."
"\"There's a reason we got a lot of gold medals in the Olympic Games, and they're no less valuable than most other pieces of gold,\" he said."
"We have to learn from the period and try to go back into the dressing room and not be the one that gets things right."
"\"When you get to the moment, you really want to find out where you're going, because you're too scared to go,\" she said."
"The Queen will not be visiting Germany in the months following the Easter holiday until after she is gone from London on 20 December."
"The research found that people who saw a family doctor- or a specialist- have more health problems and are at greater risk of dying from their health problems."
"\"I'm not sure why you can't move around a lot,\" he said, adding that he and other members of his team had to take their eyes off the road and move as they moved."
"In 2012, the US Treasury budget announced that spending for 2016- 17 would increase from $ 50. 4 million to $ 52. 9 million."
"\"For the first time in a long time we've had two days of critical mass in this area,\" he said."
"They are not going to care about what I say because they know they have done nothing wrong and they know they can change my vote in their favour."
"It's not a huge amount and it's a lot of work, but it's a huge responsibility for a player to get the job done."
"In the interview, Mr. Romney said he believed that Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton would have an easier transition if Mrs. Clinton was elected."
"It's more than a week since police in the town opened fire on a group of people who were preparing to celebrate the Easter holiday."
"It's that, well, I want to say I'm pro- life, but I want to say the same about you and your partner."
"Many of us, especially women, want to be a part of that movement, but to be a part of this movement we are missing out on."
"\"The bottom line is that he'll win by many, many, many votes, and that's because he's going to win,\" Mr. Sanders said."
"But while they do feel connected to their own lives and communities, they won't always have access to the information that they need."
"I have got nothing to sell but he was going to live on the money that was already there."
"If I go to the pub and I don't know what my next drink will be, I don't want to know."
"\"He is such a good and smart guy and I can't believe that he is taking money from people,\" she said."
"But as a female sports fan, I felt that was important to show support and encourage her to play."
"He is a good player, he is a good manager, and this is what they want to do."
"The source said: \"They are very demanding, they are demanding this, but it's an issue which they are keen to get to."
"In November, the United Nations warned that the Zika virus posed a new threat to the United States- and Secretary of State John Kerry pointed out the need for a $ 150 billion package of U. N. and international assistance."
"\"If you don't have a voice... it's going to be difficult to get people to vote,\" he said."
"Since he fled his village, he has lived on a few islands, but has never met someone from his village."
"We're working hard every day and you can't give up your best on the field."
"\"I was going to win the state but I thought I'd win there, and I never thought I'd be in a position to win,\" Trump said."
"\"I'd like to talk about the military challenges facing our country,\" he said, referring to America's close relationship with Russia."
"The University of Texas system, which is expected to report its 2015 budget next week, could be facing some of the same challenges."
"The city has more than doubled the number of people from all ethnic groups, yet it's now one of the most diverse in the country."
"We were pleased with where we ended up, with the treatment we did with the recovery group and with the variety of things we got to do in that part of the game."
"If the European Union was to gain some authority, it would be one to which I don't think we can escape."
"In a speech in New York City on Wednesday, he said the police department's decision to use water at its nearby facilities had resulted in higher crime."
"The more you know about it, the more it becomes obvious that a social network is making you feel like a part of the community."
"A major exchange between senior EU figures and the Russian president is likely to see the introduction of sanctions on Russia in the coming days."
"\"It's the best thing that could have happened, but at the same time, I'm just happy that I got to be a part of it,\" he said."
"A new study shows that children and teenagers have been shown to engage in an online dating app that allows them to have sexual relations with those they know and love."
"'I can't say that it is going to last forever, but I'm just going to focus on what I can do and I think I'm done doing it."
"All of these changes have been extremely hard on the health service, but we will get there in the next couple of years."
"\"It's not easy to say these things that you did not know were coming,\" he says."
"The top five clubs in the world are increasingly going through an active transition phase, with the best clubs moving to the top ten, followed by the rest."
"In the end, a nine- to- five vote in favour of a leave vote means there is a 20 per cent chance that David Cameron will end up in a position where the UK votes to leave."
"\"I'm not a racist, but I don't see that as a guarantee,\" he said."
"With only six days to go in the campaign, Donald Trump has an obvious need to go with a new face."
"According to the Wall Street Journal, speculation in the European Central Bank has pushed the yield on the euro to near zero."
"If the result is not a success it's a risk to the future of the whole industry."
"It's the people we're talking about, and this is our social media, and we need to do something about it."
"\"He said there would be consequences but he said he wouldn't comment on any criminal cases,\" the source said."
"We know that what happens in the interim will affect how long a team plays and how much they will be paid."
"\"If we can take the momentum from this (goal), that means we're well on our way to a victory,\" he said."
"\"I'll tell you what, if you'd taken an hour and half to finish the season, that would've been a far better result,\" he said."
"She said:'My husband has left his house, I was hoping to meet the nurse and to ask about the patient."
"It's going to be a really tough game with the decision- makers but we're hoping to do what we have to do to get that outcome."
"It also promises the full performance of the company's manufacturing operations by the end of 2016, and the half- year commitment."
"The U. S. economy grew by 1. 5 percent in the first quarter, compared with a 1 percent annual rate in the previous quarter."
"The move by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who had been the most prominent Trump opponent in New Hampshire, to seek the Republican nomination in New Hampshire has turned out to have been a mistake."
"It's getting to the point where, if the economy doesn't get good news, it's going to affect the rest of the world."
"Although Kasich and Cruz have generally been in and out of the race, Trump has already lost four of his last five states in the contest to Cruz."
"\"He's really a great person and person, but I thought he didn't have the strength to go after Trump,\" she said."
"Of course, many of them would never have allowed their children to go on the cruise, but those that did did so with \"plenty of joy \"as their names were written."
"We feel like we have a bit of a vision in terms of creating opportunities to get in the playoffs and then seeing how we do that."
"Despite reports from Greece that one of its most senior officials has been killed, Turkey's Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday that the official death toll was 2. 7 people."
"The New Hampshire primary is an important point of difference between the Democratic and Republican candidates, because it is the first and last chance to really take a shot."
"That meant both the 32- year- old, who has just won the competition, and the two players, who will be leading the tournament, were advised to take the money."
"We've been as committed as ever to making New Zealand cricket in the best shape it can be."
"And in those states that did not switch sides, voters were almost three times as likely to pick a third party candidate in the next presidential election."
"Now, while the UK remains a crucial market for the iPhone, Apple is offering an easy way for all consumers to get their hands on the device."
"It is one of the greatest things I have ever done in my whole life to show all of my teammates that I am the best player in the world."
"I went on a family holiday and that was when I knew I was going to be a great actor."
"There are no plans to move, no way of getting close to the grand final to get a win in the capital."
"\"We're a different team and you have to put up points to win games,\" Hamilton said."
"But the Trump transition team is not expected to discuss those differences further until the formal opening of the talks."
"Our only hope is that the government and Labour will come to the table with some solutions to these problems which will make it possible for people to have the skills and skills to run a successful business."
"\"We'll get him a new set of legs, not the old ones, but one set of legs,\" Williams said."
"\"A real life case in point is this,\" Ms. Robinson said, adding that her first steps included getting a phone or two."
"One of the things I think the reason it's so successful is because the balance between the ability to win and the ability to lose is so incredible."
"This is the first time in six years that the Kings have not won a road game in consecutive weeks."
"The support of the parents was a good thing, and we thought about setting up a new family home in the future."
"But once again, the share of white voters who identify as Republicans has declined to 13 percent, the lowest level since 2000."
"A spokesperson for the Office for National Statistics said: \"The number of people living with an active mental illness rose by 24, 000 in 2015, to nearly 34 million people."
"\"I can't remember exactly when I was the last one to join the march and all the evidence,\" he says."
"In this case, the company has paid for the testing that took place, and it is not yet clear whether that testing will be repeated."
"At the end of the day, we should be able to tell the story of a culture that is about winning, or at least about winning some of it."
"And I hope this will allow all citizens to have the confidence to make informed choices about how they live their lives."
"But our goal for the season has been to win our first two games and finish with a good record."
"The authorities had started a civil court process to try the teenagers and were waiting for a decision on whether to send them to prison."
"The 31- year- old actor has won four gold medals for Canada, including the Olympics and the 2004 Commonwealth Games."
"It's just one of those things we've got to remember about women as we grow older."
"That's why I try to keep my weight down, keep the day going, eat right and that's all I can do."
"We need to develop a more progressive electoral culture where candidates are not only given an opportunity to run, but, more often, to take on the Republican candidate in the general election."
"\"I think we should have had another look,\" said Murphy, who says it's now too late to turn back."
"Even if one is not able to stop anyone's dream, there are ways to play with that dream."
"My wife and I will be with her in our kitchen next month and my son will be up with her at some point in the fall."
"The boy had been worried that someone might contact him or them with a suspicious package, but was unable to do so."
"\"It is simply a matter of how we plan to be presented with our options,\" he said."
"The state government is considering legal action and the Health Ministry has already issued a warning to parents and children about how to handle their health in the event of a loss."
"The primary decision- making process must be entirely on the individual's behalf, so that any decisions that are not in the individual's hands can be left to the Government."
"\"They would have made an assessment in that range and we would have got our money back and we would have ended up with some very big savings,\" he said."
"I am not concerned about my role in it, because I have nothing to hide, because I love my body and I love my friends."
"The agency has been preparing for this kind of claim for years, but without the confidence of the American people and with an interest in having a success in the process."
"The reason we have seen so much interest in the film is that it has an element of horror that is very far removed from what we've seen on television."
"By contrast, the Democratic Party needs to find ways to cut its losses, especially in state after state, to show that it can win."
"One- third of Democratic primary voters said they support Clinton, but as of Monday, support was at 58 percent for Sanders, compared to 39 percent for Trump."
"We made a decision, and I'm happy to say that it's the same as it always has been."
"In a nation where only 30% of households have internet access and where more than half of the population lives in cities, the prospect of a baby's death is still a major concern."
"So the way I look at it, it's also about wanting the opportunity and opportunity is what I'm looking for, it's about wanting to get to that stage where I can get to that stage, but also want to work hard,"
"And at a certain point when the hard part is done, it's time to look forward and move forward,\" he said."
"The release comes as Prime Minister Theresa May stands by an agreement which sets out the next steps in negotiations with other EU countries on Brexit."
"\"The substance of the Brexit vote has caused the European Commission to release its final report on the Commission's Brexit strategy,\" said a Commission spokesperson."
"On the other hand, Hillary Clinton is a lifetime Hillary, and her story is an ongoing story- Hillary's life has been deeply personal."
"In the latest Republican presidential debate, Mr. Trump claimed the two of them had been at his son's wedding."
"\"The concept of NATO is to be feared and to be used to support the European states, and a strong European security is very important,\" he said."
"At the moment, the only people we have with us are the guys in black, the ones in the South Carolina state prison and the ones in Illinois."
"After Trump won, she thought she would have an easier time winning in the general election, but she was wrong."
"This is a dangerous industry, we must protect them, and we need to have a clear vision on how to do it."
"He said: \"I understand the risks of this but I would say that this is a very, very important deal for the UK and the UK as a whole."
"So I was just looking for some good, real news,\" he told AFP news agency after the meeting."
"If the service is so important, why haven't they offered one of the most expensive public holidays in British history?"
"We've got the squad and it's not too late to get a deal done and it's going to be fun."
"But I'm hoping it won't be a massive question mark at all over a pre- season cup final."
"Many of the players that we've done in the past, it's just a matter of how they do."
"I've never given up, so I've taken the decision that I have to do everything I can, and that's a decision that should be taken by the end of my term."
"It's a real honour to have been called up and played for the first time by a player who I had never heard of before."
"But the security of Europe will be crucial to Putin's prospects for an election, including the ability to negotiate a trade deal with him."
"The arrest was made in the early hours of Tuesday and Belgian authorities have said they want to speak with him and his wife, who are in Belgium."
"However, if you had a decent heart, it could give you the hope of taking a step back and getting back on your feet."
"This is not a political decision, but the fundamental question of the health of our planet, and how we live."
"I couldn't have asked for a better opportunity to represent Scotland in these type of games and we are going to be really excited about it."
"He had just arrived at the border when he noticed that the other man had taken off his shirt, and he immediately jumped on the fence to stop them."
"As we've seen before, conservatives are beginning to be recognized as a reliable political force, particularly in Republican- dominated states."
"In that interview, he also made clear that he had a friend who had been in contact with him for some time."
"Her request came after a Freedom of Information request, including information on the family, property and credit card details of all three people."
"There's not much about it other than it looks great, and he knows what to do with it."
"We are very grateful for all the support that the board and police have had and we wish them all the very best in their new lives."
"The main difference between the two groups, though, is that the younger ones are spending less money on mobile phones, and the older ones are spending less money online, more often than they do in the United States."
"Most of the research on the subject will be done in the UK, but a number of researchers have also been sent to countries around the world, where they are working to identify the best candidate for use."
"Just about half of all those who applied to leave in April said that they had not done so because they were concerned about the social media trend."
"It's not about wanting a hot weather because you won't get the full range of weather that you want, but really getting the water right for the start."
"His last season came after an initial five years at St. John's where he earned more than \u00a3 150, 000."
"A Russian defense ministry spokeswoman said on Wednesday that it had heard a report that a drone had shot a missile from a strategic missile defense site in the eastern part of Syria."
"No one should feel that they have to settle for nothing, that it doesn't matter who you are, you can still do what you want with your life."
"It was just about meeting with some of the experts who will decide how best to manage the cost of running the site."
"If you think the team can play better when they go out there, then they are going to be competitive."
"Mr. Trump said he would be willing to make the case to voters that he is the candidate who can move the country forward."
"It's also that this week, Clinton and her running mate, Tim Kaine, both speak at rallies to raise awareness of Clinton's record on abortion."
"The week before, I thought I had been interviewed on Channel 4 and couldn't tell you that I was."
"If that looks like a good idea, it's because we are not. So how did you do it?"
"He had been expected to join the party in July but failed to make it to the June 23 leadership election."
"He said the agreement would see the Scottish government \"hand over \u00a3 1 billion of tax revenue \"to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a Brexit."
"She told me that if I wasn't a woman I wouldn't be able to find a job and she would have gone to other places, but it would be fine."
"One of the greatest champions of free speech in public life, Mr Cameron said this was the most open and open debate in his country's history."
