"The government is now looking to the courts to change its position, and the court will likely consider the government's arguments in the coming weeks."
"\"I've got a lot of friends who have been here for a long time and they've been here for a long time,\" he said."
"I think it's going to be a very good experience for them and for us as a team and for the fans."
"The government has also said it will not be taking part in the talks, which have been in the works for more than a year."
"But the new law, which will take effect in January, will not apply to women who are pregnant."
"He said: \"I'm not sure that there's a better way to do it than the traditional route."
"The first is that we are not going to be able to get the right people to come in and do the job."
"\"I think the key is to have a plan that works for everybody, not just the wealthy,\" he said."
"But he said he was \"not in a position to say \"whether he would accept the results of the election."
"The best thing about being a manager is that you get to know the players and know the manager's personality and how he wants to play."
"The group said the first step in the investigation was to look at the DNA evidence, which was found in the car."
"\"I have no doubt that we will see a significant increase in the number of refugees arriving in the coming months,\" he said."
"The new study also shows that the number of people who were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes increased by about 40 percent between 2000 and 2011."
"I was very lucky to have been able to get my first job at the time, and I've been lucky to get a job in the UK."
"The group's first attack was in the early hours of the morning, when they were hit by a truck."
"The company said the number of customers who use the service has dropped by more than 10% since its launch in 2014."
"\"I think the reason I was able to do that is because of the fact that my dad was able to come up with the idea,\" she said."
"The same thing happened with the national debt, which has been growing at a rate of more than 10% a year."
"\"We are not in a position to comment on any of that, but we're looking forward to seeing what the future holds,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state is the only Republican presidential candidate who has yet to announce his or her plans for the general election."
"I think we're going to have a lot of fun playing with the boys and I'm looking forward to it."
"\"I'm not sure how I'd feel about it if it was a one- off,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to do what we can do to help people, and help the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say that I was nervous about it,\" he said."
"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm not going to let him do it."
"I think it's important to understand that what we're doing is not just about the number of people, but the quality of the experience that we're providing."
"The government has not yet announced the date of when the new laws will be introduced, but it has said it will be in the early stages of planning."
"The company is also seeking to reduce costs, and it has been selling off its old plants in the hope that it can sell more of them."
"The first thing you do is ask yourself if you're going to make the most of it."
"But it's not just about the money, it's about the people who are going to be in the White House."
"We have a lot of good players, we have a lot of good players in the squad, so we have to keep the same style."
"The fact that we have a lot of people who are saying they want to help us is a good sign."
"The company has said it will not be able to pay the bill until it is paid back the money it has received."
"It's a great way to get a little bit of time to sit down and talk about your life."
"The first time I went to the doctor I was in shock, I thought I had been raped."
"The new law, which was passed by the parliament on Thursday, is expected to be implemented in the first half of next year."
"It is important that we have the right people in the right places to bring the right message to the people of the country."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the people of the state to know that we're going to do what we can,\" he said."
"The Government's strategy to tackle climate change is to use the money to help create a national electricity network."
"\"I think the main thing is that the police are in a position to do their job,\" he said."
"I don't think that's going to happen, but it's certainly something we've been looking at and have been looking at for a while."
"In the past few days, the two sides have been engaged in a bitter dispute over who should lead the world's largest nuclear weapons program."
"The man was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"The two men are believed to have been arrested in the same area on Wednesday and are currently being questioned by police."
"But it's not the first time a former student has been accused of sexual assault in the past."
"\"I'm not going to say it's not a good idea,\" he said, adding that he would not consider a second referendum."
"We have a good squad, we have a good squad of players who are coming in and we are in a good position to compete."
"The decision to strike the plant was made by the government of the day, and it was a decision that was taken by the people of the country."
"I don't think I would be able to do it if I didn't have a family to support me."
"\"The first time I heard about it, it was a shock,\" said the 29- year- old."
"The other is that, in the context of the U. S. economy, the rate of job growth in the United States is now less than half the rate of the rest of the world."
"He said he was \"happy \"to have a \"new \"president \"in the White House, but added that he was also \"very worried \"about the impact on the economy."
"The report also found that the number of people aged 55 and over who were diagnosed with cancer increased by about 2 per cent between 2001 and 2011."
"The BBC reported that the two men had been in contact with the woman, who was on her way to a friend's house."
"I've got a lot of friends who are going to be here, and I'm not going to be able to go."
"The UN estimates that between 1, 000 and 2, 000 civilians are trapped in rebel- held areas of Aleppo."
"The woman's husband, who was not injured, was taken to hospital with minor injuries and is expected to survive."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide any more funding to the program, which has been running since 2010."
"The company has said it will not be able to provide additional support to the children's school, which is in the process of closing."
"The U. S. Justice Department has opened an investigation into the bank, which has been under scrutiny for more than a year."
"I think the first thing I did was to say to my wife that I'm going to be here for a very long time."
"The EU has said it will take action if Britain leaves, and the government has said it will hold a referendum on the terms of Britain's membership."
"The report also said that in the first quarter of 2016, the number of people using the internet to access news and information increased by 12 per cent."
"He said:'We've had a lot of people come to our house and ask us to help them with their problem."
"The former secretary of state also said that she had \"no doubt \"that the FBI's investigation would be completed by the end of the month."
"It's not just about the quality of the players, it's about the quality of the players, and the quality of the players are not going to change."
"\"I think the more you can tell people, the more they'll be able to see what's going on,\" she said."
"I'm sure he's got a lot of friends that are looking forward to seeing him and he's got a lot of good friends."
"\"We're just going to go out there and play our game and we're going to make sure we make sure we're ready to go,\" he said."
"\"We are looking at a number of options that could be put forward to ensure that the safety of our customers is protected,\" a spokeswoman said."
"The world's largest retailer has said it is planning to close its doors in the UK in a bid to cut costs."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the game, because we are going to be playing for the championship,\" he said."
"It was a great feeling to see the boys come through and play for us and to see them come through and play for us again was a big boost."
"I was in a room with a group of people, and I was in a room with a group of people and I was in a room with a group of people, and I was in a room with a group of people, and I"
"\"I'm a little nervous about the way I'm going to look at the nomination,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to do what we can to keep the country safe,\" he said in a statement."
"\"We're going to work with the states to make sure we're able to get this done,\" he said."
"The next day, he was asked if he was ready to go to the airport and he said yes."
"The bank said it would cut 1, 000 jobs and close a branch in London's financial district for the day, but it said it would not be able to keep the branch open for the rest of the day."
"I think it's a very important thing to do, to help people understand the risks and the benefits of this lifestyle."
"He said: \"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a system where you can't take your kids out of school."
"The project is a partnership between the University of Southern California and the University of Southern California, with the goal of developing a comprehensive online course for students."
"The majority of people who voted for Brexit have a positive view of the UK's EU membership, a new poll has found."
"The city's police chief said Thursday that he's not sure whether the shooting was a hate crime."
"It's a bit like when you're in a car, you're not going to be able to drive it for a week."
"\"It's a long way from the end of the world, but I'm still trying to get back to the best I can,\" he said."
"He said: \"I have had to make the decision to move my family to a new house in the south of England, which is very expensive."
"We're a very good team, we have a lot of good players, and we'll get a lot of good players in the next couple of years."
"\"I think it's going to be very difficult for us to win the game, but we're going to try to play our best,\" he said."
"The study found that people who were more likely to be diagnosed with cancer in the past year were more likely to die in the next year."
"\"We've got a lot of work to do to get to this point,\" he said, \"but I'm happy to be here."
"But I'm not sure that's going to happen in the next few months because it's a very difficult situation to deal with."
"\"I think that's the reason why we've got to get the ball rolling, get the right combination of players and the right coaching staff,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's going to happen, but I know we have to go out there and play the best we can,\" he said."
"He said: \"I don't think it's going to be a problem if we can get a deal done in the next couple of days."
"The result, he said, is that \"the right to a fair trial is at the heart of the United States Supreme Court's decision in the First and Fourteenth cases."
"The company's shares were down 0. 8 per cent at $ 32. 40 on Wednesday after the news."
"But it's not just the people who are being abused- the victims themselves are also being abused- and it is not just the victims themselves who are being abused."
"The company said it would provide a \"good deal \"on its stock price and said it was in discussions with investors."
"But I also think that the American people should be able to decide who they are and what they want, and that's what we're going to do."
"In fact, it's a very different story in the United States, where the federal government has no say in what the president can do with his executive authority."
"He said he was \"just happy \"to be back in the sport after the injury, but that he was still struggling to get fit."
"It's not a good feeling to be in that position, especially when you're a young player and you're playing for a club."
"The Government has said it wants to keep the UK in the single market but says it would not be able to keep the benefits of the free movement."
"The study found that while the majority of people who reported having a mental health problem in the past year were white, the majority of people who reported having a mental health problem in the past year were black."
"The FBI has been conducting a review of the case, which was first reported by The New York Times."
"The company has also made a number of improvements in the past year, including the introduction of a new app that allows customers to book flights in advance."
"The study, which was carried out by the University of Edinburgh, was published in the British Medical Journal."
"The couple had been married for more than a decade and had two children together, according to a statement from the court."
"The latest figures show that the number of people living in poverty in the UK is at its lowest level since records began in the early 1970s."
"The company has been in talks with the US government about a possible sale of its shares, but has not yet been able to secure a deal."
"\"I think the players are very aware of that and I think they're very aware of that they've got to be aggressive,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that we have a very good team and we've got to play the way we can,\" he said."
"I'm not going to give up on him, he's a great player and he's a great leader."
"It's a great way to start your day and I'm sure you'll enjoy it too."
"The Bank of England is expected to hold interest rates steady at around 2 per cent, and to raise rates later this year."
"\"I think the fact that they have a good relationship with the United States, I think it's a good thing for the United States,\" he said."
"I don't know what it is, but I've been in the office for a few years, and I've seen it in action."
"He was the first person to do it in the United States, and he was the first to get the word out about it."
"\"I'm not sure how you can be so confident, but I'm confident,\" he said."
"It's not a question of whether the person is a good person or not, it's just that they're not."
"He was also arrested in the early hours of the morning, and later released on bail, police said."
"But he said he didn't want to talk about the details of the case because it was too sensitive to be released."
"The UK is one of the most important trading partners in the EU- but it is also one of the most important for the UK as a whole."
"But we've got a lot of work to do and it's going to be a tough game, especially with a lot of the big games coming up."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and would not be making any further comment until the government had made its decision."
"It's a great opportunity to be in the Premier League, to play for your club and to get a little bit of exposure."
"We have to do what we can to make sure that we don't lose the games we are playing, and that's just to get the points."
"The agency said the latest data shows that the number of people living in the city has grown from 3. 8 million in 2014 to 6. 1 million in 2015."
"I'm not sure that's going to happen, but I'm sure it will happen and it's going to be a big deal."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI has been investigating Clinton for more than a year, and that she has been under FBI investigation for more than a year."
"\"I was just thinking about how I would feel if I didn't have a job,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and talk to them about what happened."
"The other three are in a position to make the most of it, with the Rams taking advantage of the fact they've got a lot of depth."
"I'm going to be on the court for the first time in my life, and I'm going to be a part of that."
"The former president's office said he had not been to the U. S. in more than 20 years and had not been to the U. K. since he was a teenager."
"The company said it would create more than 40, 000 jobs in the United States and Canada, and another 10, 000 in China and India."
"\"I am very concerned about what's going on with the public trust and the lack of transparency around this issue,\" he said."
"\"I was not aware of any of the other candidates, and I didn't know who they were,\" he said."
"I was really worried that I would be in a position where I wouldn't be able to do my job, because I didn't have a job."
"\"It's a very difficult situation, but I think it's a good thing to have the opportunity to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"\"We have a very strong team, and we're going to be in a very strong position to win the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for this are the people who have been in office for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good idea to go out and play, and I think it's a good idea to play,\" he said."
"It's not a good thing to be in the middle of a fire, but it's a good thing to be in the middle of a fire and have the best fire."
"It's a big deal that a lot of people have come out and said that they're not going to vote for Donald Trump."
"The people of the United States have spoken and I'm proud of what we've achieved and I'm proud of what we're doing."
"The only way to do that is to have a good relationship with the people in charge of the country."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be played in a way that is easy to understand,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I'm not going to take it personally."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it is, but it's a great thing to be able to say that."
"\"I think it's important to remember that it's a very different world than the one we've lived in for a very, very long time,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state is also a strong supporter of the Republican Party's establishment candidate, Donald Trump."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get the right balance between the safety of our passengers and the safety of the aircraft,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that's what the Democratic Party is about,\" he said, adding that he had not yet spoken to Sanders about the issue."
"I've been to a lot of different places, and I've never been in a situation like this."
"The two- year- old has been found dead in a shed in the city centre, and police have not yet confirmed the cause of death."
"The study found that the more than one- third of men and about one- third of women who had been diagnosed with breast cancer had experienced symptoms similar to those seen in the general population."
"The report also said that the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease had fallen by 50 per cent since the outbreak began in April."
"\"I don't think he's going to be the nominee, but I think he's going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"I'm just trying to get out there and see what I can do to help out,\" he said."
"I am not sure that the public will be interested in the story of the two young men who killed their mother."
"We are not a very strong country, but we are a very strong country, and we have to be very strong, and we need to be very strong, and we need to be very strong, and we need to be very strong."
"The problem, he said, is that the country has not yet had the opportunity to use its resources to fix the problem."
"\"I don't think there's a place for that kind of rhetoric,\" he said in an interview."
"\"I think the people who are going to be in the White House for the next four years, I think, will be Hillary Clinton,\" she said."
"\"I don't think there's a place for it in a society that has a lot of people,\" he said."
"But it's important to note that the results of the study were based on the same sample of women who were diagnosed with the disease."
"\"I don't think it is right to have a woman in charge of the affairs of another woman,\" she said."
"I'm not sure that it's going to be the same as it was before the referendum, but I'm sure that it will be different."
"The company said the problem was \"not a major problem \"in the UK but that it was \"not the best place \"to fix it."
"It's not that I'm not into it, but I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not into it."
"The next day, he was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital."
"The family of a man who was killed in a hit- and- run crash in the south of France have spoken of their shock after he was found dead in his flat."
"\"I'm just going to try to get as many as I can,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be ready for the start of the season."
"The results of the study were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, the journal of the American Medical Association."
"In the past, I have been accused of not being in the right place at the right time, but that is not true."
"The city's population has grown by more than 20 percent over the last 20 years, according to the study."
"\"I'm very proud of my record, I'm very proud of the way I played, I'm very proud of the way I played, and I'm very proud of the way I finished,\" he said."
"\"It's not the end of the world, it's not the end of the world, but I think it's the beginning,\" he said."
"The victim's father said:'I'm not sure if he's been in contact with anyone."
"\"The president has said that he will not accept the results of this election unless he wins,\" the statement said."
"It's a very, very long process and I don't think it's going to be easy."
"I've been in this position for a long time and I'm happy to be a part of it."
"I think it's a very good thing that the government is talking about it, and I think it's a very good thing to have that discussion."
"But the question is: how much of a difference does it make to the country's economy?"
"The police said they had been called to a home in the town, but the man was not there and had not been seen since."
"The two men, who are both from the same family, were arrested on suspicion of rape, attempted rape and child sex abuse."
"It's a very difficult thing to do and I have to do it, but I will do it because I want to be in the team."
"The government has made it easier for businesses to invest in renewable energy, but it is not clear how it will do so."
"The US has said it is ready to take back the country's chemical weapons from the regime of Bashar al- Assad."
"The final two days of the campaign were dominated by a debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, and a debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton."
"It's a great way to make a living, but it's also a way to get a job and to get a pension."
"It's a very good thing that we've got a young team that can get to the playoffs, and we're going to try to do that."
"\"I don't want to give up on the game, but I've had a few injuries and I've had a few games where I've had to play,\" he said."
"\"It's just a matter of time, but it's a matter of when,\" he said of the process."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder and are due to appear in court on October 1."
"\"I don't think I've ever seen a better team in my life,\" he said."
"The city's population is expected to increase by about 50, 000 people, to an estimated 7. 5 million."
"I don't think that's a bad thing to do, but it's not a good thing to do if you're not going to have a good time."
"\"We've got a lot of good players in the squad, so it's a good chance to get the best out of them,\" he said."
"But that's not the only way we can make sure that we're making the most of the opportunities we have."
"But when you're in the middle of a crisis, you have to be ready for that, and I think that's what we've done."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to give up on the game, but I'm going to make sure that I'm ready for the next game."
"The United States and Russia have been working together since the beginning of the Syrian civil war, and the United Nations says it is on track for a new agreement."
"The Government is committed to working with all parties to reach a deal which is both fair and sustainable for Scotland."
"It's a great place to be, I love it and I have a lot of friends there, so I'm excited to be there."
"\"I'm sure they will be looking at it, but I don't think it will be a big deal,\" he said."
"\"I think the only thing that's going to change is the way we play,\" he said."
"But the law, which has been in place since 2005, has been criticised by rights groups and campaigners who say it is a key part of the country's legal system."
"We're going to have to see what happens in the next few days, but I'm confident we can get it done."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 24. 50 in after- market trading."
"I'm not sure what's going on with the rest of the team, but I think they're just trying to get back to playing the way they played last year."
"\"We've got to keep the focus on the task at hand, to keep the focus on the right things,\" he said."
"I know that I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it with the right people."
"The latest figures show that the number of people in the UK with a disability has grown by an average of 2. 8 per cent in the past five years."
"The US- led coalition has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State since late last year, but the strikes have been limited in their impact."
"It is also a sign that the government is considering a public consultation on the issue, which would be held on the weekend of the 23 June."
"I have a few things to say about that, but I'm not going to say anything else."
"I know that the people who are in charge of the Scottish government are not going to be able to do anything to stop it from happening."
"\"I'm not sure if it's the right thing to do,\" she said, adding that she did not want to see her husband go through the divorce."
"I'm not sure if it's the first time I've played a game like that, but I'm pretty sure it's the first time I've played a game like that."
"The new law will apply to people who are already married and have two children, but have not been married for at least three years."
"The US State Department said on Thursday that it had received a request for information on the case and that it was working with the Turkish authorities to determine the appropriate steps."
"\"I don't think there's any reason to think that the police would have made any effort to stop it,\" he said."
"The boy's mother, who was also injured in the incident, was rushed to hospital with life- threatening injuries."
"\"I don't think there's a better time to be a father,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of his son."
"\"I've been on the road for a while, but I've never been in a situation where I've been so close to winning,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell nearly 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, their biggest drop since the day before."
"The way he is playing, I think he's got a lot of potential for the next couple of years."
"The company said it expects to be able to generate about $ 4. 6 billion in annual revenue in the fourth quarter."
"The total number of people who have died in the line of duty is now at a record high, up from a record low of 16. 5 per cent in 2014."
"I've been in this position before, but it's the first time in my career I've been in that situation."
"It's been a tough week for the Blues, who have lost three of their last four games, including a 2- 1 win over the Kings on Tuesday."
"The video was posted on Facebook on Friday, and has been viewed more than 3, 000 times in the last 24 hours."
"\"The person who's going to be the next president of the United States is going to have to be somebody who's going to be able to make the case for the policies that he or she wants to pursue,\" she said."
"But the only way to make the most of the opportunity is to play the game the right way and to play the right way every day."
"He's not a big guy, so he's going to have to do a lot of things to get his body back."
"The pair were in the middle of a holiday in the city when the attack occurred, and they were able to escape."
"The results of the study, published in the British Journal of Public Health, show that the use of tobacco products has increased by more than 20 percent in the past decade."
"The United States and its allies, including Saudi Arabia, are pushing back against the Islamic State group, which is backed by Russia, China and other countries."
"The government has said the government will not allow any of the refugees who are in camps to enter the country."
"\"We have to do something to stop it,\" she said, adding that she had already contacted the police and had a plan in place to stop the attack."
"The most important thing is to have a good team, and that's what we're going to do."
"It's a great way to get a feel for the city, and it's an important part of the city's history."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the way we think about the future,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a very important piece of the package for us,\" he said, \"and it's a good one to add to the package."
"The only thing I've got going is the money, but I'm not worried about it."
"The average number of days a week that a woman is in the labor force is 7. 4 days, up from 7. 1 days in 2014."
"The report found that the number of people who used the internet at least twice a week was down by 15 per cent in the past year."
"We have a lot of work to do to improve the quality of the game and we have to do that in the next few games."
"\"It's a really interesting question, because I think the answer to it is that we are not going to have a big, fast- moving global economy,\" he said."
"\"I have been in the industry for more than 20 years and I am sure that I am a very good writer,\" he said."
"The people who live in these areas are the most vulnerable people in the world, and they are the ones that have the most to lose."
"\"I'm not going to be able to sit here and say we're going to do something about it,\" he said."
"The first lady said she was \"very proud \"of the way the president- elect has spoken about the issue."
"\"I think we've got a good team, we've got a good group of guys, and we're going to be a really good team,\" he said."
"\"I was hoping for a more positive outcome, but I've been told that I'll be back in the team,\" he said."
"The first two months of 2016 saw an average of more than $ 1. 5 million in losses, according to the bank."
"But I also think that the fact that we have a new president in the White House, I think, is a positive sign."
"\"I was a little nervous at first, but I was just like \"I don't know what to do,\" \"she said."
"But the government's plan to make the system more efficient was criticised by some economists who said it would not be enough to make the system work."
"The government has said it will not cut the number of public sector jobs that are at risk of being cut, and that the government will not cut the number of public service jobs that are at risk."
"The company's share price has fallen more than a third in the past year, and its shares are down about 2 percent in the past year."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed or injured by guns in the UK rose by more than 20 per cent in the past year."
"The next day, I had a call from the police saying I had been arrested and was being questioned."
"\"I'm very happy with the result, it's not a bad result,\" he said."
"\"It's not something that I'm going to go and change,\" he said, adding that he had not been told by the government that he would be banned from the sport."
"He said: \"We've got a lot of good players and a lot of good supporters, and we've got to be very careful about what we say."
"\"It's a little bit different than what I used to do, but I'm still pretty confident that I can play,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to make sure that we don't have to do that again,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose about 6 percent to $ 7. 35 in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to play again next year,\" he said."
"\"It's a big game, but it's not a big game for us,\" he said."
"The first one I did was in the middle of the night, and I didn't get to see it."
"\"It is not about the price of oil, it is about the quality of the product,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1 percent at $ 35. 56, or 1. 4 percent, after the announcement."
"The government is also expected to announce plans to boost the number of police officers in the country by 30, 000 by 2020."
"He said the company had been in discussions with the government, the European Commission, the European Parliament, the European Commission and others to see if it would seek to have the deal extended."
"It's a bit like the way we play the game, we're going to have the ball and we're going to run."
"The group said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and urged the government to ensure it was \"in line \"with the law."
"The attack, which was claimed by the Islamic State group, was carried out by a group of about 20 men, who were believed to be from the same area."
"I have been a supporter of the Labour party since I was a kid, and I think that the Labour party is the best thing for Britain."
"It's a great way to get a little bit of confidence back and I think that's the main thing."
"The new contract will see the club pay a fee of \u00a3 25, 000 per year, with a further \u00a3 10, 000 paid to the player."
"\"I don't know what the deal is, but I'll keep it,\" he said."
"The day after the election, I was sitting in a restaurant in Manhattan, and a man came up to me and said, \"You know, I'm going to vote for Hillary Clinton, too."
"The UK's economy grew by 0. 2% in the three months to June, the fastest in a decade."
"\"We're going to be working very hard on this and I think we're going to be in a very good position,\" he said."
"\"I'm just trying to make sure that I'm not in the same boat as everyone else,\" he said."
"The U. S. military has been under pressure to provide more support to the Iraqi government since the U. S.- led offensive began in mid- August."
"It's a new start for me and I'm really looking forward to it, so I'm looking forward to it."
"The company said it had a \"significant \"problem with its customers, and it was working to fix it."
"The Democratic candidate has been on a roll, winning the state twice, and is in a good position to win it again."
"It's a tough job, and it's a tough job for a lot of people, but I think it's the right job for me."
"The first was the fact that the United States had already imposed sanctions on North Korea in response to the nuclear test."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good or bad thing for the club to have the right to have the right to have a player that's not playing,\" he said."
"\"I am not going to be a part of this campaign, but I'm going to do what I can to help this country,\" Trump said."
"The two- day event, which is expected to draw thousands of fans, is the first of its kind in the United States."
"I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that we're able to do that and that's why we're here."
"But if you don't have that, then you're not going to be able to get a good job and get a good education."
"The team also released a video of a dog that had been shot dead by a police officer in the city of Calais."
"We're going to have to be more aggressive with our execution, but I think we're going to be able to play the game the way we want to play."
"The U. S. has been bombing ISIS since 2014, but the coalition has not been able to stop the militants from moving into other parts of Iraq and Syria."
"\"We're going to do the right thing, and we're going to do it in a way that's fair,\" she said."
"\"We will be looking at all of the options and I think we will be able to find a solution,\" he added."
"But it's also true that the number of people who are actually in the UK illegally is much higher than it was in the US."
"The couple, who are married, have been together for more than a decade and have a son, Cameron, who is eight months old."
"\"We're not going to take the money away from the people who have to pay for it,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it was investigating the FBI's handling of the investigation."
"\"It's a really important moment for the country, it's a moment to have a real conversation about the future of our country,\" he said."
"The first of three episodes is set to air on October 13, and the second and third are scheduled to air on October 17 and 18."
"The study found that the average household in the UK had an average income of \u00a3 20, 000 a year, while the average for the UK was \u00a3 40, 000."
"It's not the first time he's been asked about his plans for the Olympics, but he's the first to admit that it's a long way off."
"It's a great feeling, but it's a bit of a relief that we're going to be able to play our first game of the season."
"The best thing that can happen is that the government will come to an agreement with the business community and they will come to an agreement with the government."
"It's the first time in a decade that a major party has nominated a woman for president."
"\"We're in a good place, we're in a good place, and we're going to keep fighting,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50% in the past year, and its shares have fallen by more than 40% in the past year."
"We want to be able to do that with the support of the community and the government, but we also have to be able to do it in a way that is sustainable and affordable."
"The debate will take place on the final day of the Republican National Convention, which begins in Cleveland on July 20."
"The new deal will allow the government to pay the remaining $ 3 billion to settle the case, which will be heard in the Supreme Court."
"\"The fact that I'm going to be on the show, it's going to be a big deal,\" she said."
"He said: \"The best thing to do is to get the ball out of the ground, get the ball in the ground and then try to make a play."
"\"We have to be careful that we don't do this because it is going to be a long time before we can get a good result,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide an alternative, more comprehensive way to tackle the problem."
"The firm, which is based in London, is also making a bid to expand its global network of offices in the UK."
"The world's largest financial institution reported its third- quarter results Wednesday, with revenue of $ 5. 4 billion for the quarter."
"The other two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently in police custody, the police said."
"The Prime Minister has said that the UK will be leaving the European Union if it does not get the best deal."
"In the past, we've had a lot of people come in and say they were shocked at the amount of money we were making."
"I don't know if it's because I'm too young or I'm too old, but I'm not sure."
"The prime minister's office confirmed that the government was seeking to discuss the matter with the French authorities, but it was not clear what the government was seeking."
"I'm not saying it's impossible but if you're not in the right situation, you're not going to get it."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people with mental health problems has dropped from an estimated one million to around 1. 3 million."
"\"I would love to see a woman take the lead and be a leader in this country,\" she said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 percent after the news broke, and the company's shares fell 1. 3 percent after the news broke."
"The couple were found dead in the garden of their home, which was covered in blood, on Monday."
"I think we've got to look at the whole package and see if we can do it better than what we've done."
"\"We're going to make sure that every child has the opportunity to be successful in school,\" she said."
"\"I think the public will be very happy with the fact that the government is making it easier for people to get into the labour market,\" he said."
"He said: \"I think the reason I'm here is because I have been here for 15 years, and I know what it's like to be in the middle of the country."
"The company's shares were down 1 percent at $ 9. 45 on Wednesday after the company said it would cut about 10, 000 jobs."
"\"I've been in a lot of trouble, and I've had a lot of bad experiences,\" he said."
"The final results of the inquest will be released in the next few weeks and the public is invited to comment on the findings."
"\"It's a very, very difficult situation for him, but I think he's got to be ready to go,\" he said."
"The men were arrested and taken to a local police station, where they were charged with a number of offences."
"The first is that there are no real rules for how long you can stay in the country."
"The main thing is that the people who are going to be in the position to make decisions are going to be the people who have the best interests of the country at heart."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 13 on Thursday, their lowest price since November."
"I think it's a very important issue for the Labour Party, and I think it's a very important issue for the whole of society."
"\"The problem is that we have a lot of people in the Labour Party who are not in the Labour Party,\" he said."
"It is not a good sign when the team has lost one of their best players, but that is what happens."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it,\" he said, \"but I'm pretty sure I'll be able to do it."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea for a woman to go through what I did,\" she said."
"I don't know how you do this, but I do know that we are in a very dangerous place."
"The former secretary of state is expected to meet with the president- elect on Tuesday to discuss the transition, according to The Washington Post."
"\"I think it's important to remember that there's a lot of people out there who are trying to make a difference,\" he said."
"The government is trying to save money, but it is not clear that it is going to be enough to make a difference."
"The government has also said it will increase the minimum wage for workers earning more than $ 40, 000 a year."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players, the coaches, the players, the fans, the people that have been around the club,\" he said."
"\"I think we need to be able to have a conversation about how we're going to make sure that we're not going to be in the position of not being able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. government has been pushing for the release of the video, which has been viewed more than 4 million times on YouTube."
"The idea was to give people a sense of the world, a sense of the place they were in, and a sense of how they lived in it."
"\"I think it's a great idea, but it's a little bit different to what we've been doing,\" he said."
"\"I think the best way to address this is to have a policy that is a little bit more open to the public,\" he said."
"\"I've been to a lot of places and I've been in a lot of places, but I've never been to a lot of places,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the company's practices, but it's unclear whether the Justice Department will pursue criminal charges."
"I was told that the police would come and find me and that I would be taken to the police station."
"The company's stock has fallen about 2 percent this year and is down more than 25 percent since the company's announcement in May."
"\"We're not going to sit here and say we're going to solve every problem in the world,\" he said."
"The man was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning after he was reported missing from his home in the city centre."
"The Fed is set to raise interest rates again next week, a move that could hurt the economy and send inflation back to the Fed's 2 percent target."
"The company said it was \"shocked \"by the report and said it was looking at other ways to address the issue."
"The team has been working with the police to try and establish what happened, but no one has been arrested."
"\"I think the question is, what do you do when you have a problem with somebody, and you're not going to go to them?\"she said."
"I think the most important thing is that we all get together as a community and we all want the best for our children."
"\"I think we're all going to have to take a moment to reflect on what's happened,\" he said."
"I'm just trying to make the most of it and get back into the game and get my body back to where it was before."
"In the past, it has been used to get a man to sign a contract with a company that is not a company."
"The company has also said it will cut back on its traditional advertising business, which it said had been cut by more than 50 percent."
"The government has said it is taking a \"hard line \"on the issue, and has promised to bring it up with the UK government."
"He said: \"I don't think there's any doubt that the UK is a very important trading partner in the world."
"\"It's a very difficult time for me, because I've been in a lot of pain,\" he said."
"We want to ensure we can do that, and we're not going to stop until we do."
"It's a shame, because I think it's a good thing to be able to say what you think."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the EU has been a model for the UK for decades."
"The report also found that the number of people who were unable to work due to illness or injury was at its highest level in almost five years."
"It's a lot of work, but it's also a lot of fun and it's a good feeling to have the opportunity to be part of something that's going to be a long time coming."
"We're not going to do anything that's going to make us look bad, but we're not going to make ourselves look bad."
"The group is also hoping to raise money to help the families of those killed in the bombings, who are being supported by the government."
"\"I'm not going to say what happened, but I think it was a very difficult decision for me,\" he said."
"He was a little bit of a kid, he was a little bit of a kid, but I don't think he was a kid."
"He said: \"We are now at a point where we are not only dealing with the most serious crimes, but we are also dealing with the most serious cases of violence."
"The father- of- two said he had been in contact with the teenager and was shocked to learn she had been killed."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced at the next meeting of the council's executive, which is due to be held in April."
"The problem is that the vast majority of the people who are going to be affected by this are not going to be the same people who are going to be affected by the housing benefit cuts."
"The project has been in the works for a number of years, and it is now time to put it into action."
"The UN has said the number of civilians killed or injured in the fighting has risen to more than 3, 000 since the start of the operation in mid- December."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I think it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to get to the bottom of this,\" he said, adding that the agency was working to establish the cause of the accident."
"It's not clear what the decision is, but it's not clear what the president's position is, either."
"We're not going to have the same amount of time to go through the process as we did before."
"In addition to the $ 50, 000 fine, the company said it would also pay a $ 250, 000 civil penalty."
"\"The question is whether we can continue to build a strong economy, or whether we can continue to grow at the pace that we need to,\" he said."
"The first thing I would say is that I'm not going to be going to a debate about the economy."
"\"We're going to make sure we get a good result, but we're going to make sure we get a good result,\" he said."
"The United States, which has been on high alert since the 9 / 11 attacks, has also been on high alert since the Paris attacks in November last year."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I've been on the road a lot, I've been on the road for a long time, and I'm sure I've been doing a lot of things,\" he said."
"The New York Times reported that the FBI has opened an investigation into the Clinton Foundation, which was established in 1996, after the foundation's foundation was hit by a series of private email server server- related problems."
"The company has been in talks with the United States and other countries about a possible sale of its aircraft."
"The New York Times reported that the woman's husband was also in the car, and the driver was not hurt."
"It's a big challenge for us, and we've got to be ready for that, but it's a big challenge for us."
"I think it was the most important thing I could do for my family, and I would like to thank everyone who has supported me."
"It was a tough decision for us, but it was also a tough decision for the fans, who were really excited to see us win."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"It's a different way of doing things, but I think it's a good way to do things."
"The company's shares were down 0. 6 percent at $ 28. 40 on Thursday and were trading at $ 26. 60 on Thursday."
"It is a great way to spend time and a great way to learn and I think it is the best way to spend the night."
"I think the best thing that can happen is that the president- elect and his team will have a very clear idea of what's going on."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that,\" he said, \"and I'm not going to be able to do that."
"It was a big step for me to be able to go out and do that and be able to do that again."
"\"I think that it's a big step for us to make sure that we're not just going to be able to run a little bit of a race,\" she said."
"The first step is to get the money from the government and then you can put it into a fund."
"The idea of a new, open- air stadium is not new, and the club has been keen to get in on the ground floor."
"The council has said it will appeal the decision, which it said was based on the value of the property and the fact the council was not required to provide the council with a copy of the property."
"It's the first time in my life that I've been asked to do something that I think is so important to me."
"The first was a shocking photo of a man holding a knife, and the second was the shocking picture of a woman holding her child."
"I think that's a good thing, because if you're going to be able to do something, you've got to be able to do it."
"The judge said that the state's case was not a case about whether the person was a danger to the public or not."
"\"It's a tough game, but we have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the dressing room,\" he said."
"I think the most important thing for me is to get a win and get back to playing the way I was last year."
"The company has not said how many of its current or planned employees were affected, but said the number could rise to as many as 1, 000."
"It's a very, very dangerous situation, and it's a very dangerous situation for the people of this country who are going to be living in this country for a very long time."
"The Government has made clear that it is committed to protecting the right of the people of Wales to make their own laws."
"\"I think it's important to have a sense of perspective,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to give up \"on his future."
"The UK government has been criticised for failing to take action after the Home Office said it would take action if there was a threat to the UK's security."
"The European Union is the only country in the world that doesn't have a single currency, but there are plenty of other countries that do."
"It's a very different thing to say, but I think that's the way it is."
"But he said the situation in the area had changed since then, and the two men had been known to each other."
"The former Manchester United manager has said that he will not be playing for Liverpool this summer and will instead focus on his football career."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I think I'll be able to play for the rest of the season."
"The average price of a home in the United States is about $ 1. 2 million, but that's a lot of money for a family with two kids."
"\"I'm very happy with the results, but I'm not sure what the outcome is going to be,\" she said."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to be able to have a conversation about the issues that are important to people."
"I don't want to give away too much, but we'll see what happens in the next few weeks."
"The government has said it will not be able to give a deadline for the review, which is expected to take up to two years."
"I think it's a good thing that the U. S. has been able to get to this point."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm a little nervous because I've been training for a while and it's been a really tough week."
"The two men were arrested in Los Angeles on suspicion of murder and were released on $ 1, 000 bail."
"I'm not sure that's the case here, but I do think that the players will be disappointed with the result."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the company announced the changes in July, but they're still up more than 20 percent over the past year."
"The first is that the government should be able to spend money on the NHS, not just on the NHS itself."
"The news comes as the Government is facing calls to cut spending on social care, which is expected to rise by a further 2 per cent this year."
"The Prime Minister's office said the Prime Minister had \"strong confidence \"in the UK government and the EU's negotiating position."
"The company is also working on a new product that will allow you to pay for a new car when you buy one."
"I think we have to be a little bit more careful about what we say, but I think we're going to be very, very careful about what we say."
"\"I've always had a good relationship with the community and I've been very clear that I want to make sure that they are happy,\" he said."
"I think it's going to be a great experience for the fans, and I'm sure the fans will be very happy."
"We are going to make sure that we get the right balance of economic opportunity for the people of the United States and for our country."
"The news comes as the number of people with a mental illness is expected to rise from 13. 6 million in 2015 to 24. 9 million in 2020."
"The report said the number of people who had been in hospital for more than three hours had dropped from 25. 4 per cent in 2014 to 15. 5 per cent in 2015."
"\"It's a great opportunity to help the community, to help the community to get together and work together,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not paid the \u00a3 5, 000 tax bill."
"I think that's the biggest thing that's happened to me, and I'm going to continue to fight for the right thing."
"The debate will be the first time the candidates will face each other in the final presidential debate in New York, scheduled for Sept."
"The US president- elect has said he will build a wall along the Mexican border and put Mexico \"on notice \"about the US- US relationship."
"\"I don't know what he's going to do with the money he's gotten,\" he said."
"The council said it was concerned about the lack of funding for the children's shelter, which it said would cost \u00a3 2, 000 a week."
"The United States has a long history of trying to take over the world's oil, but this is the first time it has actually taken over the world's oil."
"I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to get that back, but I'm pretty sure I'll be able to."
"\"I think that's the most important thing for me,\" he said, \"to go out and play and make a difference."
"The U. S. has been carrying out airstrikes in Syria against Islamic State since September 2014, but has not conducted airstrikes in Iraq since September 2014."
"The company is also planning to build a new hotel in the city, and is planning to open a second hotel in the city."
"\"I'm going to be a great ambassador for our country, and I think that's the most important thing that we can do,\" he said."
"The pair were joined by a group of friends, who were waiting for the news, when they heard the news of the shooting."
"The company said the average salary for a full- time employee is $ 57, 000, and that the average salary for a part- time worker is $ 56, 000."
"But I'm not sure what the issue is, because I'm not sure if he's going to be able to go to the convention."
"\"I don't think we've got a chance to win that game,\" he said."
"The American people have a right to know what's going on and to have an informed opinion about what's going on."
"I think the majority of people who are coming into the country, they are not refugees, they are people who have been here for a long time."
"I don't know how to explain it, but it's a great way to get out of the city."
"He said the company was \"deeply disappointed \"and that the company had made \"significant progress \"in the last year."
"But he has been unable to get his hands on a ticket since the early hours of the morning on Sunday, April 30."
"It's just one of those things that's hard to do, but I've got to keep working hard and keep getting better."
"The company said it had cut its workforce by about 1, 000 since the start of the year, and that it had cut its workforce by about 50 percent in the first quarter."
"The new measures will be implemented in April 2017, with a further consultation due to be held in May 2018."
"The company's stock has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade and its shares have lost more than half of their value in the past year."
"The council said it had made \"significant progress \"in its efforts to tackle the problem, but said it was still in the early stages of its work."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 per cent since the company's announcement in February."
"The company said it would not be releasing the data until the FBI had reviewed it, but said it was aware of the potential security risks."
"\"We have to be honest with ourselves about what we're doing,\" he said, \"because we have to be honest with ourselves."
"He is a very good player, he is a good player, he is a good player and I think he is a very good player."
"\"It's a great opportunity, and I think it's a great opportunity for us to go out there and compete and get a win,\" he said."
"The number of people living with a mental illness has increased by more than a third in the past five years, according to a report."
"The country's largest bank has said it will not raise rates in the next few months and is unlikely to raise rates in the coming months."
"The report also found that more than half of the people who were charged with a crime in the UK were convicted of a crime themselves."
"The council said it had been in contact with the woman and was working to establish the cause of her death."
"The two men, who are both from the same town, were arrested on suspicion of murder and were released on bail."
"The video has been viewed more than 11 million times and has been shared more than 3, 500, 000 times on Facebook."
"The decision to sell was made after a series of discussions with the company and the board, who have been in talks with the company for the past few weeks."
"\"I have been in the business for about 20 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"It is also unclear whether the man was in possession of the knife at the time of the shooting and whether the knife was used in the attack."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Justice's Office of Civil Rights, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"The company said the number of people who use the service has increased by 40 per cent in the last year."
"\"I'm not sure what's going on in my mind, but I'm trying to figure out what's going on,\" he said."
"But it's not just the money that's going into the system that's going to be critical to the success of this campaign."
"But when you have a young player who is a long- term injury candidate, you want to give him a chance to prove himself."
"The new law, which was passed on Thursday, will allow for the use of drones in the area where the attacks occurred."
"The U. S. military has been working on a new drone that could be capable of targeting drones in the region."
"The company said it was confident it would be able to meet the demand for its products and that it would be able to meet demand for the volume of orders it will make."
"The new rules will apply to the first- time buyers, who will be required to provide a proof of purchase."
"The government's target is for the number of people aged over 65 to rise from 5. 3 million to 6. 5 million by 2020."
"The study also found that people who were told they were pregnant had a lower risk of having an abortion."
"I think we've been very clear that we want to keep the integrity of the process and the integrity of the process is a key part of that."
"The UK's first ever public inquiry into the death of a British woman has been launched after her body was found in a river in Scotland."
"The government has been trying to get a deal on the border for a year, but has been blocked by the opposition."
"The big question is whether the president- elect will be able to maintain his strength in the polls and, if so, how much."
"The government said it would also provide the US with $ 1. 2 billion in aid over the next four years."
"The move is likely to be welcomed by the European Union, which has been pushing for a deal to be reached by the end of March."
"\"I've been in this business for a long time and I've been able to get to the point where I'm able to do it,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 has risen by more than a third since 2010, while the number of people aged over 65 has fallen by almost a third."
"We are going to be able to get a lot of good players to come in and make a difference in this game."
"In the past year, the city has seen a rise in the number of people who have been arrested for minor crimes."
"But it's a good way to get a sense of how the world is going, and how you can help your children."
"\"I've been in the business for 20 years, I've been in the business for 20 years and I've seen it work,\" he said."
"The problem is that we have to do that, and we're not going to have the same amount of money as we did before."
"\"I don't know if they're going to be able to get the money back,\" he said."
"The mother of a three- year- old girl who was shot to death in a home in the city has been released from hospital."
"The court heard that he had been on his own for more than a year and had not been seen by his mother for at least three months."
"The incident was captured on a video that went viral on social media and has been viewed more than 2. 5 million times."
"He's a good player, he's a good guy, he's a good person and I think we can do a lot of things together."
"The most recent study found that women who had been drinking more than six drinks a week for a year were more likely to develop breast cancer."
"I think we have to be careful about what we say and what we say in the context of what we're doing."
"The company's shares were down 1. 3 per cent at $ 30. 46 on Wednesday, and are down 1. 1 per cent at $ 33. 60."
"The attack was the first major attack on the French capital since a suicide car bomb in January killed 130 people."
"The two- day meeting, which was held on Friday, was attended by more than 20 leaders and members of the public."
"The company has not said how many workers will be affected, but the number of workers who will be eligible for overtime will be reduced to $ 25 an hour."
"He said: \"I think that's what we need to do, and I think it's what we need to do in the future."
"But if we can get the right balance between the public and the media, then we will have a good chance of winning."
"In the last two years, the number of people who have been killed by suicide has increased by more than 20 percent."
"We've got a lot of guys who can play in the Premier League, but it's not easy to play in the Premier League."
"The council said it was working with the police and the community to ensure the safety of all residents."
"The best way to do this is to get people to take the time to get their heads around the issue."
"\"I'm very proud of the way I've played, and I'm very proud to be able to play in the National League,\" he said."
"The couple's four children were born in Britain, but they moved to the UK when they were four years old and have lived here ever since."
"The company's shares fell about 1 percent in after- hours trading after the announcement of the recall."
"The family of a woman who died after being struck by a car in south- east London has called for a full investigation."
"But I think it's important for people to understand that the British people have spoken, and that they have spoken for the British people."
"It was the first time in the history of the school's history that it had been given a full- time academic year."
"\"We are going to be going to the convention in Cleveland to pick our delegates,\" Mr. Sanders said."
"\"We're going to be a great team, we're going to be a great team, and we're going to be great,\" he said."
"I don't think that's the right way to go about it, but I think we're going to go with the plan."
"The state's unemployment rate was 4. 8 percent in January, compared with 4. 5 percent in January 2014, the same month the unemployment rate was 4. 7 percent."
"In the past, the company has been the subject of a number of complaints from users, but it has now been made clear that it is not responsible for any of those claims."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes has dropped by 1. 5 million since the introduction of the drug."
"I'm not going to get into the details, but I think it's important to know the facts."
"\"It's going to be a tough game, but we'll see how it goes,\" he said."
"He has been a strong supporter of the Syrian government and has expressed a desire to bring peace to Syria."
"The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in more than a decade, but it is still far below the 2 per cent target set by the central bank in December."
"He is a very good player, he is very good at the moment but he is not a player that you would want to put in a position where you are not going to be able to win."
"The company has also been accused of being a \"failing \"system for managing its stock, which is worth about $ 1. 5 billion."
"It is a question that has been asked by many of us, and I think it is a question that we need to ask ourselves."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have the same rules,\" he said, adding that the government should set the rules for the rest of the world."
"\"I think it's important to say that we are not just talking about the money, but the people who have been affected,\" he said."
"We have to work together, and I think it's a good thing that we're doing that."
"The company's shares fell 1. 8 percent to $ 24. 18 on Thursday after the company's shares fell 1. 2 percent to $ 21. 95 in after- market trading."
"The latest figures show the number of people living with a mental health condition has fallen by more than 20% since the mid- 1990s."
"The company said it had received the report, and it has been working to improve its procedures to make sure it is accurate."
"I think that's what we're trying to do, to make sure that we're not just going to have a few people in the White House."
"It is a very difficult situation for the club and we are very disappointed that we have to leave the club in such a short space of time."
"\"I am so proud of her, I have been so proud of her for so many years,\" he said."
"I was the only person who could get the ball back and I had to take it back and make sure I didn't get caught."
"\"I've been to the Olympics and I've seen the games, and I've seen the people, and I've seen the people who have been in the country for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good idea for the UK to go to the EU,\" he said."
"\"I think we're in a good place right now,\" said the former Republican governor, who is now a U. S. senator from New Jersey."
"He said he has not been able to contact his family since the incident, but is hopeful that his son will be OK."
"The fact that he is not in the running for the presidency is not surprising, given the party's position in the race."
"The United States and Russia are working together to try to bring the Syrian government to the negotiating table, a senior US official said."
"The two- year- old is now in a stable condition in hospital and is expected to survive, police said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I've never been a fan of the New York Giants,\" he said."
"I was told by the police that I was going to be arrested and that I had to go to jail because I had no money."
"The day after the election, I went to the police station and I was told that I had been arrested, that I had been taken to the police station, and that I would be charged."
"\"I don't think I've ever been in a situation where I was like, \"You know what, I'm not going to do this."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 5. 7 billion in assets in 2015, and it expects to sell more in 2016."
"But the issue is not just about the number of delegates that Trump needs, it's about the way the delegates are selected."
"It's a great way to spend the night and I'm sure you'll be looking forward to seeing the show."
"I've been in the business for over 30 years, and I've never seen anything like it."
"The majority of the victims were women, but a few were aged between 16 and 19 and the majority had been in a relationship."
"\"I think it's a good idea for all of us to come together and make this a success,\" he said."
"\"The reason I have a voice is because I believe that if we don't act, we will be in a very dangerous place,\" he said."
"The company said it will cut the number of workers it will hire from 35, 000 to 15, 000, and will increase the number of employees it will hire from 40, 000 to 50, 000."
"The European Union has already announced that it will cut its EU budget by 50% in 2017, with an even bigger cut in 2018."
"It's not the first time that the Trump campaign has been accused of using fake news to advance its own political goals."
"He said the UK's relationship with the EU had been \"very good \"and that the UK was a member of the single market."
"The EU's migration policy is to be reviewed in due course and the decision will be made by the European Commission."
"I think it's important that we keep the momentum going and we can continue to win games and win big games."
"\"I was told by a doctor that I was going to be fine,\" she said, adding that her husband had been taken to hospital."
"\"The person who was the first person to come to my door and tell me that I was a girl,\" she said."
"The U. S. has been in the region for more than 40 years and is the only major nation to have a military presence in the region."
"The company said it was \"actively considering \"the issue and would be working with the authorities to address the issue."
"The first of the two women to go on to become the first woman to win a major in the sport, she was the first woman to win a major in the sport and the first woman to win a major in the sport to be the"
"The best thing to do is to make sure you're getting the right treatment, and that's what we're doing."
"\"I don't think I'm going to be a Republican for a long time, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The United Nations has warned that the war in Yemen could cost the lives of more than 200, 000 people and could also cost the lives of more than 1 million civilians."
"The company's shares fell by more than 6 per cent on Friday, and have fallen by more than 10 per cent since the announcement."
"The company's shares rose 5. 5 per cent to $ 1. 16, the highest since December."
"It's been a tough few years for me, but I'm happy with what I've achieved and I'm happy to be back here."
"He added: \"I'm not going to comment on the fact that I'm not the first person to do this."
"It's not just the fact that we're in a position where we've been able to get some of the players to come back."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested and charged with the same offence in the same area."
"But the group said it was still in talks with the government to have the building removed, and that it would be looking into the possibility of a second site."
"It's a good thing we're playing in the Premier League, it's a good thing we're playing in the Champions League and it's a good thing we're playing in the Champions League."
"He was very, very aware of the fact that he had to get a job, and he was very much in the background."
"I would be so proud of her if she had said that to me, and I think that's what she's trying to do."
"The first one was that it was a very good idea, but I think it was a mistake."
"\"We're going to make sure that we get the right people on the ground to help us get the job done,\" he said."
"I think it's important to be able to go back and do that, and I think that's what we're doing."
"The Republican National Committee has also released a video that shows the candidate speaking at a town hall meeting in Iowa on Monday."
"The most important thing is to get the best out of your players, and I think that's what we've done here."
"\"I don't think it's the right thing for the people of Scotland to be doing,\" he said."
"\"We're going to work hard to get the best deal for our workers,\" he said at a news conference."
"The company said it would increase its forecast for 2016 to 2. 5 per cent from 2. 9 per cent."
"The couple had a baby boy, who was born at the time of their deaths, in September 2013."
"It's not just about what the president- elect says, it's about what he does, and it's not just about what he's doing."
"The report said the number of deaths from the virus in the UK has increased by more than 100 since the outbreak began."
"The government said it was committed to ensuring that the UK remained a global leader in the digital economy, and the digital economy is a key part of that."
"But that's not what we're trying to do, and we're trying to get a better understanding of what's going on."
"I'm not sure I can do anything about it, but I'm going to try."
"I know I'm going to be a big part of the team and I'm excited to be a part of it."
"I was so excited to get married and get married and have kids, but it's a big part of my life now, and I don't know how I'm going to get it done."
"The first thing I would do is to get to know the players and the manager and get to know them better and see if I can help them."
"I think that's what I would like to see happen, and I think we've got to do something about it."
"\"I think the reality is that we have to be very careful in terms of what we say and what we say about what we say,\" he said."
"\"It's a very important day for the city, and a very important day for the community,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for me to get back into the game, and I'm excited to be playing."
"But the company is also considering other options, including offering a $ 1, 000 credit card to customers who have not yet used the service."
"It's a very difficult situation, but I'm happy that I'm able to do it, because I know I can do it."
"The UK is set to join the EU in a referendum on whether to remain in or leave the bloc, a senior Conservative MP has said."
"\"I think it's going to be a really good game, and I think it's going to be a really good game,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit more confident, or if it's because I'm more confident that I can be more aggressive."
"We have been in contact with the club, but we will not be able to comment further until we are sure the matter is dealt with."
"He said: \"I think it's important that the whole of Scotland is represented, and that's why I'm here."
"\"I'm not sure that's what we're going to do,\" he said, adding that he was \"not sure \"of a date."
"\"I think I'm just going to go out there and do what I'm supposed to do,\" he said."
"It's the first time in a decade that we've seen a major- league team go from winning the World Series to being in the World Series."
"The most important thing is that the people who are doing the work know that they are doing it in a way that is not just for themselves but for the community."
"The study found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with a mental illness increased by 2. 5 percent between 1999 and 2013."
"The official said the government has taken a \"very hard line \"on the issue of asylum seekers arriving illegally in Greece."
"We have to keep in mind that we are not a single country and we have to have the support of the people of our country."
"The company said it had cut its workforce by more than 2, 000 in the first half of the year, and that it would close a store in Scotland."
"The first time I saw him was at the start of the season, and I was like, \"That's a lot of people."
"But the city's health department said it had no information about the patient's age or condition."
"The case has been widely reported, with some claiming that the woman's death was not connected to the case."
"\"I'm just not sure how you're going to get a good deal on a trade deal,\" he said."
"The team will be looking to improve its defensive game in the next two weeks and will look to make a big difference in the game on Saturday."
"The most recent data showed that the number of people who have been diagnosed with breast cancer in the past 12 months has fallen by about one- third."
"\"The first thing I want to say is that I am a very proud Muslim,\" he said, adding that he was proud of his heritage."
"The public has a right to know about what is going on in the world and the government has a right to know what is being done."
"The first thing you need to do is find a way of doing it that works for you, and then figure out what it is you want to do."
"The number of people who have been in the UK illegally for more than five years has increased by more than a third."
"The two men were taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a critical condition, while the woman was taken to Royal Melbourne Hospital in a stable condition."
"The number of people who say they would like to vote for a third party candidate is now less than 1% of the electorate."
"I think the reason why people are still not voting is because they don't have a clear idea of what the issues are."
"\"We have a lot of people who are concerned about the future of the NHS, and the future of the NHS is going to be very difficult,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, I think it's a great thing for the club,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better, and to see each other grow,\" he said."
"I don't know how long he's been here, but he's been here for the last four years."
"The first thing I did was to get a piece of paper, and I took it out and took a picture of it."
"I don't think we'll be able to do that in the next two or three years."
"In the first quarter of 2016, the number of new homes built in the UK was up by more than 2, 000."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the agency would be able to do that."
"I was surprised by the amount of work that went into the show, but I was also surprised by how much it affected my life."
"The company has said it expects to make around $ 1 billion in sales in the first half of 2016, compared with around $ 900 million in the first half of 2014."
"I think we have a lot of work to do to get to the point where we can actually have a conversation about the issues that we're facing."
"The pair were arrested in the early hours of Tuesday morning, and charged with possession of cannabis and possession with intent to supply."
"I don't know what's going on with the family, but they're all out here."
"The group's annual conference in Birmingham is expected to draw thousands of people to a venue that is not yet in use."
"\"I'm not going to comment on the details of the investigation, but I will say that the investigation is ongoing,\" he said."
"The state's unemployment rate is 4. 9 percent, the lowest since the early 1990s, but it's still far below the national average."
"\"I was so scared that if I didn't get to see it, it would be a real shame,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I do think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a bad thing, but it's going to be a bad thing,\" he said."
"I think it's a very good team, but we're not going to be able to win it all."
"The two were found guilty of the same offence in the same court on Monday, and were sentenced to two and a half years in prison."
"It's a big game for us, but it's a big game for the rest of the country and the whole world."
"In the end, though, it was the right thing to do, and I think it was the right thing to do in the right circumstances."
"The BBC understands that the woman was arrested at the scene and is in custody but the BBC has not been able to confirm the identity of the suspect."
"The Bank of England's latest forecast for the UK economy is that unemployment will fall by around 5, 000 to 5, 600 in 2016."
"He added: \"I would say it's not a very good sign for a woman who is pregnant."
"He said he was going to be a good father, but he was going to be a bad father, and he was going to have to get out of this."
"In the past, the campaign has tried to turn the debate into a political point of view, with a focus on the issues that matter most to voters."
"The Government is likely to introduce legislation to allow companies to charge a fee for their use of social media in the future."
"The group said it was concerned about the impact on the city's tourism industry, which has been hit by the outbreak of the Zika virus."
"It's a very hard thing to do, but I'm very proud of the fact that I've done it."
"\"It's not a great thing to be a part of, but I'm happy to be part of it,\" he said."
"It's hard to believe that we have a lot of money, but it's hard to believe that we have a lot of people that are going to work with us."
"It's a very important game and we need to win it, we've got to win it and we've got to win it, we've got to win it."
"\"We are not talking about a single- family home, but rather a lot of people who live in different parts of the city,\" he said."
"\"It's a very, very big deal, and I think it's a very, very good thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose any new rules on the industry in the wake of the Brexit vote."
"The U. S. government has said it is investigating the attack and is working with the Iraqi government to determine if it was an act of terrorism."
"We've got to be able to put ourselves in a position where we can be more competitive and be able to win games."
"He has been at the centre of a scandal involving allegations of sexual assault against women in his own country."
"Theresa May will today announce that the UK will be leaving the European Union and the government is making a formal announcement on the result of the referendum."
"The company said it had a \"high level of confidence \"in the pilot program, which was completed in September."
"\"We're not going to sit here and say we don't have a good idea,\" he said."
"The decision to hold a referendum on whether to remain in the EU was taken after a series of incidents in the UK in the last year."
"The three- year- old was found dead in a house in the town's west on Saturday morning."
"The real question is whether the GOP will get enough support to pass a bill that would make it easier for the government to take guns away from people who pose a danger to themselves and others."
"The number of people who are suffering from mental illness or addiction has risen by over 50 per cent in the past decade."
"The couple had been married for eight years and had three children together, and were expecting their first child in January."
"He said: \"The reason we're here today is to celebrate our marriage and to celebrate the fact that we are now married."
"But the Scottish government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with the Scottish Government's own figures showing a drop in the number of people claiming to be homeless in Scotland."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and do in our speeches,\" he said, referring to the presidential campaign."
"The SNP leader has been criticised for saying the SNP's economic policies are based on \"the worst case scenario \"of a Brexit."
"The American people should have the right to know the truth about what happened to our veterans and their families."
"\"I think that's why we're so focused on the people we're talking to,\" she said."
"I was told by the police that they were going to take me to hospital, but I didn't want to go there."
"The State Department said on Tuesday that it had been in touch with the Clinton campaign to try to determine how to respond."
"\"It is a great honour to be part of the team and I look forward to working with the team to make this a successful year,\" he said."
"The group has also been accused of using the internet to spread propaganda and promote terrorism, and has also been accused of carrying out attacks in the UK."
"The U. S. government has said that the militants were behind the attack, and it is not clear if any American has been killed."
"I was only 16 when I was diagnosed, but I've been in the clinic for 12 years and I've seen it happen before."
"\"I'm not sure what it's going to take to get me out of this,\" he said."
"He said: \"We have been in contact with the family of the missing woman and we will continue to do everything to support them."
"It is also possible that the company's shares fell in value as a result of the sale, but this is not known."
"The first thing I noticed was that the people who were in the front were not that different from the people who were behind."
"\"I was hoping to be able to get a job, but I was worried about the security of it,\" he said."
"\"The whole point of this is we're going to be a country where people are not just going to have a lower minimum wage,\" he said."
"\"It's a great thing for us to be able to do that, because we know that if we do that, we will win the game,\" he said."
"The video has been viewed more than 6 million times and has been shared more than 4 million times on Facebook."
"I don't think that's going to happen in a year or two, but I do think it will happen."
"\"The way I see it, it's a matter of time before we see a government that is not going to make a decision on the issues that matter most to the people of the United States,\" he said."
"The company said it expects the share price to rise to $ 2. 30 per share, up from $ 1. 20."
"\"I think we need to make sure we're not just going to have to make sure we have the right policies and the right people in government,\" he said."
"I am not sure what the relationship is between the two of them, but I would say that they are very close."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I think it's important for us to do what we can do,\" he said."
"He said: \"We have been working on this for the last few weeks and we are now going to start working on it."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to address the issue of the long- term effects of the Zika virus, which has been spreading in Brazil and other Latin American countries."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but we'll see,\" he said."
"The US and its allies have been bombing the militants in Yemen since March 2015, and have been targeting their positions for months."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the police are not doing enough to ensure that the community is safe,\" he said."
"The New York Times reported that the man who was shot in the head was a resident of the area, and that the man was not the target of the shooting."
"The latest data show that the number of people living in poverty fell by 5. 1 percent in the first quarter of 2016."
"It was a surprise to me, but I was surprised that they had a lot of people who had never heard of them."
"The UK's government is to announce plans to introduce a new minimum wage for all workers, starting from next April."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Islamic State group, which controls large parts of Iraq and Syria, carried out a series of suicide bombings in Paris in November."
"He said: \"I don't know if I can say for sure, but we're going to have a very hard time."
"He was taken to the hospital, but died on the way to the hospital, the police said, adding that they would not release details of the case."
"The fact that we are doing this, we are doing it in a way that is not just about us, but about the world, and that is what we are doing."
"He said he had been told by the police that he was the only one who had to leave the house."
"The new rules, which are due to be published in the Federal Court on Tuesday, will allow the government to take a public position on the issue."
"The U. S. Supreme Court on Tuesday said the government must show that the law is in the national interest."
"The idea is to get people to come to the United States and, if they're willing to do so, then they can get their visa."
"He said: \"I've been in the industry for about 20 years and I've never had a problem."
"We've been here before, so I'm sure there are a few people that have been here before and we'll be seeing them again."
"It's not clear whether the new law would apply to the most vulnerable, or those who have been in the country for more than two years."
"\"We've been working on it for a while and it's been a real good start,\" he said."
"The court heard the couple had been married for just over a year and had two children, aged eight and six."
"It's a great opportunity to show that we can be a good team and we can be a good team together."
"But it is not the first time a woman has been convicted of sexual assault in a police station."
"The only thing that's changed is the way I've played, and I think that's good for the team."
"I'm very proud of the work I've done over the last couple of years to bring awareness to this issue."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure you're not going to get caught up in the moment."
"The former governor of the state, who has been critical of Trump, has said he will not support the Republican nominee."
"It was a bit of a shock when I got it, but it's a great feeling to get it in the right spot."
"The government has promised to increase the number of people who can apply for benefits from one year to five years, and to bring in a new system of benefits for those who have not yet worked."
"\"I think that's a good thing, because I think it's a good thing for people to understand the history of this country,\" he told the New York Times."
"It is the second time in less than a month that a Republican presidential candidate has lost the popular vote to a Democrat."
"It's a big thing, but we're not going to be able to do it in the next two or three weeks."
"The new study, which was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, shows that women who were given the drug for six months were more likely to be diagnosed with breast cancer."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to do this,\" he said, adding that he will not be voting for Trump."
"The court heard that the pair had been on a date for more than a year and had been having a sexual relationship."
"He said: \"It's a great honour to be selected by the BBC and I'm delighted that this is the right decision for the BBC."
"The government has said that the UK would be free to decide on its own future relationship with the EU, but that the UK would be able to decide on its own future relationship with the EU."
"He was a good kid, and he's a good kid, and he's a good kid, and he's a good kid, and he's a good kid, and he's a good kid, and he's a good kid,"
"\"We've got to get better and we've got to get better and we've got to get better, and we've got to get better,\" he said."
"The new contract will allow the club to pay for the services of one of the players for a period of three years."
"The report also said that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in the past year was up by 1. 2 per cent."
"The Fed's next meeting is on March 20, when it will hold its first meeting since the 2008 financial crisis."
"The US has been involved in the Syrian civil war for more than a decade and has been involved in the conflict in Yemen since 2011."
"He said he had been working for the company for the past five years but had no idea of the extent of the problems."
"\"I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time and I've seen a lot of things,\" he said."
"It was the first time in a long time that I've seen him play in the Premier League and it's been fantastic."
"It's not a matter of whether you're a good or bad person, but rather whether you're a good or bad person is a matter of when you're a good person."
"The United Nations has warned that the number of people displaced by the fighting is at least five times the number of the country's population."
"But the government is now looking to increase the number of people who will be able to get a job in the next few months."
"The company said it will work with the Department of Education and other government agencies to ensure that children are receiving the best possible education."
"The company said in a statement that it had filed for a $ 3. 5 million cash- out in January, and that it would continue to make payments to shareholders."
"The decision to close the plant has been made, but the company said it would not be able to continue operating."
"\"It's a great day for the game, and we're going to do everything we can to win it,\" he said."
"It's a great way to spend the day, but I think it's important to remember that we're not alone."
"He said: \"We are doing everything we can to help those who have been affected by the accident and are working with the local authorities to try and get the best possible response."
"It was a good match and I think we have to be a bit more aggressive in the second half."
"The Chinese government is also considering a ban on foreign travel to the country, which is expected to be implemented by the end of this year."
"The company's stock has lost about 50 percent of its value in the past year, and its net income has fallen by nearly half."
"The court heard that a police officer had been called to the property and asked if the man had a gun."
"We're not going to be able to do that for a long time, but it's something we'll have to think about."
"The company said the new model will be available in the UK in the first quarter of next year."
"It is believed that the woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had been in the car with the men for about five minutes."
"He was able to get the ball and it was a great opportunity to get a couple of good points and that's what we're trying to do."
"The Fed is likely to hold interest rates at their current level, which would be the lowest level since the 1970s."
"\"I think it's a shame that it's not being done now,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other cases \"in which the drug was used in the same way."
"\"We are going to have a very, very hard time with the Syrian regime,\" he said in a statement."
"The real problem is that we've been so focused on the issue of the refugee issue that we have not been able to make a real difference."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say that I was surprised by the results,\" he said."
"The man's family have not been named, but it is believed that he was involved in the robbery."
"He was a good player but we have to make sure we are a team that can win every game."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since late August, and the coalition is also conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria, according to a U. S. defense official."
"The Government has said it is considering the case but there is no evidence to suggest the allegations are true."
"But it's not the first time the company has tried to expand its presence in the country."
"The idea is that you can't know what you're doing until you're in the middle of a conversation."
"The company said in a statement that its new deal with the Trump transition team would be the first time it would offer a paid- off credit card in the United States."
"The next question is whether the U. S. government is prepared to pay the price for the failure of the EU to respond to the crisis."
"The couple, who are now aged 77 and 79, had a baby girl, who was born on October 1, 2015."
"It's a good thing that the state government is making it easier for people to get the help they need."
"The government's plan to reduce the number of children in care will be announced in the coming days."
"The latest figures also show that the number of people in work has fallen by almost a third in just over a decade."
"The Bank of England is to raise its benchmark interest rate for the first time in more than a decade from 0. 25 per cent to 0. 5 per cent in the wake of the Brexit vote."
"The former secretary of state is also the first woman to hold the post and is the first woman to win the presidency of a major party."
"The two men, who have not been identified, are believed to be from the same family, according to the New York Times."
"The company said the new test will be available to customers in the UK, Ireland, Germany, Italy, Spain and Germany, with the UK expected to follow soon."
"It's a very difficult time for the state of New York and I'm sure that we're going to have to work very hard to get the right person elected."
"\"It's a good thing for the public to know that we are doing this,\" she said."
"\"It's a lot easier to get a job in the public service than to be a member of the military,\" he says."
"It's a good opportunity for us to get back in the game and get back into the game and win a game."
"\"It's not a question of what I'm going to do,\" he said, adding that he had a \"great relationship \"with the governor."
"I think we're all in this together, and I think it's great for the community, because it's great to have a community that's willing to listen to us, to listen to us."
"It's not that I don't want to be a part of it, but I'm not sure that I want to do it."
"\"I was just trying to get a feel for the game, and I'm just trying to get my body right,\" he said."
"In the end, the vast majority of the country's population is in favour of the UK remaining in the EU."
"The company has been hit by falling oil prices and falling production, and the company's stock is down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The report, which was commissioned by the government, said the Government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"\"I'm not going to give up,\" Trump said in a statement, adding he would continue to campaign for the Republican nominee."
"We're in the middle of the year, so we're going to be working on it and getting ready for it."
"\"I'm just trying to get the ball in my hands and just keep playing,\" he said."
"He said the decision to remove the girl from the school was a \"very difficult one \"and that she had been \"in a very difficult place \"in the past."
"The prime minister said: \"We will make sure that we have the best possible deal for our country, for our economy and for our security."
"The company said it had made a \"significant \"commitment to the project, but it was not clear whether the company would be able to secure funding from a private investor."
"The first thing that comes to mind is what's going to happen in the next few years, and that's what we're going to have to do."
"He said the government had not been able to get the funds to pay for the maintenance of the camp, which was closed down in the summer of 2015."
"\"The state of the world is that we're not really ready to be ready to be ready,\" he said."
"The first lady, who is also a former president of the United States and a first lady, will be in New York for her first visit to the nation."
"The government has also said it will introduce a new law to give the public the right to know about the health and safety of pregnant women."
"It is also a good way to spend your time, and I have seen it happen to me in the past."
"\"We have to get to the bottom of what happened and we need to make sure that we do everything we can to make sure that the investigation is properly conducted,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to play again, but I'm looking forward to the next one."
"\"I'm not going to lie: I was really surprised by how many people said they were excited about the show,\" she said."
"The Department of Health said it was aware of the incident but was not aware of the potential for harm to patients."
"\"I'm not sure that the people who voted for me were the people who voted for Trump,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how to respond to that, but I'm going to try to do the best I can,\" she said."
"But it's a big, big deal to me, because I know that I'm going to be a great president for a long time."
"I don't think there's a better way to do it, and I think it's a good way to do it."
"It's the first time I've been in the position where I've been in the position where I've been in the position where I've been in the position where I'm not being tested."
"The company has said it will continue to work with the police to investigate the incident and will be working with the department to identify those involved."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing, or a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"It's a good thing that we've got a little bit of a challenge now,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what the government is doing,\" he said."
"The next day, the police came to the house and found the man dead, according to the police report."
"The former mayor of London, Boris Johnson, has called for a \"total ban \"on the use of drones in the UK."
"The government has already announced a new scheme to help people who have been living in poverty for a long time, but the number of people in poverty has increased by over 50% since the start of the year."
"It is a great thing for us to have that kind of support and to have the support of the fans, and I think that's a good thing."
"I think it's a big part of what makes us successful, and I think it's a big part of the reason why we're here."
"The company said it would have to pay the $ 3. 5 million in compensation to the state, and the state would have to pay the $ 1. 5 million."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, I think the fans are really happy,\" he said."
"I have been in the public eye for a long time, and I've seen a lot of people get involved in politics."
"We're not going to get into the details of the process, but we're going to have to."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will consider a motion to ban the practice in the next parliament, which is due to be held in April."
"We've got to make sure that we're not just going to be able to do that, but we're going to be able to do it in a way that's not just a little bit different."
"I'm a big fan of the idea that if you're not going to do something, you're not going to do it."
"The first- year coach has been working with the new players and they are looking for their first win in four games."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to make sure that we're not just talking about the issues that matter to the American people,\" he said."
"The UK is one of the most important trading partners in Europe and we have a strong relationship with the EU."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including from China, the United States, Japan and South Korea."
"The truth is, it's not that hard to make a living doing what you love, but it's a lot more difficult to make a living doing what you love."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say and what we do,\" he said."
"It's a great way to get to know the city and feel like you're part of the community."
"The other thing is that I think it's the right thing to do and I'm not sure it's the right thing for the people of the United States."
"\"I think we have to be prepared to do some things that we haven't done before,\" he said."
"It was a huge loss for us, but we were determined to win and we have to do it again."
"\"It's not a perfect world, but I think it's a world where we're going to have a lot of success,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that's a good idea,\" he said, adding that he would like to see more of the same."
"The first thing you have to do when you're in the middle of the road is to make sure you're not going to make a mistake."
"The team was able to track down the man and his car, which was later found to be stolen."
"\"I think it's important that we have an understanding of what is going on and what is not going on,\" he said."
"\"I'm just trying to get the best out of myself and just be happy with what I've got,\" he said."
"In the end, the GOP's nominee is the only one in the race who has a clear path to the nomination."
"\"I was hoping that the people who were trying to save me would find a way to save me,\" he said."
"But it is not clear what the new measures will be, or if they will apply to all employees."
"\"I don't know how you can make a living doing this,\" he said, adding that he was \"just going to be a good guy \"and that he had no plans to change his name."
"\"I am not sure that we will be able to get back to the normal level of the UK economy,\" he said."
"He said:'I had a phone call from my wife telling me she was going to be taking me out to dinner."
"We have a lot of young players, a lot of young players, who have a lot of potential, who are looking at the future and looking forward to it."
"The former secretary of state, who is also a member of the U. S. Supreme Court, has said that she will not vote for Trump."
"The new figures show that more than half of the people who have been in the labour force for more than five years have been in the labour force for less than five years."
"\"I don't know if it's a case of, you know, I don't want to be in a position where I can't do anything,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the industry for a long time, and I've seen a lot of things that are not as good,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 per cent after the announcement, but they rose about 2. 5 per cent after the news."
"The government has said it is committed to making sure that the UK remains part of the single market, and that the UK will remain a part of that."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect on April 1, is the first time that the state has passed a law requiring employers to offer health insurance to their workers."
"It's the first time in a decade that a major U. S. company has been able to do that."
"\"I am not sure that it's going to be a problem in the short term,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of luck and to have the opportunity to play against a top- class team."
"It's a tough place to play in and I don't want to be the only one who doesn't want to play."
"I'm not going to go into details of what happened, but I do think it's a very serious situation."
"\"I'm not sure what it's about but it's a great feeling,\" he said."
"The company's net income fell to $ 1. 65 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016 from $ 1. 66 billion a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters data."
"I'm not sure if it's the best thing that's ever happened to me, but I'm going to try to keep it going."
"\"I am not a politician, I am not a journalist, I am not a politician, I'm not a politician,\" he said."
"In a statement, the bank said: \"We have been very clear that we will not be taking any further action until we have been given the opportunity to make a decision."
"The government is also seeking to limit the number of refugees who will be allowed to enter the country, which is home to some of the world's most dangerous migrants."
"But it's not as if the United States is doing anything different from the rest of the world in the way it has."
"\"It's a great way to celebrate Christmas and I think we all agree that it's a great way to celebrate Christmas,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a good thing, but I'm going to say it's a good thing,\" she said."
"The Scottish government has promised to work with the UK government on a range of measures to help reduce the numbers of people who are denied the right to stay."
"The UN has warned of a \"significant risk \"of a \"significant number \"of people being killed in the conflict, and that the number of civilians killed could rise as the conflict continues."
"It's a big game for us, but it's a good opportunity for us to get to know each other and see if we can get to know each other."
"\"It's not a bad idea to have a little bit of fun in the middle of it,\" she said."
"I have been able to move my body a lot and I feel good about my body and I am looking forward to the next step."
"But the way he is, he's a very good player, and he's a very good player when he's on the pitch."
"\"It's not that I don't like it, but I don't think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be fair,\" he added, \"but it's a bit of a mystery."
"The U. S. State Department has said that the U. S. has no evidence that Russia was involved in the hacking."
"\"I think we can be very, very competitive and we can be competitive and we've got to be competitive and we've got to be competitive,\" he said."
"The Scottish government has said it is considering a \"safe haven \"for migrants arriving in the UK after a series of recent incidents."
"\"I think it's a really good thing that we have a woman president, and that's what I'm going to do,\" she told CNN."
"It's a big game, but it's also a big game for the players, and the coaches, and the players themselves, to be able to be able to come out and play."
"\"I think it's important that we have a dialogue with the world and that we are not just talking about the issues but also the issues of our time,\" he said."
"The study found that women who had been on the drug for a longer time had an increased risk of death."
"I think it's important to be able to say that we are not alone in the world and we are not alone in the world alone."
"\"I think that's the reason why we're seeing so many people who have been in the business for so long,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to find out what the other person is thinking and what they're thinking about."
"I've had a lot of friends who have had a lot of success in their careers and have been successful in their careers."
"The decision to keep the club in Scotland came as a surprise to many, but it has been a shock to many in the club and fans."
"The government is also considering a new law to give the police powers to investigate child sexual abuse, and is also considering a new law to allow police to use the powers of the court to force companies to pay child support."
"But it is also a reminder that there is no such thing as a perfect system, and that we can improve it."
"The real question is, how many of these people are still alive and how many are still alive and are still in the U. S."
"But the reality is that the country has been on the road for a very long time and we have to get on."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to go out and do it, but I think we should be doing it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's the right time to be talking about this,\" he said."
"\"It's just a shame that they have to go through the process and they don't know what's going on,\" he said."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people who are there, and I think they deserve to have the opportunity to make the case for what they believe in,\" he said."
"\"It's not that I'm a bad person, but I'm not a good person in the way that I would like to be remembered for,\" he said."
"But it's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product, and the way in which it is made."
"\"I think that the question is, what is the best way to make sure that we're doing the right thing for the people of New York?\"he said."
"I think that's what we're trying to do and I think we're going to be able to do it."
"It's a little bit of a relief to be able to have a good day out there and get a couple of hours off work."
"\"I think the most important thing for us is to keep the momentum going and get the points,\" he said."
"The girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital where she is in a stable condition."
"\"The British people are fed up with the political and financial establishment- they're not going to give us a fair shake,\" she said."
"But the truth is, it's a lot easier to be an American than it is to be an American in the sense of being a citizen of the United States."
"The one thing I did know was that I was going to be the first to go and I was going to make a difference."
"\"It's the first time in my life that I've been able to do something like that,\" he said."
"I'm not going to lie: I was excited to see the first- ever feature film from the director."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen to nearly 1. 5 million, according to the United Nations."
"The FBI has opened an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the death of a black man who was shot and killed by police officers."
"The United States is one of the world's most advanced economies, but it's also one of the least secure."
"He said:'I am not sure if I can say what happened, but I was really scared when I saw the video."
"It's a great opportunity, but it's not a guarantee of success, and I don't think that's the case."
"The campaign's website says it has raised $ 1. 4 million so far, and the campaign says it has raised $ 600, 000 in the last three days."
"The Labour leader said the Government's \"deliberate \"tactics would make it harder for young people to vote."
"The group has been on the run since the start of the year, and is believed to have fled to Syria, where it has been fighting alongside the Islamic State group."
"\"The way I look at it, I can't imagine what the future holds for me,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying that the best way to do this is to have a single, global government,\" he said."
"The researchers said the study could help people who are struggling with depression or anxiety, or who are struggling with other mental health problems."
"\"I think it's going to be a very good year for me, but I'm going to keep going,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister's official spokeswoman said: \"We are clear that the UK is a member of the European Union and that is why we are investing in our own post- Brexit future."
"The company said it has also been working with law enforcement to identify the driver and the cause of the crash."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and has been released on bail."
"The latest figures from the Health and Safety Executive show that in the first six months of the year there were a total of 61 cases of the disease."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people who are in the office, and I have a lot of respect for the people who are in the White House,\" he said."
"The whole thing is a bit of a mystery, but it's a pretty good story and I'm really excited to be doing it."
"The new system will be rolled out across the UK, with a total of around 500, 000 people receiving it in the first year."
"I don't know what I'm going to do next, but I'm going to try to play the best golf I can."
"\"We've got to make sure that the people who are the most important to us are the ones who are most affected by this,\" he said."
"The only way to make sure the economy works for everyone is to make sure the government works for everyone, and that's what we're going to do."
"The former Secretary of State has said she would not be seeking the presidency if she was elected and said she would not vote for Donald Trump."
"The president- elect said he was \"very disappointed \"that his staff had not been able to contact him in time."
"We're going to do everything we can to make sure that we're not only able to protect our kids, but we're also able to protect our families."
"The first thing I do is I try to get as much information as I can about the person that I am looking at."
"\"I have a lot of confidence that we can get a result here, and I'm confident that we can do that,\" he said."
"But he said he was \"very concerned \"about the impact on the state's economy, and that it was \"not the right time \"to raise the issue."
"I was a little bit disappointed that I couldn't do it, but I'm going to try and do it."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about what you are going to do is how you are going to do it."
"The company's shares were down 0. 8 per cent at $ 18. 30 on Tuesday, their lowest level in more than a decade."
"I think he's a great example of why we need to do more to help people who are in need."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we're in this position,\" he said, \"because it's a good thing for us."
"\"I think it's important to note that this is a very different environment now than it was when I was in office,\" he said."
"The two men are not suspected of having links to the terror group, but they have been arrested on suspicion of being part of a terror cell."
"The idea that he might be able to win a general election is a good one, but it's not the only thing that could change the outcome of the election."
"It's a great place to get to know the people who are there and to be able to be part of that."
"It's not like we're going to be the only ones who are going to be able to do it."
"He said:'I'm not sure how many people would have been affected by the event, but I'm sure many more would have been affected by it."
"The whole point of the program was to get people to come to the U. S. and help us get the job done."
"I was like, you know, I don't know what I'm going to do with my life."
