"The group has been accused of a string of human rights violations, including torture and murder, in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the middle of the season,\" he said."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq since late 2014, but the coalition has not conducted airstrikes against the group since the coalition began its campaign in 2014."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than two years and that it had been in talks with the city."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in the first quarter, and that it had raised $ 2. 1 billion in the second quarter."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said had helped it to focus on its core business."
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not the people who are in charge of the NHS."
"\"I think we have a lot of work to do to get the best out of the players,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"The report, which was commissioned by the Government, said that the Government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and public services."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of people who are homeless in the capital."
"The government has been criticised for not providing enough information about the number of people who have died in the fire."
"\"I'm just trying to get the best out of myself and hopefully get some more games,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a woman president,\" Trump said in the interview."
"\"I think we have to be very careful about what we say and what we say about what we're going to do,\" she said."
"The company's shares are up more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 15 percent in the past year."
"The two- day event, which will be held in the UK, will be the first time the UK has hosted a major international sporting event in the past decade."
"The company said it had received a \"significant number of complaints \"about the practice and that it had taken steps to improve its practices."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 percent to $ 10. 22, the highest since March 2014."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the players,\" he said."
"The new study found that the number of people who reported having a mental health condition increased from 1999 to 2014."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say I'm not a fan of the show,\" he said."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in its core business, which is based in the UK, and will focus on its new business in the US."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"for the government to force the company to pay back the money it paid to the state."
"The government has said the new rules will help prevent the spread of the virus in the UK, but critics say the government will not be able to guarantee the virus will never spread to other countries."
"The company said it had sold more than 1, 000 of these vehicles in the last two years, and that it had sold more than $ 1. 5 million in the last two years."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion from investors in 2015, but it had to raise $ 1. 5 billion from investors in 2016 to reach the goal."
"The report also said that the number of people who had been arrested for offences against the law had increased by more than 20% since 2014."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 4 billion from investors in 2015, including $ 1. 3 billion from the Chinese government."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from private investors and was working with investors in other countries to develop the technology."
"The new rules will be put to the public in the coming days and will be published in the official rules book."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property and that it had been in talks with the government to sell the property but had not been able to secure the necessary approval."
"I'm not sure what it is, but it's a very good thing that we're in the Champions League."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea for us to have a debate about this,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 percent to $ 14. 45 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The two- year- old boy was found dead in his home on Sunday, the same day as the attack."
"The company said it had been working with the US government to ensure the safety of its customers and that the incident was investigated."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the NHS are going to be people who are going to be in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying it's going to be a perfect storm, but it's going to be a very, very difficult thing to do,\" he said."
"The government is also considering a plan to increase the minimum wage to $ 15 by 2020, which would be the first step toward a $ 10 minimum wage in the United States."
"The government is expected to announce a new plan for the next five years, which will see the introduction of a new tax on the value of property."
"\"I think we've got to do a better job of making sure that we're not just going to be doing this for the next four years,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion from investors and had a net loss of $ 1. 4 billion."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the country are going to be people who are going to be in charge of the economy,\" he said."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and taken to a local police station."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for this are the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for this,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"We are going to have a very strong and very strong team,\" he said, adding that the team will be \"a very good team \"and will be \"a very good team \"in the future."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"The government has also said it will not take part in the talks unless the UK is given a clear answer on its future relationship with the EU."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is not the only country that has been affected by the Zika virus,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in power, the people who are in charge, are not the people who are going to change the world,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will introduce a new law to give police greater powers to investigate hate crime."
"The government has said that it will not seek to impose a new contract on the private sector, but will instead seek to increase the number of workers."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that we get to know each other better,\" he said."
"I've been on the road for a while now, so I'm really enjoying the journey."
"The company said it was \"committed to improving the customer experience \"and that it would continue to work with customers \"to improve the service."
"The first is that the government is not going to give us the money to do it, so we need to do it ourselves."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government about the possibility of moving the aircraft to a new location."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in March 2014."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was going on, and he told me that he had a heart attack."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the government's investigation into the company's use of the cloud."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1. 6 billion in shares in the past 12 months."
"I don't know how to explain it, but I'm not sure I can."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The U. S. military has been carrying out airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria since late 2014, but the coalition has not yet carried out strikes against the group in Iraq."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to force the closure of the school, which is run by the Catholic Church."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30 on Thursday, and were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30 on Thursday, following the announcement."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be very careful about what we say and do in our speeches,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state is also expected to be in the running for the Republican presidential nomination, which could be a big boost for the former secretary of state."
"The number of people who have died in the last three years has risen by more than a third, according to the latest figures."
"\"I'm not sure if it's the right time, but I'm going to go out there and play,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a good relationship with the United States,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on a roll since the start of the year, with the unemployment rate at 4. 9 percent, the lowest level since January 2009."
"The company's shares were down more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, but they were up more than 6 percent in after- hours trading."
"The new rules, which will be announced next week, are designed to make it easier for businesses to access the internet."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The first is that it is not a crime to be a member of the armed forces, and the second is that it is not a crime to be a member of the armed forces if you are not a member of the armed forces."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen to more than 1. 5 million, according to UN figures."
"I think it's a good thing that we're in the Premier League now and I think it's a good thing that we're in the Champions League now."
"The government has said the UK will continue to work with the EU on a range of issues including the EU's access to the single market and free movement of people."
"The US has been accused of using chemical weapons against the Syrian army and its allies in the war, which has killed more than 250, 000 people."
"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do, but I'm going to be a good leader,\" he said."
"I think it's important to remember that we have a very strong and diverse community in this country, and we are going to continue to do that."
"\"I think the best way to look at it is that the people who are responsible for the decision to go to war in Iraq are the people who are responsible for the decision to go to war in Afghanistan,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to make $ 1. 3 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter, up from $ 1. 5 billion in the same period last year."
"The US and its allies are bombing the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, but the group has also been carrying out air strikes in Libya and Iraq."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the United States is not the only country that's going to have to deal with this,\" he said."
"The report said the government had not been able to find a way to stop the flow of migrants into Europe."
"\"I think it's important that we get to know each other better and learn from each other,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players and a lot of good players in the squad, but I think we need some good players to come in and help us,\" he said."
"The company said it had already received more than $ 1. 5 million in the initial round of funding and was looking for a partner."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year, and that it was working on a new product for the next year."
"The company said it had sold more than 1. 5 million shares in the stock since the start of the year, and that it had sold more than 2 million of its shares in the past 12 months."
"The company said it would add a new feature in the next version of the app that would allow users to add a \"buy now \"button to their profile."
"The former secretary of state, who has been a vocal opponent of the war, has said that the U. S. should not be involved in the war."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of our economy are going to be people who are going to be in charge of our health care,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be working with the federal government to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that we're doing"
"\"I think it's important to have a strong team and a strong team that can take the lead,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a lot of people involved in the game,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we've got a good team and we're going to get it done."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do it alone,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 percent to $ 16. 46 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it would be able to keep the money it raised from the sale of its shares in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but I'm happy with the way I played,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be more careful about what we say, what we say about the world and what we say about ourselves,\" he said."
"\"It's not a good feeling, it's not a good feeling to be in a situation like this,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the government is going to have to do something."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working with investors to secure the best possible deal."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 4 billion in funding from investors and was in the process of buying a majority stake in the company."
"The former secretary of state, who is also running for president, has said she will not support Trump."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to stay in the country for up to six months."
"The fact that he's been in the public eye for so long, and has so many people to thank for that, is something that I'm very proud of."
"The company said it had raised its target price for its shares to $ 1. 99 a share from $ 1. 99 a share in early December."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad, and we want to get them into the team,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe, secure and affordable environment for all employees \"and that it was committed to ensuring the safety of all employees."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The new rules, which were announced last week, will be in place for the next two years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors in the last three months of 2015."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending $ 1. 2 billion a year on defence."
"The company said it was \"closely monitoring \"the situation and would be making a decision in the next few days."
"The government is also expected to announce a new scheme to help people who are unable to pay for their own care."
"\"I think we're all going to have to live with that,\" he said, \"but I'm going to live with that."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on sugar, but the sugar industry has said it will not be introduced until 2020."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that we're going to have to have a very, very good relationship with Russia."
"\"I don't think it's fair for the government to say that the people who are responsible for this are not responsible for the people who are responsible for this,\" he said."
"The group's latest poll shows it has a 21- point lead over the Democratic candidate, Bernie Sanders, in the state."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety of our customers \"and that it was working to ensure the safety of the entire company."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Justice Department's civil rights division to determine whether the case would be dismissed."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the police and that it had been working with the authorities to investigate the incident."
"The couple had been together for six months when the couple's daughter, a year and a half old, died."
"I've got to be honest with you, I've been in the business for a long time and I'm not going to be the first person to say that."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering value for our shareholders \"and was committed to delivering \"great value for our shareholders \"in the future."
"The report, which was commissioned by the Government, said the Government was committed to ensuring that the UK was a \"safe and secure \"territory for trade and investment."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but it's a very serious matter,\" he said."
"The company has also said it is working to improve its customer service and to improve its customer experience, which has been a focus of the company's recent earnings reports."
"I think it's a very important thing to have, and I think it's important that we have a strong team here to do that."
"The government is also trying to get the UK to join the European Union, a key ally of the UK in the EU."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be a great thing,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost about half of its value in the past year."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not,\" he said, adding that he had not been in contact with the company."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in the past year has increased by more than 50 percent."
"The company's shares fell more than 3 percent to $ 1. 14, while the broader market has lost about 2 percent."
"The couple, who are both in their 20s, were arrested in January after a man they met online posted a picture of them on Facebook."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to get the new technology into the hands of consumers, but it would be a good start."
"The company said it had already received more than $ 1. 6 million in compensation from the government since the start of the year."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1 billion in assets in the first half of this year, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the first half of 2015."
"The company has also been criticised for its lack of transparency, with some saying it is too easy to hide the fact that it is a tax- free company."
"\"I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to get a job in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to be in a position where you can be in a position where you can be in a position where you can be in a position where you can be in a position where you can be in a position where you can"
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 2 million in compensation in the past three years."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since a series of attacks in Paris and Brussels in November that left 130 people dead."
"The new rules will apply to all new and existing businesses, and will apply to all new and existing businesses in the same way as they apply to existing businesses."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but it was not clear if it would be ready for the market."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the game, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be very careful with what we say and what we say in the media,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"The government's response to the report is to say that it will take action to address the issue."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 2 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 1 billion in the same period last year."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 8 billion in the first quarter of the year."
"I'm not sure how much I'll be able to get back, but I'm sure I'll be back in a couple of weeks."
"\"I think the first thing that you have to do is to get your mind right,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to do what he thinks is right,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to do is to get the ball in my hands and get it to the right place and get it to the right place."
"The government has also said it will not be able to force companies to pay more for services that are not covered by insurance."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a female president,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect in January, will apply to all of the country's 1. 6 million migrants."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the media,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Islamic State group seized large parts of Iraq and Syria in 2014."
"The government has said it will take action to ensure the safety of the public, but it has yet to announce a plan for how it will do so."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to be a part of the team and be able to be involved in the team,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state is expected to announce her running mate on Monday, but she has yet to announce her vice presidential running mate."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 9. 30 in after- market trading."
"\"I think we have a very good chance of getting the nomination, and that's the only way we can win,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the players and the fans to know that they can get away with it."
"The government has said it will not allow any of the migrants to be sent back to Turkey, but has refused to allow them to be returned."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not a racist, but I'm not a racist in the sense of being a black person."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV has risen from 9. 5 million in 2014 to 13. 5 million in 2015."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the UK's membership of the EU in place for another four years."
"The former secretary of state has been a strong supporter of the military and has said she will not support a military intervention in Syria."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the conflict."
"I think it's important to remember that the majority of people who are in the UK are not in the UK, and they are not in the EU."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group since 2014, but the coalition has been unable to strike the group's most important targets."
"The government has said it will not raise the tax on the wealthy until the end of the decade, and that it will not raise the tax on the middle class until the end of the decade."
"\"I'm not sure that I would have been able to do that if I had been in a different situation,\" he said."
"The first is that the UK has a long- term interest in the EU, and that the EU is a good place to start."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The first thing that comes to mind is that the people who are going to be in charge of it are the people who are going to be in charge of the economy."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would review the case to determine whether it should be brought to trial."
"\"We are going to have to be very careful with the amount of money we are going to spend on infrastructure,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending $ 1. 5 billion on health care in the next fiscal year."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities in the UK and Ireland to secure the data, which is now in the hands of the FBI."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 percent to $ 16. 30 on Wednesday, their biggest one- day gain in nearly a year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the gym and get a good run in, and then I went to the gym and did a few runs."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the government has been in power for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"confident \"it would be able to meet its target of spending $ 1. 5 billion on its own research and development."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what I could do to help me."
"The government has said it wants to increase the number of people in the country who are eligible to vote to as many as possible."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The new report, released on Wednesday, shows that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the past year has risen by more than a third."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take in more than 1. 5 million refugees and migrants since it took office in January."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a little bit of fun with it, but it's a bit of a shame."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think of the number of people who are going to die is a couple of hundred thousand."
"The government is also expected to announce a new law to ensure that asylum seekers who have been granted asylum in Germany are not sent back to Turkey."
"The company said it would be able to pay the bill in full within two weeks, but would have to pay the remaining $ 1. 5 million in interest."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI's investigation of Clinton's use of a private email server was politically motivated."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law in the coming weeks to allow people to be detained without charge or trial."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for the next four years,\" he said."
"The company has been in the news recently for a number of issues, including a $ 1. 5 billion settlement with the New York Times over a story about its tax practices."
"\"It's a very difficult situation, because the government is very clear that the country will not be able to pay for the cost of the project,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the federal government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a debate about it,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the issue was raised in the House."
"The UK is the only country in the EU that does not have a single national health service, but the NHS is a vital part of our health system."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1. 6 billion in assets in the first half of this year, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 27. 35 on Wednesday, the worst day for shares in nearly a decade."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to any company or individual, and that it will not allow the sale of the land to any individual."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in September."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to a private developer unless the council is given the green light."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure we'll be able to get a good deal,\" he said."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for the past two years."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 10 percent in the past year, and it is now down nearly 40 percent in the past year."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good team, and I think we're going to be a very good team,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about the future of the United States,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third in the past year, and it has lost more than half of its value since the financial crisis."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a system that's so broken,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was found dead at her home on Monday, and police are appealing for anyone who saw her or knows anything about her death to come forward."
"The first is that the U. S. is not a member of the European Union, but it is a member of the European Union."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the people who are going to be there,\" he said."
"The report, released on Tuesday, found that the number of people who had been killed in the conflict in Syria has increased by more than a third in the past five years."
"I've been working hard to get back to where I was at the start of the season and I'm looking forward to the challenge of the Premier League season."
"The UK's first ever female prime minister has said she is \"deeply concerned \"about the impact of the Brexit vote."
"The only way to get to the bottom of what happened is to look at the evidence and see if there is anything that can be done to help us."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 50 percent since the election, and are down by more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good thing for the game, but it's not good enough,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was I went to the police and they said that I was going to be charged with assault."
"The United States has been accused of sending weapons to the Syrian government, but the United Nations says it has not yet been able to confirm the accusations."
"The company said it expects to add a further 100, 000 jobs in the first half of 2016."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were followed and that the UK was not subject to any changes to the rules."
"The company's shares are down about 20 percent this year, and its shares are down about 10 percent this year."
"The government's plan to create a new national health service is to be unveiled in the coming weeks, but the details are still being worked out."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were released on bail until the end of the trial."
"The company said the new model will be available in the UK in the second half of next year and will be available in the US by the end of the year."
"\"We have a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time and they've all been successful,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were announced on Monday, will be introduced in the first half of 2017."
"The US has been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since September 2014, and has been responsible for more than half of the deaths in the conflict."
"The UK's first minister has said the country is ready to take on the EU if it leaves."
"The government has said it will not take part in the vote, but has said that it will not take part in the referendum on EU membership."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than $ 1 billion in the past year."
"The only way to stop this is to get the right people to vote for you, and to make sure that the right people are elected."
"The government's plan would see the number of people receiving benefits cut by a further 50, 000 over the next five years."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of community and a strong sense of community that we can be a part of,\" he said."
"The company said it had also received a letter from the U. S. Department of Justice, which it said was \"not a formal complaint \"but was still investigating."
"\"I think it's a very important issue, and I think it's important to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the team to be able to get a little bit of a feel for the game,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to be able to offer more than 1, 000 new jobs in the UK in the coming year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect its customers."
"\"We're going to be doing a lot of things in the next few months,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to go into details, but I'm going to say that the United States has a very strong relationship with Russia,\" he said."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue, but the company's shares were down more than 2 percent in the past 12 months."
"\"I'm just trying to get the best out of my game, and I'm just trying to get better every day,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we're"
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was a little nervous, but I'm not going to lie, I'm a little nervous,\" he said."
"The most recent data show that the number of people who have been infected by the virus has dropped by more than half since the outbreak began."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide a full accounting of the costs of the project, which is expected to cost $ 1 billion."
"The first was the U. S. Supreme Court's decision in 2013 to allow same- sex marriage nationwide."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen to more than 2 million, with more than 2. 5 million civilians still living in areas under rebel control."
"The new rules, which were announced in a series of meetings in Brussels on Thursday, will be published in the coming days."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the first quarter, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the first quarter of 2015."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with cancer increased by more than half between 2006 and 2010."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think of the first time you go to the beach is the sand."
"The company said it expects to have revenue of $ 1. 2 billion in the first quarter of this year, up from $ 1. 8 billion in the same period last year."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 16. 30 on Thursday, their lowest price in more than two years."
"\"I'm going to be the first to say that I'm not going to be the first to say that I'm not going to be the first to say that I'm not going to be the first to say that I'm not going"
"The U. S. has been the only major country to have a law that requires employers to offer paid sick leave to employees."
"The U. S. has been on a bombing mission in Yemen since March 2015, but the U. S. has not been able to strike the country's government since late last year."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes in Syria since March 2015, when the U. S. and its allies began a campaign against ISIS."
"The government has been trying to get the UK to agree a deal on the issue, but has failed."
"\"It's a very difficult situation to be in, but I'm happy to be here,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"I'm sure there will be some people who are going to say that we are not going to do that."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 10 percent since the election, but it has been trading at around $ 1. 50 a share."
"The first thing I want to do is to get my name out there and I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that I'm not going to be the guy who gets fired."
"The new figures show that the number of people aged over 65 who have a disability has fallen by almost half since the 1980s."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 3 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who have been here for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say what the outcome is, but I'm not going to say what the outcome is,\" she said."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 2 billion in shares in the past 12 months, and that it had sold $ 1. 5 billion in the past 12 months."
"The report said that the number of people who had been diagnosed with HIV in the past year had increased by more than 50 per cent."
"The UK government has said it will not take part in the talks, which are due to start in the next few days."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent since the company's financial results were released in September."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the millions of migrants who have arrived in the country since the start of the year."
"\"I don't think there's any doubt that the United States is a great ally and a great partner in the world,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that people are getting to know each other better,\" he said."
"The two men, who were not identified, were arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and taken to a local police station."
"The company has also announced plans to expand its mobile advertising business, which it said will be worth $ 3 billion over the next five years."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government about the sale of the aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of the morning, but were released on bail, the court heard."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and I was told that I had to give evidence."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the U. S. government and that it would continue to work with the government on its efforts."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to listen to the American people,\" he said."
"The new study found that the average number of days a person was diagnosed with breast cancer was 4. 5, compared to 1. 9 days for the general population."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 20 percent since 2011."
"The company said it had been working with the US government on a settlement, but that it was not yet ready to sign the deal."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact of that is, but it's a big concern,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1 billion of assets in the first half of this year."
"The UK government is set to announce a new plan to tackle the problem of children sleeping rough in the UK."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, because it's a very sensitive topic,\" she said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 3 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working with investors to develop a strategy for the future."
"The UK government has said it will take action to ensure the UK remains in the single market and that the rights of EU citizens are protected."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year and had already seen a rise in sales."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter, but it was still far from a finished product."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, I'm just going to say that we're going to have a good relationship,\" he said."
"The only thing I can do is to try to get the ball back and get the ball back in the box and try to get the ball back in the box and get the ball back in the box."
"The first of these is the $ 1. 2 billion project to build a new rail line between London and the North East."
"The company's shares rose as much as 5 percent on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"The first thing I want to do is to get a job and get a good education, so I can get a good job, and then I can get a good education."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the government would not be able to do it without the consent of the people."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, I'm just going to say what I think is best for the club,\" he said."
"The government has said it will review the law to ensure that it is in line with the needs of the community."
"\"I think the best thing for me is to be able to be a part of the team and be able to be a part of the team that I want to be a part of,\" he said."
"The new system will be rolled out to all schools in the state, and will be rolled out to all schools in the state by the end of the year."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about the future of the sport,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because it's a good thing for the country to have a president who's going to be able to do what he needs to do to be successful,\" he said."
"The company has also said it will not be selling its shares in the UK, which is a key market for the company."
"The U. S. State Department said on Wednesday that the U. S. has no evidence that the group was involved in the Paris attacks."
"\"I'm not sure that's going to happen, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're a nation of immigrants, and we're not going to be able to do everything we want to do,\" he said."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect next year, will apply to all private schools in England."
"The new rules, which were announced in a series of meetings in Brussels on Thursday, will apply to all EU migrants."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be a great coach, but I'm going to be a great coach,\" he said."
"The report also said that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 20 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's anything wrong with that, but it's a very important part of the game,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and taken to a local police station."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what's happening in the world,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, it's a good thing for the fans, it's a good thing for the club and it's a good thing for the club,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to find the person responsible and that it was investigating the matter."
"The United States has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, which killed more than 130 people."
"The company has been under pressure to improve its image in the face of criticism from the public and from shareholders for its failure to meet its target of spending $ 1. 5 billion a year on its core business."
"The company's shares rose more than 3 percent to $ 30. 20 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the rights of its employees."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any other cases \"in which the company has been fined for violations of the law."
"The company said it was \"committed to the protection of our customers \"and the safety of its employees."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested in the early hours of the morning and taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport and the sport's reputation to be able to have a little bit of a say in what happens,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the community to know that the government is doing everything it can to help,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and that it was \"committed to the protection of the public."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it's a good thing for the fans,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm really happy with the way I've been playing."
"The former secretary of state has been a vocal supporter of the military and has said she will fight for the rights of women."
"The company has been criticised for failing to protect its customers from fraud and abuse, and for failing to protect its customers from the risks of cyber- attacks."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm not going to sit here and say it's going to be easy,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 4 percent to $ 1. 12, while the broader market was flat."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, because it's not just about the money,\" he said."
"The first thing I would say is that it is not a good thing to be a child of a single parent."
"The two- day meeting was a chance for the two sides to discuss the future of the EU and the future of the European Union."
"The only thing I can do is to try to get the best out of him and I'm not going to do that."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and tell my wife and me that I had a heart attack."
"\"I'm not sure how much it's going to cost to get the job done,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a clear vision of what we want to achieve,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state has been critical of Trump's policies, and has suggested that the president- elect might be a better candidate to lead the country."
"\"I think it's a great idea, but I don't think it's going to happen,\" he said."
"The first was a $ 1. 5 million grant from the state to build a new home for her and her two children."
"The company said it expects to report a loss of $ 1. 5 billion in the second half of the year."
"The U. S. State Department has said that the U. S. has no diplomatic relations with North Korea and that Pyongyang is not a threat to the U. S."
"The company's shares are down more than 20 percent since the announcement, and are down more than 20 percent since the company announced the plan to cut its workforce."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to do it,\" he said, adding that he would not be voting for Trump."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the investigation and was working with the authorities to identify those responsible."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you are not going to get caught up in the second one."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI on a new strategy to fight the virus."
"The first was the $ 2 billion project to build a new rail line between the city and the suburbs."
"The couple, who have been together for more than a decade, have been married for more than 30 years and have two children together."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working on a new product."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to be in the middle of a war,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people you work with,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing that can be said is that we've got to get on with it,\" he said."
"The US- led coalition has been carrying out airstrikes in Syria since March 2015, but has yet to take part in any strikes in Iraq."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to take control of the land, which is owned by the state."
"\"I think the only way to get a good result is to get a good result in the first game,\" he said."
"The government's plan to cut the number of public- sector jobs by a third is expected to be approved by the assembly on Thursday."
"The government's response is to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems, but it is not clear how it will work."
"The company has been in talks with the US government, but has yet to receive a response from the US government."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, but I think it's a big deal because it's a big deal,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's the end of the world, but I'm not going to say it's the end of the world,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're seeing a lot of people who are interested in this,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 2 billion in compensation from the U. S. government since it was founded in 1998."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people come out and vote,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not going to be able to do this alone,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"free trial of the app in the coming months."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"\"I think the only way to do that is to get the best possible deal for the UK,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the team,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I think it's a good thing."
"The company's shares were down 1. 6 percent at $ 14. 10, while the S & P 500 index was up 1. 2 percent at $ 1. 21."
"\"We have to be careful, because if you're going to be a good team, you have to be good at it,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was found dead at the scene, according to the police."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the first time in a decade."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the middle of it,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been diagnosed with the condition had fallen by more than half since the early 1980s."
"The U. S. is not the only country to have a problem with the Zika virus, with the Zika virus affecting more than 90 percent of the population in Brazil."
"\"I think it's a very, very good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to go out and do what he's doing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we are facing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and was looking to expand into the UK."
"The number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"The first thing I want to say to my players is that we are not going to be able to win a game on Sunday."
"The United Nations says more than 3, 000 people have been killed since the start of the conflict in March 2015."
"The first thing you do is ask yourself if you want to be a good dad to your child."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been killed by guns in the past year has fallen by more than half since the 1990s."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria for more than a year, but the U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq for more than a year, but the U. S"
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's announcement in July."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested in a suburb of Paris on Wednesday and is being held in a police station."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue, but added that it would continue to monitor the situation."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"trade agreement with the EU, but has yet to make a final decision."
"\"It's not a big deal, it's not a big deal, it's not a big deal, it's not a big deal,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively working to resolve the matter \"and that it would not be changing its business model."
"The first was a woman who was not a member of the church but was a member of the church and was married to a man who was a member of the church."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the deal and said it was \"committed to the UK's position \"in the European Union."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not the only ones that are affected by this,\" he said."
"\"We have to be able to get a good result in the second half of the season,\" he said."
"The UK government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm happy to be here,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold more than 2, 000 of its cars in the first half of the year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to have a new president,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the American people are not just going to elect a president,\" he said."
"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm sure we will see it in the next few weeks."
"The first thing you need to do is to get a good deal, and then you can get a good deal for the people who are paying for it."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to play again, but I'm looking forward to it,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal."
"The U. S. has been on high alert for attacks in the past, including one in Paris in November that killed 130 people."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital for treatment."
"The company's shares were down 1. 9 percent at $ 3. 23 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares fell as much as 10 percent on Thursday, and they have lost more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it had cut its workforce by about half."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 50 percent since the news broke, and they have lost more than $ 1. 5 billion in the last three years."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion in Series B funding, and that it would continue to invest in the company."
"The report said the government was committed to ensuring that the UK had a \"safe, secure and affordable \"internet for its citizens."
"The first thing I want to say is that I am not a politician, I am not a politician, I am not a politician,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"The new study, published in the journal Science, suggests that the process of learning is a process of learning, and that the brain is the most important part of the process."
"The company said it had also raised $ 3. 6 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK, and he was."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible customer experience \"and that it was working to improve customer service."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are making these decisions are the ones who have the power,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State since the group declared a state of emergency in late 2014."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 3 billion in sales in the first half of this year, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period a year ago."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from private investors and that it had raised $ 1. 8 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 20 percent."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country and the world to have a president who is willing to stand up for the American people,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will appeal the decision, and the Justice Department has said it will not appeal it."
"\"I'm not going to be the guy who says, \"I'm not going to be the guy who says \"I'm not going to be the guy who says \"I'm not going to be the guy who says \"I'm"
"The United States and Russia have been engaged in a long- drawn- out war in Syria since 2011, with the United States and its allies supporting the government of President Bashar al- Assad."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have been at odds over Syria since the Syrian government began a campaign of air strikes against rebel groups in March 2015."
"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with and the people you're working with."
"\"I'm not going to say what the results are, but I'm going to say what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were announced on Thursday, will be implemented by the end of the year, the company said in a statement."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Department of Education on a settlement."
"The company has said it will be working with the U. S. Department of Justice to help it bring the case."
"The first thing you have to do is to get yourself in the right frame of mind and then you can go out there and play."
"\"I think we're going to be able to do a lot of things that we're not going to be able to do in the future,\" he said."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to improve its record in the wake of the scandal, which it said was the worst in its history."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Wednesday morning, according to a police statement, and were taken to a local hospital."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of checks, which will be rolled out across the country."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of a bit of a break,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the president- elect is going to be able to use his executive powers to do so,\" he said."
"The government has said it is working with the private sector to help the government identify the best way to improve the health of the population."
"The first thing I did was to go to a friend's house and find out what was going on."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who's going to be able to do things that are going to make a difference,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the incident and would provide a report to Congress in the next few weeks."
"The company's shares fell more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced a plan to close its stores in the U. S. and Mexico."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and they are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say anything, but I'm not going to say anything that's going to make people think I'm not going to be president,\" he said."
"The company's shares were up more than 1 percent at $ 23. 30 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 30 percent."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the government and the people,\" she said."
"The former secretary of state has been critical of the Obama administration's handling of the crisis in Aleppo, Syria's largest city."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to get a little bit of a rest,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the future of the country,\" he said, adding that the country needs to be able to support the EU."
"The government has said it will not be taking action until the UK has a clear plan of how it will deal with the issue."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and tell them I was going to take my son to the police station."
"The government has been criticised for failing to act on the issue, with some MPs saying the government's plan to tackle the issue was too ambitious."
"The government has been accused of failing to protect the rights of the people who are being forced to leave their homes."
"The former secretary of state is the only candidate in the race who has not endorsed the Republican nominee, Donald Trump."
"The new rules, which are expected to be announced in the coming weeks, are part of a wider package of measures to tackle the problem."
"The government has been criticised for failing to act on the threat of the virus in the country, which has been hit by a series of deadly attacks."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to take into account the impact on the economy of the impact of Brexit on the UK's trade relationship with the EU."
"I'm not saying it's the best of times, but it's a good time to be a woman in the workplace."
"\"I think the first thing you should do is to get out of the car and go to the bathroom,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 3 percent to $ 15. 30 on Thursday, their biggest weekly gain since March."
"The company said it would continue to provide support to the local community and to the police and fire departments as needed."
"\"We are going to have a very tough time in the next few months,\" he said in an interview."
"The company's shares were down about 2% at $ 28. 52 on Thursday after the announcement."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the company's board and was working with its management team."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but had not yet received a response."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year and is down more than 50 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not sure that I'm ready to go back to the United States,\" he said."
"\"I don't think we're going to have a good relationship with Russia,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if Russia was involved in cyber attacks against the U. S. election."
"The company's shares were down 2. 4 percent at $ 23. 65 on Wednesday, and were down 2. 1 percent at $ 23. 25 in the morning."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide a guarantee of the rights of the disabled and the elderly, and for failing to provide for the needs of the most vulnerable."
"The company said it had been working to improve customer service and had been given a \"good deal \"on the service."
"The US has been the most vocal in its opposition to the deal, with more than 100 countries signing a letter to the US Congress."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it's going to be a very good year,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I have been very clear that I want to be a part of the solution."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in debt from investors."
"The new rules will apply to all of the UK's biggest companies, including the biggest banks, which will be subject to them."
"The U. S. government has said it will not take sides in the Syrian civil war, but the United Nations has said it will not take sides in the war in Yemen."
"The US has been in talks with Turkey on a ceasefire in Syria, but the Turkish government has said it is ready to take back territory."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 14. 30 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was up more than 2 percent."
"The company has been in talks with the government about a possible sale of the property, which is owned by the family of Prince William."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to report a net income of $ 1. 2 billion for the three months to June 30, up from $ 1. 4 billion a year earlier."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and tell them I was going to go to the police station and get a lawyer."
"The company said it expects to add more than 1, 000 jobs in the next 12 months, with the number of people it expects to hire expected to increase."
"The only thing I can think of is that I'm going to be able to get my kids out of the house."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in this position now, because we're in a good position,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea for a child to be in a situation where they are not safe,\" she said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 2. 4 billion in debt from investors."
"The company said it was \"committed to improving the customer experience \"and said it had been \"working closely with the customer \"to improve customer service."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a candidate for president of the United States,\" he said in an interview."
"\"I'm not going to go into the details of what happened, but I'm going to say that I was in the car with him,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and to have a good time,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get back to the top of the league,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the middle of a recession,\" he said."
"The government is also looking at the possibility of a new law that would require all public bodies to have a \"clear and present danger \"to public safety."
"\"I don't think we have a lot of time to do it,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to let this go to waste."
"The U. S. has been involved in a number of high- profile cases of Zika virus infection in the United States, including a case in Texas in 2014."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state, who has been critical of the Republican Party's nominee, has said she would not support Trump."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, and that it was in talks with investors about a possible sale."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and public services."
"The company's shares are down more than 10 percent this year and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will not take any action until it has been properly investigated by the independent watchdog."
"The couple had been planning to have a baby, but decided to wait until the baby was born before they had any money."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this, and we're doing it with a lot of people,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that, but we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to have a little bit of a break from the game,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful, because if we don't, we're going to be in a very difficult position,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have a very strong team, we're going to have a very strong team, and we're going to have a very strong team,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the sport and it's a great thing for the sport to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it would not be able to provide any further details about the incident until the investigation was complete."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in the first quarter, and it expects to raise $ 2. 3 billion in the next three years."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to be detained without charge for up to six months."
"\"I think it's important to remember that this is a very serious matter,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club and the players to be able to have that opportunity,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down more than 10 percent this year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent this year."
"The two- year- old has been in a state of shock after being diagnosed with the disease in her mother's arms."
"I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not, but I'm not sure that's a bad thing."
"\"I'm not going to be a candidate for president, but I'm going to be a candidate for the people of this country,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20% since the start of the year, and it has lost nearly $ 1. 5 billion in value in the last year."
"The company said it had also been working with the FBI on a new counter- terrorism strategy."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it was \"committed to continuing to operate the business \"as it has been since it was founded in 2005."
"The company said it had been working on a new strategy for the company, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year."
"The first of the two- year- old children, who was born in July, is due to be born in August."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, \"because I'm not in the position to do it."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to improve its safety record and to make its cars safer, but the company has been hit with a series of safety regulations."
"The government has said it is committed to the deal, but has not yet agreed on how it will be implemented."
"\"I'm not going to lie, it's a great feeling to be out there and playing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about the issues that we're facing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how you can say that you're not going to be able to win a game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this,\" he said, adding that the government would be \"very, very happy \"to see the project go ahead."
"The U. S. is the world's largest oil producer, with more than $ 10 trillion in revenue."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and he told me that I had a heart attack."
"\"We have to be careful not to get too carried away with the idea that we are all in the same boat,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm too young, or if it's because I'm too old, but I don't think it's a big deal."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be very clear about what I will do,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a number of complaints from customers who had complained that the service was not working properly."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm pretty sure I'm going to be a pretty good coach,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries, and the girl was taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"The company has also announced plans to invest $ 1 billion in a new headquarters in San Francisco and a new office in Los Angeles."
"The company's shares rose more than 20 percent to $ 3. 27 in after- market trading."
"\"I think we're going to have a really good year,\" he said, \"and we're going to have a really good team."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in the UK."
"The government has also said it will not be able to take action against the company if it continues to operate in the UK."
"\"I'm not going to go into it too much, but I'm going to say this: I'm not going to go into it too much,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we're getting a lot of the younger players in the league."
"I'm not sure if that's the right word, but I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a part of that."
"The company said it expects to add more than 1, 000 jobs in the next five years, and that the number of people who work in the technology sector will grow by more than 10 percent annually."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local hospital and get a blood test, but I was told that it was too late."
"\"I don't know if it's the right time to say it, but I'm not going to say it,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticised for its handling of the crisis in Flint, which has led to the deaths of more than 1, 000 people."
"The government's plan to introduce a new minimum wage in the next five years will be welcomed by many economists."
"The company's shares fell more than 3 percent to $ 24. 30 on Wednesday, after the company announced it would lay off 1, 000 workers."
"The government's announcement comes after the government announced that it will introduce a new law in the next parliament that will make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 11. 95 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 8 billion in the first quarter."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport because it's a great way to get people to do something,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take in more than a million refugees from Syria and Iraq, and has said it is committed to taking in as many as possible."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to do it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"\"It's a very important game and I think it's important for the club to get the result,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital for treatment for a head injury, police said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 2 billion in the fourth quarter."
"The UK is the only country in the EU that has a minimum age of 18 and the minimum age for asylum- seekers is 18."
"The U. S. government has said it will not be able to provide assistance to the government of the Syrian government, which has been accused of using chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war."
"\"I'm not sure how many people will be able to get into the stadium and see the game,\" he said."
"I don't think that's the case here, but I think it's a very good thing for the country."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 30. 35 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good team, but I don't think it's a good thing to have a bad team,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 2 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that we get to a point where we can say, \"We have a problem."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but it had not yet received the required approval."
"The company said it was \"actively investigating \"the allegations and would provide a statement to the media if necessary."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter of 2016."
"\"I'm not going to say what I think about it, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its stock has fallen more than 30 percent in the last three years."
"I'm not sure what the answer is, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has risen by more than 20 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to address the issue."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the details of the investigation, but I'm going to say that we have to find out what happened,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to listen to the American people,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really excited to get the job,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about a possible deal but that it was not yet ready to sign the deal."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"\"We are going to have a very tough fight, but we are going to win,\" he said."
"The government is also planning to increase the number of police officers in the country by at least 10, 000 by 2020."
"\"It's a very important game and I think we'll be able to put some good points on the board,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's because of the fact that I'm not a good coach, or maybe because I'm not a good person."
"\"It's not a big deal, but it's a big deal to me,\" he said, adding that he would like to see the government take action."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who are going to be very upset,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 100, 000 since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company has been under pressure to cut costs in recent years, but the company's net profit fell to $ 1. 3 billion in the third quarter."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and they are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 6. 28, while the S & P 500 index closed up 1. 2 percent."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the deadline, which is set by the end of March."
"The U. S. State Department said on Tuesday that it would review the emails and make a decision on whether to release them."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a police station for questioning."
"The government has also said it is looking into the possibility of a new law that would allow the government to impose a tax on the sale of alcohol."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the rights of its employees."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict."
"The company said it had already sold more than 1, 000 of the cars, and that it had sold more than 1, 000 of the vehicles in the past 12 months."
"\"We have to be able to be in the game and we have to be able to be in the game and we have to be able to be in the game,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working to improve its customer service and had been working with the police to investigate the incident."
"The former secretary of state is also the only candidate in the race who has not endorsed Donald Trump for president."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to,\" he said."
"The first was a $ 1. 2 billion loan from the Federal Reserve to help fund the country's energy needs."
"The company's shares are down more than 20 percent this year, and are trading at about $ 3. 74."
"The UK is the only country in the world that doesn't have a national health service, and that's a huge problem."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of a voice in the world,\" he said."
"The company said it had also received a letter from the company's chief executive, who said it was \"not in a position to comment \"on the matter."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to improve its practices, but it has been slow to respond."
"The first of these was the first time that I had ever been in a room with a woman who wasn't my wife."
"The United States, which has been bombing Islamic State in Syria and Iraq since 2014, has also been involved in the fighting."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next few years."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Justice Department to determine how the company's software could be used to target the United States."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are still a country that has a very strong military,\" he said."
"The new study found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes has increased from 1. 1 million in the 1990s to more than 2. 1 million in 2015."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of the house, and then I took a picture of the car."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Saturday morning and taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in equity from investors."
"The company said it expects to report a net profit of $ 1. 5 billion for the fiscal year ending in March 2017."
"The first thing I did was to go to the gym and I was like, I don't know what I'm doing."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that the next president will be a very different person,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developers until the land is cleared."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to continue to improve its performance."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors and was in discussions with investors."
"The government's new law, which was introduced last year, will allow the government to impose fines of up to $ 1, 000 on companies that fail to meet minimum standards."
"The U. S. has been at war with the Taliban since 2001, but the U. S. military has been fighting the Taliban since 2001, and the U. S. has been fighting the Taliban since 2014."
"The company's shares were down 0. 9 percent at $ 14. 30 on Thursday, and were down 0. 7 percent at $ 14. 30 on Thursday."
"I've been in the business for 30 years, and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation now,\" he said, adding that the state of emergency was lifted in time for the start of the new school year in April."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a little bit of a laugh,\" she said."
"The government has said it will take the case to the Supreme Court, which is expected to rule in the next few weeks."
"\"I think the people of the state of New York have a right to know what the state has been doing for the last 30 years,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has opened an investigation into the Clinton Foundation, which was run by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, as well as her personal email account."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"\"I'm not sure what the point is of having a team that's not going to be able to win games,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the US government about the deal, but it has yet to sign it."
"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of it are in charge of it, and I think it's a good thing that we're in the position that we are in."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee,\" Trump said at a rally in South Carolina."
"The company said it had been in talks with a number of major banks, but had not yet been able to reach a deal."
"\"It's a very difficult time for the country, especially in the wake of the recent terrorist attacks in France,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state has been a leading voice for women's rights in the U. S. and is a key ally of President Barack Obama."
"\"We're going to have a very, very tough fight,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the government."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and get the police report on the incident."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure we'll be able to get a good deal."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors in 2015, and it expects to raise $ 3 billion in the fourth quarter."
"I think it's a good thing for the sport because it's a great way to get back into the game."
"The company's shares fell more than 2 percent to $ 17. 32 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 30 percent."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 20 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best possible experience \"in the online shopping experience."
"The government has said it will not be able to take the money from the fund until the end of 2017."
"\"I think it is very important for the United States to do what is right for the United States and for the world,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition has risen from 1. 3 million in 2014 to 2. 1 million in 2015."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, while shares of Apple fell by more than 2 percent."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say in the press, and that's what we're doing,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide a clear picture of how it will tackle the problem."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the results, which were the first time it had done so for more than a decade."
"The fact that he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a"
"The first is that the UK should not be part of the single market, and that the EU should not be a part of the single market."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other agencies to determine how the data was used."
"The new law, which is expected to take effect next year, will allow for the first time in the history of the country that a woman can be elected president."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a big deal,\" he said of the new rules."
"The company's shares rose more than 3 percent to $ 15. 27 in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for us to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say what I think is the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The fact that we have a new president, a new Congress, a new president- that's what we're going to do."
"The U. S. has been on a bombing mission in Yemen since mid- 2014, and the U. S. has been involved in a number of strikes against Islamic State militants."
"\"I think it's important for people to know that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be able to get out of this situation,\" she said."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with cancer in the past year has increased by more than half."
"\"I'm not sure how to explain it, but I think it's a very, very sad thing,\" he said."
"The first is that the UK's economy is not in a position to respond to the EU's plans to leave."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding to the project, which is expected to cost $ 3. 5 billion."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be in the White House,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to hospital for treatment and his injuries were not life- threatening, the police said."
"The company has said it will not be making any changes to the way it processes payments, but it will be making changes to how it processes payments."
"The first is that the government should be more aggressive in its efforts to tackle the problem of illegal immigration, which accounts for more than a third of the UK's immigration."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut about 1, 000 jobs."
"The company has been criticised for not doing enough to ensure the safety of its employees and customers, and for not taking action to protect them."
"The company said in a statement that it had already been in discussions with the government and that it would be making changes to its business model."
"\"It's not a good feeling to be in the position that we're in, but I'm happy to be in it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement and was confident it would be completed by the end of the year."
"The company said it expects revenue to be between $ 1. 5 billion and $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter of 2016."
"The first thing I did was to get the ball out of his hands and I could see he was trying to get it back."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he could help me with my hair."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The new system will allow the government to give councils the power to decide how to spend money, but it is not clear how much will be spent."
"\"I'm not sure how many people would have been affected by that, but I think it would have been a lot more than that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in this position now,\" he said, adding that he was \"not surprised \"by the decision."
"The first is that the government is not going to make the decision on the future of the NHS, but the government is going to make it."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure you're not going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation where"
"The UK's first female prime minister has been named as the next head of the Conservative party, the party's official website has revealed."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy, but I'm not going to say it's going to be impossible,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital with serious injuries, police said."
"The two sides have been in talks since the start of the year, but the talks have been suspended in the wake of the Paris attacks."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law that will make it easier for people to get a job."
"The only way to get a better deal is to get a better deal for the American people, and that's what we're going to do."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's first public offering in 2014."
"\"I'm not going to be in the position of saying that I'm not going to be in the position,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure it will be a good thing for the club."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent to $ 9. 30 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 4 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get a blood test to see if I was OK."
"\"I don't think that's a bad thing, because I think it's a good thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in the UK, but it has not said how much it will invest."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The company has also announced plans to expand its workforce by 50, 000 by the end of 2017, to about 1. 5 million by the end of 2018."
"\"I'm not going to say it was a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it was a bad thing,\" he said."
"The government's new strategy to tackle the issue will be published on Wednesday, with the first draft due to be published in the autumn."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the US government and that it was looking to the company to help it secure a licence for the site."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it is now down more than 50 percent."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"\"I'm not going to go into details, but I think it's important to understand the situation,\" he said."
"The first thing I would do is to make sure that we are in a position to get the best possible deal."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a good president,\" Trump said in an interview with The New York Times."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new- car sales in the city."
"\"I'm not sure how I feel about the whole thing, but I do feel like I'm in a better place,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be the guy who's going to go to jail for a crime I didn't commit,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, require companies to keep records of their sales and profits for at least three years."
"I don't think it's a good idea to have a child with a disability who is not in the same boat as you."
"\"I think the best thing for me is to go out there and play my best tennis and make the most of it,\" he said."
"The first is that the UK is not a member of the EU, and the second is that the UK is not a member of the single market."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the law enforcement agency was aware of the issue."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent since the company announced its plan to cut its workforce by half."
"The first thing I did was go to the local police station and they told me that they had found a body."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a specific date for the announcement, but it said it was \"closely monitoring \"the situation."
"The government has also said it will not be able to offer a free pass to migrants who have not yet applied for asylum in the country."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the city's infrastructure and improve the quality of life."
"\"I think it's important to have a clear vision of what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in the UK and Ireland, and will invest in the UK as well as the US, Europe and Asia."
"The U. S. has been a key ally of the Syrian government in the fight against the Islamic State group, and has been a key partner in the fight against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria."
"The company said it had already raised $ 2. 2 billion from investors in the United States and Europe, and that it was expecting a second round of funding in the second half of 2016."
"The company said it had sold more than 1. 5 million shares of its parent company in the last 12 months."
"The company's shares are up more than 20 percent this year, and are trading at about $ 10."
"The company said it was \"confident \"it would get the deal done, and that it would be able to keep its stock price."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a full accounting of the company's losses, but it said it would provide a statement of loss."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1 percent on Thursday, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project and would continue to work with the city to ensure it is completed."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that, but we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but was not yet ready to release a final decision."
"The two- time Olympic champion said she had been in touch with the team's medical team and was hopeful they would be able to help her."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace in a decade."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the company announced the plan in May."
"The government has also said it will not allow the UK to leave the EU without a deal on the terms of a deal with the EU."
"The company said it was \"closely monitoring \"the situation and would provide \"all necessary assistance \"to the authorities."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with a number of other companies about the project, but it had not received a response from them."
"I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do in the next couple of weeks, but I'm going to try to do it."
"The man was arrested at the scene and taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital where he was treated for his injuries."
"The company said it had received \"a number of complaints \"from customers about the issue, but it had not received any complaints from the government."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, which would be paid by the wealthy."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we're able to have a conversation about this,\" she said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice, the Department of Health and Human Services and the Federal Trade Commission."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been arrested for drug offences fell by more than 40 per cent."
"The man who was shot in the head and the woman who was shot in the leg were not identified."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it was closing its doors."
"The U. S. has been the world's biggest oil producer for more than a decade, but it is also the world's largest producer of natural gas."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Department of Health and Human Services."
"\"I think it's a very important issue, and I think it's important to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed \"to its mission to provide a safe, secure and affordable way for people to buy and sell goods and services."
"The first of the two was a bit of a surprise, but the third one was a big surprise."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in late 2014."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 35. 34 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares have lost more than half of their value since the start of the year, and are down nearly 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 10 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"\"I'm not sure that I would have done that if I hadn't been in the car,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a child with a disability,\" she said."
"The company said it expects the number of people who use its service to increase by about 10 percent over the next year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but it has not yet been able to sign the deal."
"\"I think it's important that we have a strong, strong, strong, strong voice in the United States Senate,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to understand that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president of the United States are going to be people who are going to be in charge of the next president of the United States"
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"she said."
"\"We're going to have to be more careful about what we say and what we say about what we're going to say about the future of the country,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a clear picture of what's going on,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on a bombing mission in Yemen since mid- March, and has been accused of war crimes by the United Nations."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, and the new rules will be published in the autumn."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent on Wednesday, and they are down more than 2 percent in the past year."
"The man was taken to hospital with serious injuries, but his condition was not known, the police said."
"The two sides have been in talks for more than a year, but the talks have not been concluded and the sides are still not in agreement."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be able to do a lot of things."
"\"I don't think there's anything wrong with it,\" he said, adding that he had not yet decided whether to run for president."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll see a lot of growth,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not raise the tax on the wealthy until it has a clear plan of how it will pay for it."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to its customers, and that it was \"committed to ensuring that customers are able to enjoy the best possible service \"to the company."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" Trump said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything, but I'm not going to say anything that's going to hurt me,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the deal is, but I'm going to keep working hard and I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm looking forward to it,\" she said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission, but it has not yet decided on a date for the talks."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to say I'm not excited about the next couple of weeks,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I'm sure he'll be able to,\" he said."
"The UK is one of the most important trading partners in the world, and the UK is one of the most important trading partners in the world, and the UK is one of the most important trading partners in the world, and the UK is"
"I'm not sure how long it will take for the company to get back to the level of the original plan."
"The government's plan to introduce a new minimum wage of \u00a3 7. 20 an hour is being challenged by Labour MPs."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law that would make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The two sides have been locked in a bitter row over the fate of a number of prisoners who have been held in the camp since the start of the year."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new- car sales, and will apply to all new- car sales made in Britain."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to make sure that we have the best possible opportunity for the future,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the negotiations and would \"continue to work with the parties \"on a range of issues."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday as the company's shares fell more than 10 per cent in the past 12 months."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in the first half of this year, with $ 1. 6 billion in the second half."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading, and were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading."
"The report also said that the number of people who had been injured in the attacks was on the rise, with the number of injuries reported in the past year rising by more than 40 per cent."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the deal, but has been criticised for not doing so."
"The only thing that's changed is the fact that I've been able to do a lot of things that I've never done before."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players, and for the club as a whole,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe, secure and efficient environment for all employees \"and that it would continue to work with the federal government to improve safety."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people that I have with,\" he said."
"The government is also trying to convince the public that it is doing more to help the economy than to help the wealthy."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors in the last two years and had raised $ 1. 1 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but has not yet decided whether to sell."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best experience possible \"and that the changes were in line with the company's long- term strategy."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS have a responsibility to ensure that they are doing the right thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of my daughter and I thought it was a good idea."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the game, and I think it's a good thing for the sport,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to do that, and I think that's the best way to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation, because we're in this situation,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 1 billion in funding from private investors, and that it was working to raise $ 2 billion in the next three years."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local branch and ask them to send me a check."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie"
"The two- year- old has been in a state of shock since her mother's death in September."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Thursday morning and taken to a police station, where they were questioned by officers."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators to make the changes, and the company said it would not be changing its business model."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to find a replacement for the device, but that it would be able to offer a replacement for the device for $ 50, 000."
"The company said it was \"not aware of any reports of any suspicious activity \"in the area."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to say what they think, and I think that's what we're going to do."
"\"I'm not saying that I'm going to be a great president, but I'm going to be a great president,\" Trump said."
"\"I think it's a good idea to get a lot of people to come out and vote,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"The first thing I would say is that we have to get the right people in there, and I think that's what we've got to do."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in a nearby town and taken to a police station."
"The company's shares are up more than 20 percent since the announcement, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it."
"The first thing you have to do is make sure you're not going to get a penalty and that's what we've done."
"The company's shares have lost about $ 1. 5 million since the election, but they are up more than 20 percent this year."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed by police in England and Wales has increased by almost one per cent since 2010."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a guy who's going to be able to take care of the team,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who were involved in the incident was \"very small \"and that the incident was not linked to the recent attacks in Paris."
"The company has said it will be \"fully engaged \"in the talks, which will take place in Geneva next week."
"The company's shares have fallen nearly 10 percent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of friends together and I was like, \"I'm going to go and see her."
"The government has said it will take action to address the problem, but has yet to make a decision on whether to do so."
"\"We are very disappointed that the court has not granted the petition for leave to appeal,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be very clear about what I'm going to do,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of its latest survey of its employees, which it said showed a \"significant \"rise in the number of people who had been laid off."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 3 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the same period last year."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure we'll see a lot of different things."
"The UK is one of the few countries in Europe to have a free trade agreement with the EU, but it is not the only one."
"The first thing I did was to look at the video and see if I could make it look better."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get back to the top of the league and to be a part of that,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive, according to the hospital."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks and will be published in the autumn."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"with the company's board of directors and was in talks with the company's board of directors."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming months, and will be introduced in the UK for the first time in more than 20 years."
"The company said it was working with the federal government to identify the people who were responsible for the breach."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the sport to be able to say, \"We're going to do this."
"The government has been criticised for not doing enough to protect the environment from the effects of climate change, and for failing to take action to protect the environment."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a new contract for the next three years."
"The new rules, which were announced last week, will apply to the first 100 days of the new year."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by about 10, 000 by the end of the year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 23. 45, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 1 percent."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion from investors in the first quarter, and that it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in the second quarter."
"\"We're going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in public,\" he said."
"The group said it was also planning to launch a new website, which it said would be launched in 2017."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and customers \"families."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong team that can get the job done,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 30, or 1. 4 percent, to $ 45. 50 on Wednesday."
"The former secretary of state, who is also a former secretary of state, said she was \"very disappointed \"with the results of the election."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to be able to have a conversation about this,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to go into details, but I think it's a good idea to go in there and talk to the players,\" he said."
"\"It's a great way to get to know the people you're going to be working with,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and they have lost more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of people involved in the process,\" he said."
"The company said it was working on a new product that would allow users to send messages to their friends and family."
"The company said it would take a \"very, very long time \"to reach its goal of $ 1 billion in revenue."
"The former secretary of state, who has been a vocal supporter of Israel's right to exist, has also been a vocal supporter of the Palestinian cause."
"\"I'm not going to say that it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed by guns in the United States has increased by more than 50 percent since 1999."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 1 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Trump Organization."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of the conversation,\" he said in an interview with the Associated Press."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about the future of the UK is the prospect of a Brexit."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very happy with the way I've played and I'm very pleased with the way I've played."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 2. 5 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 8 billion in the same period last year."
"The new law, which was passed in 2013, will take effect in 2017, and will be applied to all new and existing businesses."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law in the coming weeks to allow people to keep their guns for self- defence."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the outcome of this election, but I will say this: I'm not going to say anything about the outcome of this election,\" he said."
"The new study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, also found that the average number of days a woman is on the drug is about three."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, and that it will not seek to impose new rules on the NHS."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 55 on Wednesday, but they are up more than 3 percent this year."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the results."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 3 billion in revenue in the second half of 2016, up from $ 1. 4 billion in the first half."
"The company said it would take a \"very long time \"to get the new software to market, but it is now ready to begin work on the software."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's good,\" he said."
"The company has been in discussions with the U. S. government and other countries about the possibility of using the technology, according to the company's website."
"The company's shares fell as much as 5 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday after the company said it had sold off some of its assets."
"The company said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal the decision."
"The most important thing is to get the best out of the players and I think that's what we've done."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a kid,\" he said, adding that he would not have had the experience of having a child if he had not been involved in the debate."
"The company said it expects to add more than 2, 000 jobs in the next three years, and that the number of new jobs will be even higher."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the fire, but that it was too early to say if the fire was related to the investigation."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its staff."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Department of Education to determine how to address the issue."
"The company's shares have lost about $ 1. 5 million in the past year, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the deadline, but it is unlikely to be a long- term solution."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, and I think it's a good thing for the fans,\" he said."
"The company said it expects to report a profit of $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The first thing I did was to go to a friend's house and get a coffee and talk to him."
"The company's shares are down about 1 percent this year, and are down about 1. 5 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of community, and that's what we're trying to do,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a big deal, but I think it's a big deal for the sport, because it's the only thing that matters."
"\"I think the best thing for us is to get the ball in the right place and get the ball in the right place,\" he said."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced by the end of the year, but the company has already said it will not be making any changes."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with the UK's prime minister calling for the country to be given the chance to act."
"The new rules, which will be announced next week, are part of a broader effort to improve the safety of the public."
"The U. S. military has been conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria since mid- 2014, but the group has not been able to launch a major offensive in the country."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and had raised more than $ 1 billion in debt."
"The first is that the government is not going to be able to make a decision on the future of the NHS unless the Government is willing to listen to the people of Scotland."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, and the government has said it will introduce a bill to do just that."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government about a possible sale of the aircraft, but the sale was not scheduled to take place until next year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the new rules were not implemented, adding that it would continue to work with the government on the issue."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"\"I think the people who are in the business of selling the product are the ones who are going to be the ones who are going to be the ones who are going to be the ones who are going to be the ones who are going"
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the country and for the world,\" he said in an interview with the BBC."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new hospital because of the cost of the new building."
"The company's shares fell as much as 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday as the news of the recall spread."
"I'm not sure what the outcome will be, but I think it's going to be a very good result."
"The first was the fact that he was a man of the people, and the second was the fact that he was a man of the people, and the third was that he was a man of the people."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to increase the number of people who could apply for asylum."
"The new rules will be announced on Thursday, and will be in place for a period of two years."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its staff."
