"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but had not yet decided whether to pursue it."
"\"I'm not sure that I'll be able to do it in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and said it would continue to invest in the UK."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial move to cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors and was looking to raise $ 3 billion in the first quarter."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that I'll be able to do a lot of things,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"\"We're going to have to make sure that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 8 billion in debt from investors."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a blood test, which was a bit of a shock."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of workers who are not employed by the company."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of the public."
"The first thing I did was to go and see the doctor and I was told that I was going to have to go back to work."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about a possible sale, but the deal was not final."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new contract until the end of the current contract."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue and said it would be working with the police to ensure the safety of its employees."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the public."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The first thing I did was to ask the people in the audience to come up with a song that they could all agree on."
"\"It's a very important moment for us and we're going to be working very hard to get it right,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not the people who are making decisions about the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the fire."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money, and that it will not be able to pay the interest on it."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private equity firms."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and tell him that I was going to have surgery."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares have lost more than 20 percent of their value since the start of the year."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, but has not yet been approved."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the source of the information."
"The company said it would be \"very hard \"to raise $ 1 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are responsible for this are the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are"
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but had not yet received a response."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 14. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to bring the project to a close."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project for several months and that it had been in discussions with the government about the project for several months."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B round from Chinese investors."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said had helped it to improve its business."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including the Chinese government, and was working with investors in the U. S. and Europe."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The U. S. has been in a state of war with North Korea for more than a decade."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and had been in talks with the city for more than a year."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract until the new contract is completed."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Education about the matter."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 11. 40 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year, but was not ready to announce it."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but had not yet received a response from Apple."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 per cent at $ 30. 16 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 per cent."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 57, while the shares of other companies fell as much as 1. 5 percent."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, but had not yet decided whether to sell."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a blood test, and I was told that I was not going to be able to go."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent to $ 14. 60 on Wednesday, their lowest level in more than two years."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the game, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was wrong with my heart."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to have a little bit of a break,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion from investors in the past 12 months and that it expects to raise $ 3 billion in the current fiscal year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the fourth quarter."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was considering a new contract with the government."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the government has a responsibility to the people of this country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 2 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new tax on the sale of luxury cars, which will be introduced in 2017."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who is going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not the people who are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but that it had not yet been tested in the U. S. market."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we've got a lot of people who are willing to do that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it had been working with the FBI to investigate the matter."
"The company's shares were down 1 percent at $ 16. 50 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 percent."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost nearly half of its value since the start of 2015."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, and that it was considering the proposal."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department to determine whether the company should be fined."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and that it was working on a new product for the next year."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law that would make it easier for people to buy a home."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to know that we're not going to be the same again,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been in a state of emergency since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks that killed more than 100, 000 people."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and that it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in capital from investors."
"The company's shares were down 2. 7 percent at $ 1. 16, while the S & P 500 index was up 1. 8 percent."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor, and I was told that I was going to have to go to the hospital."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced plans to close its doors."
"The company has been in talks with the government about a possible deal, but it has yet to receive a response."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for the public to know that the government is not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax on the sale of alcohol, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and to ensuring the safety of all customers."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the rights of its workers."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"over- the- counter version of the drug in the UK."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted between July and September."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had a $ 1. 5 billion goal in the first quarter."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work that we do,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to continue to improve its performance."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, and was expected to raise $ 3. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 14. 50 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission about the deal, but the talks were not concluded."
"The company's shares were down more than 5 percent at $ 40. 60 on Thursday, after the company announced plans to cut its workforce by about half."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for its employees \"and was committed to continuing to provide a safe and secure environment for its employees."
"\"I'm not going to be the guy that's going to be the leader of the free world,\" he said."
"The company's shares have lost more than a quarter of their value since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new school until the new school is built."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 16. 30 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 9 billion."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government about a possible sale of the aircraft, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"The company has been in talks with the government and is expected to announce a new contract in the next few weeks."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 percent to $ 1. 17, while the broader S & P 500 index closed up 1. 1 percent."
"The company's shares have lost more than 20 percent of their value since the start of the year."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI on a new strategy for dealing with the issue."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in debt."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 percent at $ 14. 60 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 8 billion in the first quarter."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the UK was not left behind in the EU."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to listen to the people,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 14. 50 on Wednesday, their lowest price in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of the NHS are in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about a possible sale of the business."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in capital from private equity firms."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system until the new system is fully implemented."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the country to have a president who is willing to do what's right for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working with investors to develop a strategy for the future."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to listen to the American people,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the business of making money off of people's lives,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and was working with the authorities to ensure the safety of all customers."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would not comment further."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the iPhone since last year, but it had not yet received the approval it needed to launch the device."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other agencies to help it secure the data."
"The company has also been criticised for not taking into account the impact of the Brexit vote on its business."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the UK in the single market for another decade, but that is not the case."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and they are down nearly 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese investors."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 3 percent in the past week."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it harder for people to get a job."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a good conversation with the president- elect about what he's doing,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the land, but the government has said it will not allow it to be used for commercial development."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm not going to say anything about the future,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private investors, and that it was working to bring in more investors."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the operation, which will cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a blood test, and I was told that I had a virus."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 35. 30 on Thursday after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 35. 30 on Thursday."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they're not going to be the same team again,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the US government, but has yet to make a formal offer to the US government."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I don't know how to explain it, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a new contract for the next three years."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and that it was not being used for commercial gain."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to take on the issues that we face,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we've got a good team and we've got a good squad,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how much longer I can stay in the hospital, but I'm not going to let that stop me,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal the decision."
"The company said it was \"extremely pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to see a \"significant \"revenue boost in the second half of the year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in power are not the people who are going to change the world,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last quarter, and that it was confident of a successful launch."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK did not take the UK out of the EU."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up to the establishment,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 50 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after it was revealed that the company had been hit by a $ 1. 5 billion tax bill."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to try to do the best I can,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as the next president of the United States."
"The company's shares were down 1. 9 per cent at $ 28. 30 on Wednesday, and are down 1. 2 per cent at $ 28. 30."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them to take me to the police station."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 35. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and was working on a plan to build a new facility."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that the company was committed to delivering the best possible service."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to come back and play again,\" he said."
"The company said it would not be able to provide any more details about the new technology until it was ready to be tested."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending more than $ 1. 5 billion a year on defence."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm not going to say anything about the future,\" he said."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in compensation from the U. S. government since the start of the year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's first public offering in 2014."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced plans to close its plant in China."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay the bill, but the court ruling means it will be paid."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next five years."
"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm sure it will be a very good result."
"The company's shares were down more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it was cutting its workforce."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone else, but the government has also said it will not allow any other company to buy the property."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in the last two years from the U. S. government."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in a Series B round of funding from investors."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to identify the source of the information."
"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to get a lot of the things that we need to get done."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of the house and put it on the wall."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, led by private equity firms and private equity firms."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government and is expected to announce a new deal in the coming weeks."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the public."
"The company said it had received a \"significant amount \"of customer complaints about the service, which it said was \"not working \"at the time."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're facing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 3 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering a strong and competitive business \"and that it was \"committed to delivering a strong and competitive business \"and that it would continue to invest in the UK."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to do that and to be able to do that when they're playing."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was confident it would be ready for the end of the year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent since the company's announcement in July."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for more than a year and that it had been working with the government on the project for more than a year."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and said it was \"working with the government \"to ensure the company's business continues to grow."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the new rules were not followed, adding that it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the new rules were not followed."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government and was in discussions with the U. S. government about a possible sale."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new contract, which will be announced in the next few weeks."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the security of its network."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country, for the country, and for the country that we're going to be able to do this,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your body in the right place, and then you can go back to the drawing board."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the United States is not a member of the European Union,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new strategy for the next five years to tackle the issue."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I'm going to say what I think is right,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had a net loss of $ 1. 3 billion."
"The company's shares were down 1. 4 percent at $ 11. 40 on Thursday, after the company announced it was closing its doors."
"The company said it had been in talks with the US government and was looking at a potential sale of the aircraft."
"The company said it was working to improve its customer experience and to improve its customer service, which it said was \"not as strong as it needs to be \"in the wake of the attacks."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to secure a deal."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it had been working with the authorities to ensure the safety of its customers and staff."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by about half, and cut its workforce by about 20 percent in the next few years."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 2. 30 on Thursday after the announcement."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is not a member of the European Union,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has been trading below $ 50 a share."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide a \"safe \"way for migrants to reach Europe."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to have a perfect world,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who"
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be introduced in 2018."
"The first thing I would say is that I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years, but was not ready to reveal any details."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the process of buying the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 percent at $ 27. 30 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about half."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but had not yet received a response."
"The company has also been criticized for its failure to provide a reliable and accurate picture of the number of people who have been killed in the conflict."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff and that it was committed to continuing to improve its customer experience."
"The company said it had received a \"significant \"amount of customer complaints about its products, which it said were not being used in the UK."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including the Chinese government, and was looking for a partner."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy for the future."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year and that it would be ready for the start of the new year."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Hillary Clinton."
"The company said it would also be looking to expand into the United States, where it has offices, and the United Kingdom, where it has offices."
"The company has also been criticised for not taking into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the UK's economy."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is owned by the family of a former soldier."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport to have a good relationship with the government,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"actively considering \"the issue and would be working with the city to address the issue."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to bring the project to life."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask for a lawyer and they said they would not do that."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the public in the event of a nuclear accident."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, but the government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the public."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and that it was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The company said it was working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said had helped it to cut costs."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to go through this again,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to listen to the concerns of the American people,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"actively investigating \"the allegations and was looking into the matter further."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because it's a good thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 percent to $ 1. 26, while shares of Apple Inc. fell 1. 3 percent to $ 1. 26."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 40 percent from its peak of $ 40."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best experience possible,\" and that it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best experience possible \"on the internet."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the fourth quarter."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government and other countries, but declined to comment on its plans."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 99 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 30. 99 on Wednesday."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but that it was not ready for prime time."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country, because it's a very good thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent to $ 30. 30 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was ready to take the case to the Supreme Court."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 30. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares fell more than 5 percent on Thursday, and are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent since the start of the year."
"The U. S. has been on a high- profile diplomatic row with Cuba over its human rights record."
"The first is that the government has not been able to get the money it needs to pay for the new schools."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year, but it had not yet received the necessary funding."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 6 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the middle of a war,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president of the United States will be people who have been in office for a long time,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been the world's biggest producer of crude oil, but it has also been the world's biggest producer of natural gas."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that we're going to make sure that we have the best possible facilities for the players,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 percent at $ 28. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 30. 60 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not going to be the guy that's going to be the guy that's going to be the guy that's going to be the guy that's going to be the guy that's"
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up for the people of this country,\" she said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to say, \"I'm going to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a lot of people who are willing to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I think it's important to understand that the government is not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government about the deal, but that it was not yet clear if the U. S. government would be willing to help."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it was committed to continuing to improve its customer experience."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 14. 40 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced a $ 1. 5 billion investment in its new headquarters in San Francisco."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was looking for a partner."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the public."
"The first was a $ 1. 2 million loan from the state of New York to buy a new home."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 28, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The first thing I did was to go to a friend's house and I was told that I had to pay a $ 50 fine."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government about a possible sale of the aircraft, but that it was not clear if it would sell the aircraft."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to vote for Hillary Clinton,\" he said, referring to the Democratic presidential candidate."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of the work the group has done."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 3. 30 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not alone in this,\" he said, adding that the United States is also a part of the solution."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who can talk about the issues that matter,\" he said."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people living in poverty has fallen by more than a third since the 1980s."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to bring the project to a close."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the practice, which is banned in the UK and is not covered by insurance."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next three years, but it is understood to be in the range of \u00a3 10 million to \u00a3 15 million."
"\"I'm not sure that I can do it, but I'm sure I can do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 2. 9 percent at $ 28. 30 on Thursday, and were trading at $ 30. 20 on Thursday."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the second quarter."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a \"safe \"way to transport people to and from the camp."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the country,\" he said, adding that the United States should be \"a leader in the world \"in the fight against ISIS."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and was confident it would be completed by the end of the year."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president on Nov."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20% since the company's announcement in September."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed \"to its mission to provide the best possible service to customers and staff."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a policy that's going to make people feel better about themselves,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to improve the process for filing complaints, but the company said it would not be able to do so."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the people who will be affected by the new rules."
"I'm not sure if it's the same for the other guys, but I think they're going to be OK."
"The government is also expected to announce a new law that will make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The first thing you have to do is to get the ball in your hands and then you have to make sure you get the right pass."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue, but had not yet received a response."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with the pace of growth in the sector, and that it would be difficult to keep up with the demand for its products."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a group led by billionaire investor George Allen."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"I think it's a good thing for the game, it's a good thing for the fans, and it's a good thing for the club and the fans."
"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to get a lot of the things that we need to get done."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, and I think it's a good thing for the country to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from my mother and sister saying they were going to be there."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for several years and that it had been working with the government on the project for a number of years."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and they are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible for the breach."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 11. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The U. S. has been the world's largest producer of crude oil, but it is also the world's largest producer of natural gas."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal the decision."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 11. 30 on Wednesday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 9 billion."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government to develop a plan to help the industry."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, led by a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on how to respond to the request, but had not yet decided whether to appeal."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the United States is not the only country that has a problem with this,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, but critics say it is not enough."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a strong team, we have a strong squad, we have a strong coach,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from private investors and was working with the government to develop a plan to help the industry."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the UK remains a global leader in the digital economy \"and that it was committed to working with the government to ensure that the digital economy continues to grow."
"The government has been criticised for failing to act on the issue, which has been a major focus of the campaign."
"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be able to do that."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 30. 45, or $ 30. 40, after the announcement."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and then I went to the hospital."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, because it's a very sensitive topic,\" he said."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers in the next three years."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we have a lot of people who are suffering from mental illness,\" she said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government and private investors."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are unable to work due to the lack of employment opportunities."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than $ 1 billion in the past year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors in the last three months, with the goal of raising $ 3. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would close its doors."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers, and that it was working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of this country are the people who are going to be in charge of the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, but the government has also said it will not allow the sale of the land to the public."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to identify the hackers responsible."
"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that, because it's a good thing to be able to do that."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we're going to be a good team."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and that it was working to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the crash."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to know that we're not going to be the same again,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government about a possible sale of the aircraft, but the sale was not scheduled to take place until next year."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 11. 46 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to cut its workforce by half in the wake of the Brexit vote."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the new facility more energy efficient."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, and I think it's a good thing for the country for the country to have a leader who is willing to stand up to the president of the United States,\" he said."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see what we can do together."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and venture capital firms."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and then I went to the hospital."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are treated fairly and fairly \"and that it was committed to ensuring that the company's customers are treated fairly."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about the deal, but it was not clear whether the government would take action."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to know that we're going to have a president who's going to be able to do things,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to try,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the data was collected and how it was used."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year and that it was working on a new product for the next year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 30. 35 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the incident and was working with law enforcement to identify the driver."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety of our customers \"and that the company was working to ensure the safety of its customers."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to stand up to the establishment,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The first thing I did was to go and get a friend to come and help me with the rest of the work."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission on a settlement."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the rights of asylum seekers in the country, but the government has also said it will not be able to guarantee the rights of asylum seekers in the country."
"The first thing that comes to mind is that he's a great player, great leader, great person, great person who has done a lot for the club."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it would continue to work with the government to improve the system."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would close its doors."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the news broke, and have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and get a report of the incident."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company said it was \"committed \"to the project and that it would be \"fully engaged \"in the process."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the deal, but has said it will not be able to negotiate it."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a full accounting of the sale, but said it had been in touch with the company's board."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and well- being of our customers \"and the safety of all passengers."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to secure a deal."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the second quarter."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from private investors and had raised $ 1. 3 billion in Series B funding from investors."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years, but that it was not ready for prime time."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and tell them I was going to be arrested."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past 12 months, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the next three years."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 14. 30 on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company has been in talks with a number of other companies to bring its products to the UK, but has yet to receive any of the proposals."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because it's a good thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but it was not clear when it would be ready."
"The company has been in talks with the government on a deal to build a new nuclear power plant in the South China Sea."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do it overnight,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were in place."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a president who is willing to listen to the concerns of the American people,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 14. 50 on Thursday after the company said it would not be able to meet its debt payment."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in work by one million by 2020."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm excited to be back,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that it's going to be a good thing for the club,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to secure a deal."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. government to ensure the safety of the aircraft and that it was not in any way involved in the incident."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on the news, but they have since fallen more than 20 percent."
"The company said it had received a \"significant number \"of complaints from customers about the service, which it said was not working."
"The first thing you have to do is to get the right balance of the two, and that's what we're going to do."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next three years, but the government is trying to convince the public that it is worth it."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a blood test, which was a lot easier than getting a blood test in the first place."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get checked out, and then I went to the doctor."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a leader who is going to stand up for what's right,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of the house, and I was like, \"I don't want to do this."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 billion in sales in the first half of this year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government and the European Union on a deal to buy the company."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it has lost more than $ 1 billion in the last two years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had a net profit of $ 1. 3 billion in the first quarter."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, but we have to be careful about what we say because we have to be careful about what we say,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and that it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in capital from investors."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and venture capital firms."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is expected to cost between $ 1. 5 billion and $ 2. 5 billion."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 1. 16, after the company announced a plan to cut costs."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to be detained without charge if they have been convicted of a crime."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and that it was ready to launch."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past two years, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the previous quarter."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 1. 16, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 percent to $ 1. 21."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year and had been working on it for about a year."
"I think it's a very important thing for the country to know that we're not going to be the same country again."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 17. 28 on Thursday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government and is expected to announce a deal in the coming weeks."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are going to be in charge of the NHS should be in charge of the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The first thing you have to do is to get the right person in the right place at the right time, and that's what we're doing."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a woman president,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet its target of spending $ 1. 6 billion on the project."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from private investors, but it had not received any money from the government."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but was not ready to reveal the details."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, because it's a good thing for the players,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for all employees \"and was working to improve safety."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors and had secured a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the U. S. government."
"The company said it had received a \"significant number \"of calls from customers who had been affected by the breach."
"The government is now working on a plan to make sure that all children are given the right support and support is provided to them."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing for the game to be played in the middle of the park,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, but the company has said it will not be able to sell it."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, but it's not good for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the fire."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1 percent on Wednesday, but they rose as much as 1. 5 percent in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with Russia,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect its customers."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a \"significant \"amount of customer complaints about its products, but that it was not aware of any cases of abuse."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but was not ready to reveal the details."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 2 billion Series B loan."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, and were down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the game and the fans to see that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was ready to take on the role."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me and see if I could help."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the middle of a recession,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of its latest survey of its employees and its overall performance."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced a $ 1 billion settlement with the U. S. government."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year and a half and was working on a new product for the last year."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers are protected \"from cyber attacks and that it was working to improve security."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 percent at $ 30. 30 on Wednesday, and were trading at $ 30. 30 on Wednesday."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was going on and I was told that I had a heart attack."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Wednesday, after the company said it was closing in on a deal to buy the company's assets."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering a strong and sustainable business environment \"and that it would continue to invest in the UK."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract, which is due to start in 2017."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the news broke, and are down nearly 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of the public."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it was working to improve customer service."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. government on a settlement and that it was working with the U. S. government on a plan to resolve the issue."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 20 percent in the past week."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working to raise $ 2 billion."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would not comment further."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project and that it had been in discussions with the government about the project for a number of years."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's a very important thing to do in the United States,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country by one million by 2020."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that it was committed to delivering the best possible service to customers."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife and daughter, and I was very shocked."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was ready to sign up to the deal."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter, including $ 1. 2 billion from investors, and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the second quarter."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the victims."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a good relationship with Russia,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government and the European Commission about the future of its operations in the UK."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced plans to close the plant."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife, who was in a very bad condition."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to report results in the second quarter of this year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell its stake in the company but has not yet been able to secure a deal."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it would not be able to provide any further details about the investigation until the full investigation was completed."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project and that it would be working with the government on the project's future."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are not allowed to work."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would not be making any changes to its business model."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a woman president,\" Trump said in a statement."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a lot of people who are not in the business of politics,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to have a bit of a break,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property, which is worth \u00a3 1. 5 million, to be sold for more than \u00a3 1 million."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 11. 50, their highest price in more than two years."
"The government has said it will take action to address the issue, but the BBC understands the government is not yet ready to take action."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get my wife and her husband to come over and see me."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, and I think it's a good thing for the sport,\" he said."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in donations from people who had given money to the campaign."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the government."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past two years and was working on a new product for the next three years."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 1. 30."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, with the top rate for the top 1 per cent rising to 15 per cent."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The U. S. has been at war with Russia since the start of the conflict in Syria in 2011."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"period of free service to customers who had paid for it."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 30. 33 on Thursday, and are down 1. 1 percent so far this year."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me, and I was very happy."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol in the UK, which will be introduced in April."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a"
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it had \"a strong track record \"in the UK."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract until the new contract is up and running."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are a country that is not just a country of immigrants,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from private investors and had a $ 1. 1 billion cash reserve."
"The company said it was \"actively working with the authorities \"to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The first thing I did was to ask the man who was supposed to be the manager of the club to come to the meeting."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it,\" he said."
"The first was a $ 1 million loan from the city of Los Angeles to build a new school for the disabled."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what we're doing,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticised for its lack of transparency about how it uses its money, with some saying it is not doing enough to protect the privacy of its users."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next three years."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this,\" he said, adding that he's not sure if he'll be able to play again."
"\"I'm not going to be the one to say, \"I'm not going to be the one to say, \"I'm not going to be the one to say \"or \"I'm not going to be the one to say"
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not a country that is going to be destroyed by a nuclear attack,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Turkey on a cease- fire, but the talks have not been successful."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI on a new strategy to help it combat the virus."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last three months of 2015, including $ 1. 2 billion from the Chinese government."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask them to take me to the police station."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last three months of the year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit of a girl now, or if I'm just a bit of a girl now."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract until the new contract is completed."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it had received was accurate."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent from its peak of $ 1. 27."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to listen to the American people,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and a good manager, and I think we can do it."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really excited to get this job,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent to $ 14. 30 in after- hours trading."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a little bit older, but I'm not sure if I'm a little bit older than the other guys."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering a great service to our customers \"and that it would continue to work with the government to ensure that the service is maintained."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted by the Economic Policy Institute."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement authorities to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement that would include the company's shares."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than a quarter of its value since the company's financial crisis in 2007."
"The government has said it will not allow the UK to leave the EU unless it is able to demonstrate that it is not in breach of its human rights."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in the first quarter, up from $ 1. 5 million in the previous year."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club, but I will say that I'm very happy to be here,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attacks in Paris in November."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the security of its network."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from my mother, who was in the hospital."
"The government has said it will introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol, which will be introduced in April."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 30. 60 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 2. 1 percent."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I was going to have to go to the hospital."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for our employees \"and to ensuring the safety of all employees."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and for the country that we have a president who is willing to talk about it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my son, who was in the hospital."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the rights of its employees."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York and New Jersey."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and they are trading at about $ 10."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was very surprised by the response,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering a strong and competitive product and service \"to customers."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president will be people who are not in charge of the next president,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 percent at $ 2. 30, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 percent."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about half."
"The company's shares were down more than 2 percent at $ 30. 50, while the S & P 500 index was down more than 1 percent."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that our customers have the best experience possible \"and that it would continue to work with the government to improve customer experience."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it would also be offering a \"limited \"one- off deal for customers who have already paid for the service."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get a job."
"The U. S. has been the world's most powerful country for the past 50 years, but it has also been the world's most powerful country for the past 100."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the matter, and that it would provide a statement when it was ready."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The government has said it is working on a new contract for the new contract, but the new contract will be announced in the next few weeks."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people who work in the public sector to below zero is a major step forward."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are implemented and that the new rules are in place."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game because it gives people a chance to see what's going on,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 20, their highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the lack of affordable housing in the city, which has been a key focus of the campaign."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers in the next three years."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible for the breach."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money to the charity, which has been working with the charity to help people with mental health issues."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me and see what I was doing."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that we're going to do everything we can to get the job done,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers \"and that it was working to improve customer experience."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to do it,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to do it again."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and that it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and that it was committed to working with law enforcement to investigate the"
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent to $ 14. 40 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible service and support for our customers is provided,\" and that it would continue to work with the government to ensure that customers are provided with the best possible service and support."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission about a possible settlement."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, which has been working on the project for more than a year."
"The company has also been criticised for its handling of the issue, with some saying it was too quick to take the blame for the problems."
"The first was a $ 1. 2 billion loan from the federal government to build a new rail line."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 6 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 per cent."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and was in talks with investors to raise $ 2 billion."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to stand up for the people of this country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to claim benefits."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing emissions by 2020, but it is not clear how much of that will be achieved."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask for a ticket, and they said they would take me to court."
"The company's shares have fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and are down more than 10 percent since the start of the year."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 million in funding from the U. S. government, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 million in the first quarter of this year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and its shares are down more than 50 percent in the past year."
"The company has been in talks with the US government and is expected to announce a new deal in the coming weeks."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past 12 months."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy for the future."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"over- the- counter version of the drug, which is available in the United States and Canada."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 6 million in the first quarter, up from $ 1. 5 million in the previous quarter."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost more than $ 2 billion in the past year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and get a lawyer and I was told that I would have to pay for my own lawyer."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and had a $ 1. 5 billion target for the first quarter."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me, and I was really happy to do that."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the past two years and was on track to raise $ 3. 5 billion in the first half of 2016."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it had been \"fully engaged \"with the investigation."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in debt."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the incident and that it would continue to work with the U. S. government to ensure the safety of its employees."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Wednesday, and are down more than 3 percent in the past year."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers \"and that it was working to improve customer experience."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it is too easy to blame the problem on the EU."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, because it's a very sensitive topic,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers,\" and that it would continue to work with the government to improve customer service."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that we're going to get the job done,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the last year, and its shares are down more than 50 percent in the last year."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are denied benefits."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask for a lawyer, and they told me that I had to pay for my own lawyer."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 15. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter earnings report in July."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country, because it's a good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to listen to people,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and was working with the government to ensure the UK remained a leading provider of online services."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to help me get a job, and they did."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers \"and that it would continue to work with the government to improve customer experience."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers across the UK,\" and that it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure that customers are able to use the service."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it was committed to continuing to improve customer service."
"\"I think it's a very important issue, and I think it's a very important issue for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past 12 months and was confident it would be able to raise $ 2 billion in the next two years."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. government about the deal, but it has yet to receive a response."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government and the European Union on the possibility of a new deal."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask them to get me a ticket."
"The company said it had been working to improve customer service and to improve customer experience, but it was still not clear how the changes would affect the company's business."
"The company's shares fell by more than 10 percent on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government about the sale of the aircraft, but the U. S. government has not yet approved the sale."
"The government has said it will not seek a second referendum on the UK's membership of the EU, but has said it will consider the case for a second vote."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission about the deal, which it said was worth $ 1. 7 billion."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, but had not yet been sold."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who's going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to know that we are not going to be the only one,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors in the last three months, including a $ 1. 3 billion investment in a new technology company."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect."
"The U. S. has been at war with Russia since the start of the conflict in 2014, when it launched air strikes against Syrian government forces."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is a democracy, and the United States is a free country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspects."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent since the news was first reported by The Wall Street Journal."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but the government has not approved the sale."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company's shares were down 2. 9 percent at $ 16. 30 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we face in this country,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 2. 60, their biggest gain in a year."
"\"We have to be very careful, and we have to be very careful about what we say to the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the United States, and I think it's a very important issue for the world,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project and would continue to work with the city and county to ensure it is successful."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and that it would be ready for the first quarter of 2017."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and was looking to sell the business to a private investor."
"The company has been in talks with the government about a possible deal, but has yet to receive a response."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow women to vote in the next general election."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company has been criticised for not doing enough to improve its image in the wake of the Brexit vote, which saw the UK leave the European Union."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and they are down more than 10 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new contract until the new contract is in place."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion investment from China's state- run CCTV."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 16, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 14."
"The government has said it will take action to address the issue, but has yet to make a decision on whether to take action."
"The company's shares were down more than 1 percent at $ 17. 21 on Thursday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 2 billion in the first quarter."
"\"We're going to have a lot of people coming in and out of the building,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide a new contract for the new year unless the government is given a new contract for the new year."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make it easier for people to buy and sell shares."
"The company said it had received a \"significant amount \"of customer complaints about the service, which it said was \"not working \"at the time."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government to sell its stake in the company, but the deal has been delayed for months."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and was expected to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"The first thing I did was go to the hospital and I was told that I had a heart attack and that I would have to be taken to hospital."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who are responsible for the actions of the people who"
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to be able to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff, and that it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and staff."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for a year and a half, and that it was in talks with the government for a year and a half."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who will be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least 10 percent."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal the decision."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game, and I think it's a good thing for the sport,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how to address the issue."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the past three years, including a $ 1. 5 billion Series B loan from the Chinese government."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 10 percent in the past year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country to a third of the population by 2020."
"The first is that the government has not done enough to address the problem of the lack of affordable housing in the city."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 percent at $ 30. 30 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 1 percent."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a president who is willing to stand up for the American people,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information would be used."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules are in place."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to buy a home, but it has yet to make a decision."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors in the past two years, and that it had raised $ 3. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I think the best thing that could happen is if the government decided to go ahead with the plan, it would be a very good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government to develop a plan to help it grow its business."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country and the country's interest to have a debate about this,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 11. 50 in after- market trading on Thursday."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, but the government has also said it will not allow the sale of the land to the public."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and was in talks with investors to raise $ 2. 8 billion."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but it was unclear when the agreement would be made public."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, but they recovered after the announcement."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 percent at $ 25. 14 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 1. 56, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 14 billion."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the public."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private equity firms."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, and that it was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, and are down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 35. 20 in after- market trading."
"The U. S. has been in a state of war with North Korea for more than a decade, and the North is now threatening to attack the U. S. with nuclear weapons."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about that, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to allow people to be detained without charge if they are suspected of a crime."
"The government's new strategy to tackle the problem has been criticised by some experts, who say it is too easy to blame the problem on the EU."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and expects to continue to improve its performance in the future."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but had not yet received a response."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about the future of the world is the United States."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors, including a $ 1. 2 billion investment from the Chinese government."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors and had raised $ 1. 7 billion in equity from investors."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is expected to cost about $ 1. 5 billion."
"The government is also expected to announce a new strategy for the next five years to tackle the problem of abuse of children."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the documents were obtained."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and the integrity of the internet."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States is not a member of the European Union,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government about a possible sale of the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million."
"\"We have a lot of work to do in the next few weeks to get the right balance between the two,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by at least half."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be introduced in 2018."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club, but I'm not going to say anything about the future of the club,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be able to do that,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from private investors, and that it was in the process of raising $ 4 billion."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and that it was confident it would get the deal done."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next three."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 percent."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to be used for a new stadium, but the opposition has said it will not allow it to be used for a new stadium."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was shared."
"The government has also said it will not allow the sale of the land to the private developer, who has been in talks with the city."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to ensure that the information it provided to the FBI was accurate."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the NHS are the people who are responsible for the NHS,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure we'll see a lot of growth,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a fix for the problem for a year and a half, but it was not clear when the fix would be available."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 11. 50 on Wednesday, their lowest level in more than a year."
"\"I'm not sure that it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to afford the $ 2 million."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the bank's handling of customer data and its failure to protect customers from cyber attacks."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come to the house and see me."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 30. 30 on Thursday, after the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent at $ 30. 30."
"The company's shares fell as much as 3 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing a safe and secure environment for all employees \"and that it was \"committed to ensuring that all employees are treated fairly and fairly."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including the investment bank Morgan Stanley."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract until the new contract is completed."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced a plan to cut its workforce."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 35. 40 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 3 billion loan from the Chinese government."
"The company said it was \"actively considering \"the move and would look to move its headquarters to the UK."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 50 percent in the past year, and they are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for a year and a half, but had not yet received a response."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the government has the power to make decisions about the future of our country,\" he said."
"I think the only thing that's going to change is the way that we're going to be able to do our job."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to try to do what I can to help,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from private investors, and it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in a position where we can have a conversation about this,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the information was used."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to secure a new contract for the plant, which is expected to be completed by the end of this year."
"The company said it was \"committed \"to the UK and its customers \"safety and that it would continue to work with law enforcement and other partners."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of our country,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring the safety and security of our customers \"and that it was working to ensure the safety of all customers."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine how the information was obtained."
"The company said it was \"committed to delivering the best possible service \"to customers and that it was \"committed to ensuring that customers are able to enjoy the benefits of the service."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to try to stay in the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to have a strong leader in the White House,\" he said."
"The company has also been criticized for its handling of the death of a man who was shot in the head in a parking lot."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of reducing the number of people in the country by more than 10, 000."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get back to the level we've been at for a long time,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company announced a plan to close its stores."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the new rules were in place and that the company would continue to operate."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the FBI could use the information to help it target the company."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that, because we have to make sure that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to have a little bit more diversity,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better and to see how we can work together,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a \"significant \"amount of customer complaints about the service, which was not available to all customers."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were followed, but it was not clear how many of the new rules would apply to the new system."
"The company said it had been working with the FBI to determine the cause of the crash and was working with the state police to identify the driver."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site safer and more secure."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to try to keep it going,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law in the next parliament to make it easier for people to get help."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the past year and had been able to get the product off the market."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect its customers."
"The company has said it will cut its workforce by about 1, 000 in the next three years, and it expects to close its doors in the next few years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced a plan to close the plant."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last three years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The government has also said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and tell him that I was going to have a baby."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and that it was working on a new product for the next two years."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to pay for a new health service, which would be funded by the NHS."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 3 billion in funding from private investors, including a $ 1. 1 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- owned companies."
"The company has also been criticised for its handling of the case, which has been widely criticised for its handling of the case, which has been widely criticised for its handling of the case by the media."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but declined to provide details."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the sport, because it's a great way to get to know the players,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its staff."
"The company said it would also be looking to expand into the U. S. market, and that it expects to have a full- year profit of $ 1. 2 billion."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about half."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The company said it was working to resolve the issue and that it would be working with the state to resolve the issue."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my son, and I was so shocked that I didn't know what to do."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to customers \"and that it was working with the customer to ensure that the best possible customer experience is available to customers."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country and the world to know that we are a country that is open for business,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment by the Chinese government."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure that we'll be able to get on with it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The first was a woman who was in the car with her husband, who was in the back seat, and the second was a man who was in the front seat."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, but they are still up more than 20 percent in the past year."
"The company said it was \"committed to ensuring that the best possible customer experience is available to our customers \"and that it was working to ensure that customers \"experiences were \"available to them."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, but I'm going to be a politician,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the United States has a very strong military presence in the region,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year and a half, but was still working on a product that would be available to consumers in the next few months."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action to protect the rights of EU citizens."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last year and a half, but that it was not ready for prime time."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the plan, which is expected to be approved by the end of the year."
"The government has said it will introduce a new law to make it easier for people to get help for mental health problems."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next two years."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but that it would not comment on the details."
"The first thing I did was to ask the question: What is the most important thing that you can do for your children?"
