"\"It's a very, very special moment for me, and I can't imagine not being there,\" he said."
"The company's shares are down more than 7 percent in the past 12 months and are trading at about $ 40."
"It's a great challenge for the club, it's the same thing every year, but it's not a single one of those things."
"\"I am going to go into the playoffs and I will be a good captain and hopefully I will be a good player,\" Murray said."
"I'd like to think that if I'm honest, I'd never even heard of it."
"The EU is likely to get a boost from the UK's decision to leave, though it is not clear how much will come from the UK."
"A spokesperson for the Department of Health said: \"This is not a case of a patient being in a waiting room, but the fact that there is a waiting room."
"He is now the top choice for an England captain who is already a world- class player, and who has the potential to be a world- class player."
"The other side of the story is that if we continue to get the same amount of money, that's a big difference."
"It's not a sign of a change in the way that the GOP is going about things, but of a change of the way that they're doing things."
"The more you learn about the nature of the weather, the more you realize you can do more to make your day better."
"When I got the phone call, it was the first time I'd ever heard from them in a long time."
"\"I just hope that all of these people who are still alive are still alive and will be able to come forward and come forward and say something,\" he said."
"\"There are two big issues, one is the drug problem, and the other is the environment,\" he said."
"It's not a question of whether or not I'm going to get voted in, but I've got to go out and win."
"In some cases it may be that the computer is running an operating system that is different from the one it is running on."
"That's why I think, for me, if we can get a whole lot of things done and get some people elected, it's going to be a big boost for the party."
"They will have to stand for the good of the game and the team, which is what I'm doing."
"\"It was the same story as before, but the numbers are much better now and we are using them to improve our data set,\" he said."
"There are two ways to handle the situation that we're in, the first is to discuss it with the other party or the state party."
"\"The British people have spoken and we have to respect them and they have to respect the result of the referendum,\" he said."
"The report will be used to highlight what it calls the \"fear of the future \"of the UK after Brexit, saying there is a \"clear, strong and growing risk \"of a Brexit."
"I was in the car for a few minutes and the driver told me to stop and that it was time to go."
"The issue of whether to allow workers to take part in the vote in the next state election is a hot- button issue."
"In one of the most anticipated episodes of the third season, the show has already had a major impact on her life."
"I thought, you know, this is a great opportunity to speak with her about a project she's been doing."
"\"I'm very proud of my work in that area and I'm very proud that I have been able to do so much in that area,\" she said."
"\"We have been working closely with the community in order to ensure that every child is safe and has a good future,\" the spokeswoman said."
"I thought about how hard it would be to take a break after the season and see how I feel this week."
"\"I have a lot of respect for him and I just don't think he should be doing this,\" the former Republican governor said."
"He says he was ordered to leave the scene and that he is still there and is not being interviewed."
"\"I'm not saying this is going to be the last race in a row,\" he said."
"The results showed that in the last year, the number of people with dementia has doubled, compared to a normal rate of growth."
"But when you're playing with a lot of players, you want to be on the pitch in the right way."
"The South Australian government is to spend $ 30 million on the project, and will be asked to make changes to the way it is run."
"I had no idea how long it would take me to get to the end of the line, but I knew it would be a long time."
"\"It's not easy, but you have to pay the price, and if you don't, you can't have a happy life,\" she says."
"A lot of people are just trying to get into the club and that's why it's such a good experience."
"Theresa May is facing calls for her to quit as prime minister following her first leadership contest, amid concerns that her negotiating skills may not be up to the job."
"The average number of days a patient can spend in bed is 14, a trend that has seen a huge increase in the past decade."
"But the researchers say the findings are a first step toward understanding how Zika could affect children's ability to develop new sexual partners."
"\"When you're dealing with the truth, you can't do anything else,\" he said."
"And, in the unlikely event that the election were held on Tuesday, she would have to win at least one more state election."
"In the end, the show's most iconic moments are often lost in the background, and it's up to you to figure out which one."
"But when the opportunity presented itself, it was not a good idea to go down with it."
"It is not clear when the drugs were tested, and it is not clear whether they are still being used."
"She said:'We have been in touch with him to say that he is in good health, and that we can't believe it."
"She said that her son was a huge supporter of the Republican party and that he was planning to vote for Trump in the general election."
"\"I know that it's not the right thing to do, but I'm not going to let that happen,\" he said."
"But he has not been given an official welcome in the main hall, which is open only to the public."
"\"I'm hoping it will be a good thing that he's still alive,\" he told the BBC."
"This is the first time in my career that I've had to go through all of this again, because I've been here for a while."
"The study, conducted by the University of Sydney, also found that the best- performing group of children were those who were born into families with more than one parent."
"The Chicago Fire Department says a 34- year- old man was killed in the fire and a 20- year- old man was taken to St. John's Hospital."
"That is a reminder to us that we are not living in the past, we are living in the future and we are living in the future and that is something we have to work on."
"The first one I've ever seen was in the summer, which is a fantastic experience and I'm sure he'll be one of the first to see it."
"He said the \"very serious \"probe showed that a man had been shot in the head, but that he was not seriously injured."
"It's the same as it ever has been: You get a chance to play in a different environment and get to play in a different team."
"\"I'm a proud American, and I'm proud to be a citizen of the United States,\" Trump said in an interview."
"\"I had a good time with my wife and kids and it's not like I've been in a bad mood,\" he said."
"\"We have to continue to support the families of the victims of these attacks, and we have to continue to work with them in their care,\" he said."
"The West Coast Conference will hold its annual \"Super Bowl \"tour on Saturday night at Fox Sports Arena."
"The president- elect also tweeted his support for a \"major infrastructure package \"for the United States, which the US government has insisted he will not sign."
"The United States and Russia are expected to hold their first joint military exercise, with the aim of improving ties, according to a Russian military source."
"The problem with a young player who has not played a competitive game for England is he is not that good."
"They were the only two teams in the top flight to score the final goal and take the points for the first time since 2008."
"The committee's report, published last week, said the government's policy of using its powers to target Islamic State militants was failing."
"\"I feel like I've got the same freedom as anybody else, that I've never felt before, so I feel like that's something I've been looking forward to,\" he said."
"The biggest difference, he says, is that most people don't have that extra bit of freedom to make their own life decisions."
"I am very pleased to have been selected as a candidate to lead our country into the future and I look forward to working with Mr. Trump on his first 100 days in office."
"He said: \"It's a very difficult game to win, but you have to win every game."
"I think it's important that the government, if they want to make a difference, is making a difference in the lives of the people who live in this country."
"\"He's been a very good player, a very good leader, and I think he's got a great future,\" he said."
"We were looking for a point of contact to make the case, but we couldn't get it."
"The service will be available to customers in the United States, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa."
"A few months later, I got an e- mail from her that I had recently given up looking for a new job."
"He will have to do some hard work in the coming months and years to get back on the right track, but he will be an important part of the team."
"If we can't take care of our own, we will have to make the hard decisions we all have to make."
"He said: \"I'm sure the President will make a decision on the issues that are the most important to him."
"He has been to Turkey once before and the Turkish president said that he would not have been able to stay at the airport after the coup."
"And even though he's a man, he knows that sometimes you just need someone to talk to you, not to talk to you."
"But the Raiders have gone to the Super Bowl in four of their last five games and have never won the division."
"The poll found that as many as 27% of voters were against a referendum on the EU by the end of 2017."
"\"We need to be careful about what we say and what we say in terms of what we say in relation to this country,\" he said."
"The couple, who were married for eight years and had two children together, have been staying at the home of their former partner's parents."
"In addition, the report found that the proportion of people who reported they had experienced sexual harassment dropped by 13 per cent."
"They were all struggling to get their heads around the fact that they were going to be the ones to take the job."
"But it's still a very difficult thing to do, it's not easy, it's very hard to do it in the big cities."
"\"We're not going to change our minds about this, but we've got to do something,\" he told reporters."
"The Prime Minister has also raised the prospect of Britain leaving the EU in a speech to the European Parliament in Brussels on Thursday."
"You're not going to get anywhere in the next five to 10 years if you don't take on more debt."
"And I don't want to get into a debate about the cost of health insurance, but it's one that I think we should all be paying for."
"\"The problem is, people are not aware that they have a problem,\" he said, adding that the situation in some regions is so bad that there are no alternative routes for people to reach the United States."
"As a result, we have to make sure we have the right number of people in the right positions to provide the best services."
"In some ways, he's going to have a bigger impact on this than the president- elect has."
"The second time, a man was shot and killed while trying to break into a police station, police said."
"The reality is, I have been a member of the Liberal Party for two and a half years, so I can say that I've had a fair bit of time to reflect on what I've been up to."
"A Fox News poll released Tuesday shows Clinton with a three- point lead over Trump in the state, and a three- point lead in the South, and a three- point lead in the West."
"The video, which has been viewed more than 4 million times on YouTube, was filmed at a farm in the state of Vermont."
"\"If you can't say what you want to say, then you have to say it loud and clear,\" he said."
"The point is that even if you've been in the house for a year or more, you're still not a parent."
"I know he's been in my heart for the last two years, he's a great boy, great person and he's a great father and I'm sure he will be back next year."
"And the same is true of my husband, my two children, and I will never forget it."
"The body of the woman, who is aged in her late 20s, was found lying in the street with wounds on her face."
"We are going to continue to do everything we can to support our new president, who I hope will be a president for all Americans."
"\"The economy is the most important thing for me to focus on and I think we need to get better at that,\" he said."
"\"I was worried because I knew it would be a little bit hard but it's not really,\" he said."
"The most recent data showed that in the last week of the year, the number of young adults aged 18- 24 who had mental health problems fell by 5% compared to the same period last year."
"The police told us that the man had been at the house a number of times and had taken several photographs of the property."
"The new rules, which will be implemented next month, will allow companies to accept all their new workers in the first year, regardless of whether they are based in the UK or abroad."
"There were a lot of players who played for us, and we didn't expect to win the league, but we've done a lot of good things."
"I believe we should be talking about the future of our country, because we have no choice but to become a part of the future."
"I've always wanted to be a doctor but when I was a kid I didn't want to be a doctor, I wanted to be a lawyer."
"If we don't reach agreement on the reforms, the EU could leave the single market and leave the rest of the single market as a free trade zone."
"The first was a strong performance in the second round, and the second round was a tough one to defend, but I think we played well."
"\"I've been working hard and I've had a lot of opportunities to get better and better but I just couldn't get it done,\" he said."
"Theresa May has urged the European Union to prepare for a Brexit after Britain voted to leave the EU."
"The way I see it, he was trying to build a wall and it didn't work."
"The group, which has made a steady stream of payments to the government since the deal was struck, has raised \u00a3 35, 000 in the past two months."
"The UK and its allies are at odds over the timing, and the risks, of such a move, which could send shock waves through the region."
"We're still trying to figure out where we fit into the group, but that's where we'll be."
"\"If there was any doubt that the law was broken, I have no doubt they would have been more than willing to go to the Supreme Court and file a challenge,\" he said."
"\"I've said before that I think there's a fair amount of pressure to get a good result,\" she said."
"I think he's going to be a really good player and he's going to be a really good coach, but I'm not sure he's going to be the one to go out there and play."
"It's all about getting in the mood for the next game and getting a bit of momentum in your team."
"If you want to get a job, then you have to make sure you get a job that's going to make you a good person."
"When I was 13, my father asked me if I wanted to be a singer or a journalist, and I told him I would just like to be a journalist."
"\"We will go to Syria and we will take all the necessary measures to protect our people and our people's lives,\" he said in a statement."
"We were just out there doing our job, and we didn't know what to do, so we kind of just got on with it."
"\"It was a nice day and a good day and the results were good, so I'm very pleased with the result,\" he said."
"In the last few years, there have been a lot of interesting things happening in the field, and I think there's been a lot of interest."
"We have to do it with more conviction and more people with more experience in the way we approach things, and that's what we'll have to do."
"\"I've got a good relationship with a number of the boys,\" he said, \"and I would never try to force them to have sex with me."
"A lot of the time I'm not thinking about the future, I'm thinking about how I can help them."
"I was working on the phone with my daughter, and the phone went off and I got this call that she was going to be there."
"He said: \"I can't put it into words what a relief this has been to be back at home with my family and friends."
"\"We are in the process of negotiating a new deal that will bring the best possible deal for the UK,\" he said."
"I've always believed that if you are in the wrong place at the wrong time, you are going to get away with it."
"And I'm not going to lie, I'm excited to see what the next few years will bring."
"The official said the two men had been in contact with the two officers before the incident and had been involved in some incidents, but that they had not been charged."
"I can't think of a better way to begin my recovery and to continue to be a part of it."
"He said: \"It's the first time in the history of the UK that we've been to the EU."
"\"I didn't know how to tell my wife that, but she's so good at it,\" he said."
"If we go ahead with the plan, we will be able to move in the right direction, but we will need to get rid of some of the bad actors."
"\"We've got to go and make a statement, if we're not doing that, then we're not going to win the next election,\" he said."
"I think that the fact that the government has given us a choice is good enough for me, but it's not enough to give you a choice of what we want our children to do."
"\"I've been waiting for years for the day when the American people will be able to decide who will represent them in Congress,\" he said."
"In the final quarter of last year, the number of people leaving the UK for Europe was down by more than a quarter."
"He was in the team for a couple of years and was an important part of that team, and I think that was really important for me."
"A new report says the UK is the second most expensive country to live in after the US, and the UK is the most expensive place to live to work."
"The paper claims that the event will be hosted by the Trump family and Trump's son Eric Jr."
"But the new reality is that the average person in this country will never go to college or find a job."
"She was a great person and the people around her were very nice and I have to thank her for that."
"He said:'The last time I saw her was when she was on her way home from a party when she was so scared."
"A man who allegedly had sex with a girl in the back seat of his car and raped her is said to be in custody."
"\"I don't know if it was a mistake or a mistake of the guy that was there,\" she said."
"\"It's a very important day for us all, but it's also a reminder that we are not alone,\" he said."
"It was a very strong performance from us, we're not going to let them down but we have to get it right."
"It's not just about a time when he feels like he's been given the opportunity to take a step back."
"It's one of those things that I was hoping to achieve, but I didn't really feel like I had a shot."
"But the company said the change would be rolled out across the country, with a second round of changes in the works in Scotland."
"'I think I'm a good person and I respect the way they're treating me and I'm not going to change."
"The odds of an accident involving a car in Australia are significantly lower than they are in the UK, according to the latest statistics."
"In the long run, I think it's better for us to do what we're doing and not take what we're doing for granted."
"\"There's a lot of people who want to say we should have a \"bigger government \"in this country,\" she said."
"He was treated in hospital for a minor leg injury, and his wife said they were unable to speak to him."
"It's just a matter of time until he does, and I'll keep working with him."
"And the fact that we have a presidential election is the most important thing for me because we have a very clear picture of the country."
"I think the guy who's coming in is the best- known guy, and he's going to be a very interesting player."
"The only way we're going to go from zero to being just five or six is if we keep going with our normal pace."
"\"When you're in a relationship, it's important that you're comfortable with your partner's feelings,\" she said."
"The White House says it is considering a proposal that would make it easier for companies to use government data to identify potential threats to their business."
"The number of tourists visiting the UK in 2016 stood at 1. 1 million- the equivalent of 55% of all visits in 2015- up from 1. 6 million in 2014."
"I can't wait to go and play in the final, it's going to be a tough game."
"He said: \"I think it's important to be clear about what we want to achieve here, and I think it's important that we look at all the options available to us."
"\"They've been playing really well so far this year, and it's important to give them a chance,\" he said."
"The president's travel ban was a key element in the campaign- and, as it turned out, was not a bad idea."
"A lot of the things that we're doing, I think we're going to be doing the same thing with the second half."
"\"I think the people who are going to be in the White House for a long time will be people who will be able to get it done,\" Clinton said."
"It's not a big deal for us to be here and the guys want to play in the Champions League, but it's a big deal for the team."
"He said that it would be impossible to avoid the decision if the deal was agreed to by all parties in a formal, non- legislative process."
"It's a process that has been going on for years and I'm confident that it will continue for the rest of my life."
"But as I have said, we have to do this to win the league, so it is up to us to do that."
"It's a very different experience, and it's something that I have to do, and I'm excited about it."
"The company said it was in discussions with the United States Federal Trade Commission about its plans, and it would make its decision as soon as possible."
"The FBI had concluded that Clinton had been \"extremely careless \"in handling classified information, and had not properly protected or explained her use of a private email server."
"The more you look at it, it becomes clear what you are actually doing, and that's what we're trying to do."
"I was just trying to help myself- I was too scared to think about it and the other people around me were too afraid to look at me."
"\"I've always been a big fan of the idea that someone can have an impact on the world,\" he told BBC Wales."
"I don't know what it is, but it's a little bit like the air has changed a bit."
"He is a real force in the dressing room, so I hope he is the right choice for the job."
"We don't have a lot of words to describe how special it is to be part of a team with a group of guys that have all played together."
"But it's not just the kind of power we have that's needed to address the threat of climate change."
"He was sentenced to six years in prison, the maximum, and a fine of up to $ 100, 000, plus a fine of up to $ 25, 000 for each subsequent conviction, the judge said."
"The new iPhone 7 will be released in the US, but Apple is also working on a worldwide release."
"The 32- year- old said: \"I've got a lot of work to do and I've got a lot of money to spend."
"\"I'm sure you will be pleased to hear that the Prime Minister will be making this very important visit to India,\" he added."
"And I think that's why I think that the way that people in the media have been treated, that is the way they've been treated."
"The Russian president said that a deal was on the table, but it would be difficult to get it to the United States."
"\"We've got a lot of young players in the squad, and a lot of the young players have been in the team for a long time,\" he said."
"The country is currently in a state of emergency and has warned that it could face a \"significant \"lack of funds for emergency relief."
"And it's going to take a lot of work, a lot of hard work, and a lot of hard work, and I hope that it's not going to be just another issue."
"I don't know if I have any friends, but I don't care if I have a boyfriend, I have a husband, and I have a son."
"I'm not sure what the next steps are, but I'm excited to see what comes next."
"The Rams (5- 2) won for the first time in their two games in a row."
"In 2013, it was the fifth time that the Florida senator had appeared in a debate with Clinton, according to The New York Times."
"\"The person that was responsible for the deaths of four of our officers, one of whom was shot, was a real good person and I'm proud of him,\" she said."
"\"I am not a big fan of the United States of America, but I do think it is a very good country,\" he said."
"I was shocked to see him come out of the car, but I was surprised that he was not there at the time."
"And I know it's a good thing because you've been through a lot, but I'm not sure you've been through the whole thing."
"They're all trying to make sense of what is really going on in the world, and how to make sense of it."
"The group has announced plans to launch a car- sharing service, and it plans to do so by 2018."
"The report says the plan is not good enough for consumers, with consumers \"confidence in the market falling by 13% in the last quarter of this year, compared with an average of 9% in the same period a year ago."
"He said he had been in contact with the man and was \"not sure \"whether he was connected to the attacks."
"We know that the numbers of new cases is increasing every year- and we know that more and more people are being infected."
"He said that while the rise of the Islamic State group was \"very significant,\" the impact on the South China Sea was still \"quite small,\" and said it was not possible to say how much of the rise was due to China."
"The FBI has released a report on the case, but it is unclear what the FBI's purpose was in releasing that information."
"But that doesn't mean we won't try to be creative with what we do and what we say on the show."
"He said: \"I think it was a very difficult decision to make, as I was very much against the idea that I would be going to the Olympics."
"The idea was to do a musical, in which the characters are either cast as characters or, if not cast, there is a lot of dialogue."
"The $ 2 billion initiative has already been approved in the U. S., but the country is still expected to be paying the ultimate price."
"We don't know what the other side will do, but we are going to see what happens."
"\"I think the Clinton campaign is going to need to get on with their business plan,\" he said."
"A former employee of the company told the court that he was told by the head of the team at the time that the company was about to close."
"\"We have a lot of great players who are in this group and that's all we can ask for,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice announced in a statement on Tuesday that it would review the case."
"It's a big thing, but we've got to get that going again, and we're going to have to get the balance right."
"The Prime Minister is keen to stress that the UK's position is not a \"second referendum \"in favour of staying in the EU."
"But he did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the incident, and his campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment on whether he had any additional information."
"But what is clear is that the time has come for a serious debate about the future of our national parks."
"But it is very important that we do everything we can to ensure that this does not happen again."
"They are the ones who have had the opportunity to play in the Champions League and are looking forward to it."
"He is not in a position to tell you what he wants to do, but he wants to be the player that he is."
"They've got to get back to the level they were a year ago, and if they can do that, then we're all for it."
"The biggest problem with this is that it's impossible to measure how much money the government is spending on the economy, as it is by the day."
"In the end, it was the right thing to do, and I think it's important that we continue to work together as a team."
"But we do have a strong history in this country and we have a strong community of people who have supported me through this process and I think that's a good thing for us."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said:'The investigation is ongoing but we are treating this incident as a hate crime."
"\"The law doesn't matter to me, I just want the truth,\" she told me, when I asked why she had taken her case to court."
"The SNP has been in power for more than a decade and is now in the minority, with two MPs left out of the party."
"In the last decade, the average income of a new college graduate has risen by $ 20, 000 in the U. S."
"He said he was \"extremely concerned \"about the \"state of the race \"as the race for the Republican nomination continued to heat up."
"\"If you have a friend who is a big fan of your show, that's great,\" he said."
"When asked how he felt about the election, he said, \"I felt very, very sad."
"I don't know what the answer is, but I just want to get this one right and I want to get it right for her."
"He's a very good player and a very good player, so I thought we played a good game and it was a good opportunity to win."
"And if you look at the party's overall record, there are a lot of people who say they support Trump."
"In the first year of the experiment, the researchers asked students to choose between a one- in- 10 chance of getting a heart attack or a one- in- 10 chance of getting a cancer diagnosis."
"But it's not just the fact that people are more interested in the past and less interested in the present."
"The European Commission's executive board of directors voted last week to take the company public, meaning it will go ahead."
"The government will now be forced to demonstrate to the voters that it is in the national interest to keep Britain in the EU."
"The odds of having a child at the age of five have risen by around one in 20, according to the United Nations."
"The league has been extremely clear that it is a matter for the authorities to determine the cause of this incident."
"I think it's going to be a real good thing for the people of New Hampshire, and I think that's going to be a real good thing for our country."
"The key thing is, if we do that we'll be able to change the world, and we can't just change it ourselves."
"The Chinese government is conducting a \"marketing exercise \"to get the best possible deal, the spokesman said."
"If you're going to be in a relationship, you need to be open to changing it as soon as possible."
"The State Department has not yet made a determination on the state of the city of New York after the attacks, and no new information about the attacks has been released."
"He was also in the kitchen preparing dinner, and she was having dinner with his wife and two daughters."
"A year later, in 2009, he was sentenced to 16 years in prison and ordered to pay a fine of $ 500, 000."
"\"We have a lot of potential candidates in the Republican field that are not necessarily [ well- qualified ] to be in the White House,\" he added."
"The report, commissioned by the Liberal Democrats, is expected to be published this week and will be published in full by next week."
"He had a really good game, so he was the first one, the second, the third and so on."
"\"I'm not sure that anyone's really going to be able to understand that,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if you saw it, but I saw it,\" he said in an interview with The New York Times."
"He said the other night, when he was asked what he would do if Trump were elected, he said he would be there to help."
"I was in the same situation as when I was in the first half, it was a good game for us."
"The president- elect has also made it clear he will have to start working with Congress on a plan for a border wall."
"The report's authors said the growth rate for the past year was above the rate of 5. 8 per cent for the UK and 6. 8 per cent for the rest of the EU."
"I think it is very important for the country and the whole world to come to a peaceful resolution of the situation."
"The people who are still in the business, the people who are still in the business, it's time to move on,\" he said."
"He told the BBC:'It is a great shame that we have to go through this process again, because we need to be able to come home and be normal people."
"\"We don't want to see that happen again,\" he said, adding that the country's economy is still weak."
"The programme is intended to provide a short- term fix for people who have not yet had a stroke, and are looking for a stroke treatment."
"I am pleased to say that we are now working on a new contract with the new owners, and we look forward to working with them on our next project."
"\"We are concerned that if this continues, more people will be killed in the coming days and weeks,\" the ministry said."
"\"I'm not a very nice person, but I'm not a very bad person,\" Trump said at a rally in Iowa last month."
"The company's earnings before interest and taxes are forecast to be around $ 1. 2 billion, and the company's net income is forecast to be $ 2. 3 billion, the Wall Street Journal reported."
"It was the most expensive road in the world, and it's the only one we know how to get out of."
"If you're interested in reading more about this and other stories from the school's history, you can find it here."
"The foreign secretary was referring to reports that Mr Trump's transition team is working on a new US policy."
"It's like if you're sitting in a restaurant and there's a fire in front of you, you don't know what's going on."
"It's a pretty big deal, and you don't know what to do with your life."
"There are very few politicians who can say that we will stop the flow of refugees from countries such as Syria and Iraq."
"I can't speak too much about it, but I've been playing a lot of cricket and I'm enjoying it."
"It's not a big deal, but I think it's important to tell the story of what happened to him."
"I think it's a really good thing for us and for the fans that we are still in the race for a title and it's a really good thing for us to get it."
"The World Health Organization has warned that the Zika virus poses a risk to the entire region, with a maximum spread of between 1. 1 to 3. 4 cases per million people."
"It is a very special occasion, and the memories will be shared with all of us, including the players and coaches."
"I don't want to say too much, but I've got a lot of work to do."
"As part of the deal, the Turkish government and Kurdish militants will take part in talks aimed at building a new government."
"He said: \"We have a strong case for the UK to remain in the EU and we will continue to work with our European colleagues."
"\"We're going to see some really, really good shows, but they're not going to be good shows,\" he said."
"A former British army officer has been arrested on suspicion of murder after he was shot to death in a police raid."
"The analysis, which was conducted by a team of researchers from the University of California, San Francisco, found that the government- backed program has been effective in reducing the number of deaths from heart disease and stroke."
"\"I'm not sure why he's not speaking about this and why we're going to get the solution and then he's not going to be talking about it,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have a very tough race,\" said the U. S. senator from Vermont."
"We had a very tough time with our boys, especially those that were out there for that period of time, but that was a side we could have dealt with."
"A judge sentenced the 26- year- old, who was born in Sweden, to life in prison without the possibility of a chance of release."
"I think this is a great opportunity for us to have a conversation about how the system works, and I think it is a good opportunity for us to work together to improve the system."
"The mother- of- one has been living with the disease for more than a year and is worried about her daughter's health."
"He said he would appeal to the court to remove the video from the Internet, and if he is not granted a new trial, to stop it."
"You're going to see a lot of these things, but we've got to keep them coming."
"\"I don't think I've had a better season in my career than I've had in my last one,\" he said."
"The most common type of cancer is type 1, which is the most common form of the disease and affects up to 40 million people worldwide."
"He said he was \"shocked \"to learn that his daughter, who had not been home, was also being treated at the hospital."
"\"We've got to do what we're capable of doing, and that's to keep pushing the ball and give our guys a chance to score goals,\" he told reporters."
"You want to do the right thing, and it's a team effort, and they've done that."
"It's a very, very difficult task and I'm very proud that I got to this point in my career."
"\"We have to make sure we're working with the right people,\" he said, adding that the U. S. would make an effort to ensure that all workers get paid the same wage."
"But I also know that if I'm in a position to make a difference, I will do it."
"The recent global economic growth is expected to pick up this year and in the next three years, according to the Bank of Japan."
"I'm just so proud to have been given this opportunity to play for a club that I've been a part of for so long."
"They said the group had been given access to the phones of a number of ISIS fighters who had previously been in contact with them."
"The task force has not yet decided whether to hold a public hearing on the case or to go to court to try it."
"The report also found that workers were paid less in the year after they arrived in the country, but still had a higher standard of living than their European counterparts."
"I'd like to think I'm better than that, but I don't think I'm."
"\"I have been in the industry for 25 years, and I have seen how it is,\" he says."
"And he said he was ready to take that leadership role, and he has done that for the past two years."
"She said:'I am not going to be happy, but I am going to make it work."
"If you're looking for something new to do, there are plenty of places to go for it, but they're not as affordable as they used to be."
"As a result, the Fed has cut short its policy meetings this week to allow the Fed to consider a rate hike in December."
"The 30- year- old was set to join the squad after being offered a new contract at the end of last season."
"The film's release was delayed in the US, where it has been seen in over 200 countries, but now has been released in the UK."
"He has been under pressure since his shock election win in June, but he has been praised for his leadership in the EU referendum."
"The vast majority of these asylum seekers are fleeing war in Syria, where they have been living since 2013, according to the UN."
"The National Bank of Ireland is on course to close more than 20, 000 jobs this year, according to the latest official figures."
"I think it's important that we focus on what we can do in the next couple of weeks to build up the team."
"But the thing about this race is, I don't know if you've seen the pictures, but I'm not going to lie."
"But the thing is, he's a tough guy, he's a tough guy, he's a tough guy and he knows how to handle it."
"It's a lot of fun to be able to do it in your own home, but also in the country."
"\"It's not just about the quality of the team, it's about the quality of the players and how the team works,\" he added."
"\"The truth is we are going to be working on the international scene and the international stage for the next five or six years,\" he said."
"The court heard the pair, who are both aged between 32 and 45, had been drinking heavily at the time of the alleged offence."
"We know that the same family that was in the car with us was in the car with him in the car with the other two people."
"If we don't have a European Union, we will not be able to work with the EU as we want to work with our friends."
"It's not a natural environment for a young man to be in, but it's a world- class place for a young man to live."
"We are also working closely with the European Union to improve our relationship with the EU in the near future, as well as further developing our cooperation with the EU on trade and security issues."
"I think the question is: Do we really want to know about this in the United States, or do we want to know about it in the United Kingdom?"
"That's why I have to speak for my team because we're not going to be able to defend and that is a big issue."
"It was not immediately clear if he was the one who would receive the same treatment, or if he had any friends or family members in the military."
"There are many ways of doing things, and we all know that in this modern world we all want to do better."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent to close at $ 37. 74, while its shares gained about 10 percent to $ 45. 51."
"The post has been shared more than 18, 000 times on Twitter and was shared more than 14, 000 times in the past 24 hours."
"In the past year, there have been increasing calls for the UK to leave the European Union, with some suggesting a second referendum could be on the cards."
"We've been working hard to make sure we get it right, but the truth is, we're still working a little bit."
"\"I think the fact that the United States and the United Kingdom are at odds on this is a very, very serious problem,\" he said."
"The problem with this argument is that you can't see why the US and Britain would be in a position to try to impose sanctions."
"\"I think there are a lot of people who are very surprised and shocked by what is happening,\" she said."
"The SNP leader was asked if he would back a Yes vote in the referendum and he said: \"I'm not going to comment on that."
"I'm not sure how it's going to go but I'm sure there will be a bit of luck and some new faces."
"You can't be honest with yourself and say you're not going to fix it, but you can try to do that."
"In an interview with the BBC, Mr Johnson said the UK's membership of the EU would be \"a very, very bad deal \"for the UK."
"The U. S. will add 1, 500 additional troops to the U. S. ground forces in Afghanistan by the end of the year, the White House said on Tuesday."
"As a child, I was always told that I could never go to college, so I decided that I wanted to go to college."
"A lot of the time, we've just got to figure out what we're doing and we've got to work as hard as we can."
"\"I can't believe that the police officer who shot my son and killed my son did this to a child,\" she said."
"\"The consequences of a third party's attempt to influence an election can be devastating,\" he added."
"The group said the Syrian government had also killed a number of civilians in the past week, including a school teacher."
"\"I think that's just a natural reaction,\" he said, adding that he was proud of the work he has done for the organization."
"\"There was no way that I could get the attention that I was going to get, and then they had to be there,\" he said."
"\"I'm so happy and I think I've helped the team,\" he said, according to the Associated Press."
"But even if he's not in the running, it's not going to stop him from being president."
"A spokesman for the NHS said: \"We have been made aware of the incident at around 3. 30pm on Monday."
"But she said that she had never seen the footage before and did not think it was meant to be taken at a public hearing."
"The Prime Minister was due to meet with the EU leaders on Thursday to discuss the UK's departure from the EU."
"\"It was hard for us to play for two months, but we played well,\" he said of his team's run."
"I've been doing this for a long time and I think it's time to give it a go."
"The Australian dollar is the biggest single source of foreign currency and the United States dollar is the biggest single source of Australian government debt."
"I think the last thing that we want is for people to think that we're going to do anything to stop Donald Trump."
"She said:'It's a very sad thing to see a baby, I'm really sorry."
"It's hard to see a future without him, especially when you consider the NFL is a decade old, and the NFL has a very long history of removing players for their gender."
"He said:'I didn't think it was going to be this bad, but I just went off and did what I thought was best for my child."
"The government also released its own economic forecast, which showed a 4. 1 per cent increase in manufacturing jobs."
"And he said that he did not know if he had ever been to the party, but that he was in the party and he had to vote for him."
"You've got to be a good coach, but you've got to know that if you don't get it right, it can be hard to get back."
"The BBC's most senior reporter was on the plane to Scotland on a few days' holiday in May, and has remained there ever since, despite the fact that he was not allowed to fly."
"\"I don't know how you could do it,\" he told the reporter, according to the Los Angeles Times."
"But he was so young that he didn't know how to use his hands or the techniques he was learning."
"\"It's not about winning, it's not about winning a championship, it's about winning a little bit of money,\" he said."
"\"I have seen people who have been in the business for years come to the conclusion that there is no way they will ever be able to get the jobs they want,\" he said."
"\"I'm trying to get back into the game and try to be a better player in the future,\" he said."
"The percentage of people in this group who had no alcohol at all in the past year increased by 17. 9 percent compared to the same time in 2014."
"\"If we don't have a strong case, I don't see how we can bring them back,\" he said."
"The story goes that she took her own life after that, but police are still trying to determine the cause of death."
"\"It's very difficult to give an answer, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The players that were suspended for the first two games of the season were all suspended for the entire 2015 season and are now in the final year of their contracts."
"The Home Office said it had already launched an investigation into the case but it was not immediately clear how many of those interviewed had been interviewed."
"This is an opportunity for us to get back to work and hopefully get a good result and get some points."
"The study also found that the effect of high- protein foods on heart health was significant, with a significant association between high- protein foods and a significantly higher risk of developing heart disease."
"The day after he was born, his mother gave birth to her son, but she didn't have the money to buy a new car."
"When the company went public in 2014, it was in the hands of a few of its senior executives."
"It was a lot of fun, but it's one that I've been wanting to do since I was a little kid."
"\"I don't think the government should be doing this,\" said the 47- year- old."
"The board says it is \"well aware \"of the potential problems and will try to resolve them as soon as possible."
"The damage was caused by the blast that hit the car, but it was not clear how the fire was spreading."
"The law was passed in 2009 in response to the attacks of two years of protests over the migrant crisis."
"\"It is a new way of life for me, I am an American, so I don't want to see it destroyed,\" she said."
"He's got a very strong team, and we just have to keep going with him."
"If the same thing happens to you, it could be something that's a bit different, like the way you look, or the way you feel, or something else."
"\"We have a lot of people who are very excited about the show and we're very excited about the creative process,\" he said."
"\"If it was a third party like that, I don't think we'd be talking about that at all,\" he said."
"And I think that is the best way to get the best possible results for the children and for the families that we're going to be a part of."
"The nation's largest bank has raised the price of its shares in a bid to boost its stock market profile."
"A spokesperson for the Met said: \"This is the first major investigation into the death of a child in the care of the police."
"There is no way for me to say I'm not going to be there, but I'm going to be there."
"The first step is to do everything we can to help you find your missing person and bring them to justice."
"The company is also set to announce a significant change in its terms of use, which will be published in the coming weeks."
"The company's net sales rose to $ 20. 7 billion in the first quarter, up from $ 19. 3 billion in the first quarter of 2015, according to Thomson Reuters data."
"\"If I'm going to take my son to school, I'm going to take him to school,\" he said."
"I was very disappointed in the way he played, but I didn't see that in his game."
"He added:'They are very loyal and they will do anything for their family, they will do anything to get it back."
"But you know, I'm not going to give up, because I believe that if we don't do something, we're not going to do it."
"\"We've been in the market for years, and we were so excited when we heard about the size of the team,\" he said."
"And so we're hoping that the decision we've got on the Scottish Government's part will be decided at the next meeting of the Scottish Parliament."
"The government's first major action on the issue came just days after the Brexit vote, when it became apparent that Scotland would not be able to join the single market."
"\"They're just the kind of people that, at the end of the day, you don't really want to be a part of,\" he said."
"\"It is time for the government to take a stand on this issue and to put an end to the cycle of violence and division,\" he added."
"\"It's not that we don't have a story to tell, it's just that the story we tell is different,\" he said."
"\"If you don't know your own history, then you are not prepared to deal with the problems that exist,\" he says."
"\"I would imagine that with a little bit of luck, we would get the right one,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is that people understand that there's a lot of work to be done,\" he says."
"The former first lady, U. S. senator and first lady has made her point about what she calls \"America First,\" which means making sure every American has the opportunity to own a home."
"He has been a big part of our success, and we have to accept that and get on with the job of defending the club."
"I've had a lot of good experiences with the club over the last few months and I'm really happy to be here."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that you have to be there to be able to make decisions,\" he said."
"\"I know I'll be back, and I'll be back, but I'll have to do it myself,\" she said."
"If I had to choose between my son, my wife, or my daughter, I would choose my daughter, not my son, because I have a daughter."
"Theresa May is to give her first official speech on the UK's relationship with the European Union since the referendum."
"In addition, we're working with the secretary to determine how we can better support the families of those killed in this shooting."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that a lot of the people in this room have not been involved in this process,\" he said."
"\"I was going to say that I was just trying to get to know her, and not to tell her what to do,\" he said."
"And a lot of the people who don't know him, who have never met him, they just assume he's crazy."
"It was only after I had been in the hospital for a couple of weeks that I started to understand that this was the place where I had to be."
"The couple had a baby boy, but they've had a lot of problems, and now they're trying to move out of their house."
"We have to be confident that our players have the ability to play on the field, but we need to have a strong squad to do that."
"A spokeswoman for the U. S. State Department said in a statement that the State Department had reviewed the matter and that no other agency was involved."
"She said the move was part of a \"long- term strategy \"for the UK to become a global player in the energy sector."
"The migrants, who arrived in Greece from Turkey in the summer of 2015, were taken to a reception centre in the town of 4, 200 people."
"And when you're in the middle of a long weekend, it's not a place you want to be."
"It's not the first time in recent years that a major company has taken a stand in a race to succeed its first female CEO."
"It is a bit of a relief to see him back but the fact he was able to do that is very nice."
"I'm just really excited to see what he does and I think that's what we're going to have to see."
"The UK government said it was \"fully committed \"to the UK's position on the EU, adding that it would review its approach to the EU in the coming months."
"\"We are not going to put anything up to this point, but we'll see how it all plays out,\" he said."
"He is a man with no regard for what the political situation is in his country or what is going on around him."
"\"I'm not the type of person to rush things, but I have to make sure that I'm ready for the challenge,\" he said."
"I think that's what we've seen from the league over the last few years, that we've got to be very careful and make sure we don't let any of our players get away with that."
"But the law is still being challenged in courts, and the issue has been on hold for months as the case has been brought before the Supreme Court."
"\"I've got to get my own way, because I'm not going to be able to go to the doctor because I'm not going to get my own medicine,\" he said."
"It's important to make sure you're getting the best out of your body and your mind."
"If the Fed raises rates, and if the economy continues to grow, then the Fed is likely to raise interest rates again soon."
"The four- year- old girl, who was born with an additional brain injury, was taken to a hospital with serious injuries, according to a police statement."
"\"I am sure that the boys will be ready for the games against Scotland,\" he said."
"The UK economy grew at an annual rate of 3. 5% in the third quarter of 2015, up from the 2. 5% annual rate recorded in the second quarter of 2014."
"We are going to go to work on Monday morning and we will have a real problem on Wednesday morning."
"The report, published in the journal of the Royal Society, found that most workers don't feel safe working in the work environment."
"It's a great way to start off the season and give yourself a little bit of confidence as we go into the playoffs."
"And if you don't have access to the internet, you can watch all the videos and watch all the movies on your phone."
"It's a very important thing to understand about the nature of the problem and how we can solve it."
"It is a risk, and one that we all have to take, but it is a risk we all need to take."
"But the best way to see that this is the best way to see is to look at the whole of the situation, which is a lot more complicated than the one that is the most complicated."
"If you're going to be the leader of the free world, you need to take responsibility for your actions."
"But then I was really nervous because I was only playing for one team, so I was really worried that I was going to lose my job."
"We have a lot of young players who are very good, so we've got to give them a lot of quality."
"But if the government is to save the NHS from this crisis, it must be able to protect people from the worst effects."
"This is a win- win situation for everyone, but it's also a win- win situation for the Premier League, too."
"In the end, the women's game is still a part of the game, so they don't have to work all the hard hours."
"\"I think I've improved a lot in the last few weeks, and I'm just enjoying it,\" said the 22- year- old."
"The researchers found that the average number of hours worked by the workers was 45. 4 hours, compared to 32. 5 hours for the workers at the same firm."
"I've been doing this for years, and I've got a lot of friends in this group who've got lots of experience."
"There are no plans for a public vote on the measure in the near future, but the council has decided that it is not a priority."
"\"We need to get some of that in place so that we don't have to be in the same position every single day,\" he said."
"In a statement released late Monday, the state's attorney's office said the prosecution had failed to prove a link between the teen's death and a gun used in the attack."
"The announcement was welcomed by the Prime Minister, who has been urging his MPs to vote against the plan."
"It was a challenge because we had been in the league all season, and we had been playing in the same division for about five years."
"It was just the start of the process, but the main thing was to get our own money back and we are still going to try to get some of it back."
"The UK government is determined to use all its power to protect the rights and interests of British workers in Europe and the world."
"I'm not sure what the consequences would be if he did, but I can imagine him getting more angry."
"The average increase in output for the month of August so far in 2016 was 0. 4% compared with a rise of 0. 4% for the month of July."
"They're trying to get out of the country so they can go back to their roots, to their country, and they're trying to get out of this area so they can build a house and they can go to school and they can do"
"\"If they have a problem with the climate, then we'll work with them to get it fixed,\" she said."
"He added that the government had made a decision to use the full powers of Parliament to provide the support for the UK to remain in the European Union."
"The \"Star Wars \"series is a popular movie franchise with over 3. 5 million tickets sold in the United States alone."
"But he said he's been invited by a number of top Republicans to Washington and that he's still considering the issue."
"The person who'd just killed himself and the person who'd just stabbed his partner and then the people who were just walking up to him."
"I was a little surprised when I saw the reaction to the video, but I felt like I had done something right."
"In some cases, people have been given up to 15 days to apply for asylum or a holiday in their home country."
"The fact that she has made it so far, and that she has been able to do so much, is a sign of the good times ahead."
"But even then, he said, the company's revenue was not necessarily what it should be."
"The Government has said it is looking into the possibility of using the scheme to pay for other welfare costs."
"He's a wonderful character and we were delighted to be able to have him in the mix and to have him back in the mix again."
"But the economy is improving and, with the Fed's last rate hike in June, the unemployment rate is low, at 4. 9 percent, well below the national average."
"A survey of more than 1, 000 people in London, England, found that about one in five people felt they had been attacked, and that about one in five people felt that they had been sexually assaulted."
"I think he's got to get on with it and he's got to get comfortable with his team and he's got to get comfortable with the way we play, how we play and what we do."
"If they don't pay the fine, they will be charged with a lower fine, and the new fine will be paid for the existing one."
"It was clear that he would not let his family go and he wanted to be back home as soon as possible."
"As a result of these factors, the survey found, the majority of Americans (64 percent) said they were very or somewhat concerned about the economy."
"But I think it's the right thing, and I think that if we do it, we're going to get the nomination."
"He has to prove himself and if he is not, then we are not going to be able to turn that around."
"\"It's difficult to know whether there's any good reason for the government to do what they are doing,\" he said."
"If you're not in the U. S. and don't have access to a credit card, there are several ways you can get your money back."
"The company said it has not yet released an estimate of the number of jobs affected by the action, but it expects job losses of between 10, 000 and 20, 000 in the next three years."
"It's like when you're a kid and you have to be a kid and you have to have the energy and the focus and the determination to play the game."
"The first time I heard the word \"rape \"from someone in the wrong context, I was still surprised."
"\"I'm not going to be surprised if we get a little bit of interest from the press,\" he said."
"\"We know we've got a lot of work to do to get to the level we need to be,\" he said."
"I'm not saying that there are some of these people, but it's a bit of a stretch to say that."
"\"I think the reason I have to do this is because I want to see more of this,\" he said."
"\"You're going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation where you're going to be a part of a group that's going to be great,\" he said."
"\"If we want to get a good deal, we need to look at a lot of things,\" he said."
"But now, with a new generation of players coming through, I am determined to bring a new level of competition to the club."
"It's very hard for a lot of the teams to get to the finals because they have so many games left."
"In the second half of the game, we had a lot of chances and it was a good result."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to do that, but I'm not going to be running it,\" he said."
"If you're planning a trip to London, do it with your best friends, and you'll be on your way."
"\"It's the first game I've played in my life and I've played a lot of college games,\" he said."
"In fact, he was a good friend of mine, and I will always be a friend of mine."
"\"I think there's a lot of people out there who have really grown up in the last few years who are still living through it,\" he said."
"It has also been reported that he has been to Syria to train rebels in the fight against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al- Assad."
"\"You have to understand that the question is, do you have a clear vision for what's going to happen and where you're going to go,\" he said."
"He said that the main problem was not the terrorists but the civil war in Syria, which has killed more than 250, 000 people and displaced half the country's population."
"It's not that they don't want to be a part of it, but they are in it to win it."
"The couple have been together for almost four years, and have not spoken about their relationship for more than a year."
"I don't think there was anything wrong with it but it was a bit of a shock to see."
"\"If I'd been a boy, I would've been the same,\" he said, adding that he's had some \"people \"eat his tears."
"The U. S. has a history of sending troops into conflict areas, including Afghanistan, to help defeat ISIS."
"In other words, it's not about how much you're earning, it's about how much you're earning in a certain amount of time."
"\"The whole thing was so wild, I couldn't even remember what I had seen,\" she said."
"He told the hearing that he had been arrested on suspicion of attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State, and had been told by police officers he was planning to carry out a suicide attack."
"He has said that he will not participate in the vote, and that he plans to be back in the ring for the next four- month shoot."
"\"He's a young man and we just want him to have a good life, to have a good family,\" she said."
"The government's economic plan, released on Wednesday, aims to create at least 8, 000 jobs and boost the national minimum wage to $ 15 an hour by 2020."
"The study found that women who have been diagnosed with breast cancer are four times more likely to die from the disease than those who have not."
"We're very lucky to have the amazing work of the United States and the people of the United States who have helped me so much."
"I know he's going to be a huge part of our preparation, but I don't think he'll be around for a long time."
"I don't think the U. S. can compete with Germany, but at least we can be a leader."
"The first thing you need to do is see what is going on in your life, and the answer is yes, you have to be prepared to change."
"The girls are the most exciting and fun to watch- they have a special bond, and it's what makes them special."
"The British Medical Journal reported that the official death toll rose to at least 26 after the attack, but was reduced to 10 when a helicopter crew took off."
"If you're going to win the presidential election, you're going to have to make the case that you're going to win the Democratic nomination."
"The company's stock has fallen to $ 10. 34 in the past 12 months, from $ 10. 36 in 2011."
"We would like to see the program changed, we would like to see the program changed to allow more young people to make an informed choice, and we would like to see more young people go to college."
"I have a lot of confidence in him and I know he is going to be a great addition to the team."
"It's important to have a sense of what you're doing, what you're doing, and how much it takes to change the world."
"It's a shame that this is a story that we are still hearing about but the fact that it's something we are hearing about right now is great."
"He said he had never used it, but said he did not know what it was and would not be able to say for sure."
"It's something that's become more of a reality, but it's something that's not easy to get a handle on."
"We need to have a conversation with the world about the future, about the future of the future of our country, about the future of our country and about what we can do to get back to a better future."
"\"I don't think it's a matter of whether he is going to go to jail or not,\" he said."
"The company said it had moved the project to a new facility in a remote part of the city, and said the company was looking for a new location."
"If you're not getting a good deal for your time and money, why should you buy a home that doesn't meet your needs?"
"He says that because his family moved to the city, he couldn't go back to his old neighborhood."
"He said: \"I have spoken to the Secretary of State, who has been very positive about the way that we're going to deal with the issue."
"A man was stabbed to death in a south London street after a row broke out between two groups of young men."
"I've been on the same train for a year now, and I've only had a couple of days off."
"\"I have been very clear that I'm not going to be looking at the presidential race,\" he told The Associated Press."
"The police report says that she was last seen at 2: 30 a. m. and that she had been missing for an hour."
"I think I have a lot to learn, and I've got a lot of good things to learn, but I'm still going to learn."
"In a statement to the court, he said:'I've been waiting for someone to tell me how I got my father to live."
"\"The way he played today is fantastic, and I'm sure he'll be playing a lot of different positions as well,\" he said."
"The case has been brought in the United States and is being conducted in the United Kingdom, though the case is not yet in the United States."
"The other thing that I can say, I know what the rest of the day was like, but I didn't know how long it would be."
"The police are going out of their way to keep you safe, to keep you safe from the worst kind of violence."
"That's why it's important to get the ball in the air and do everything we can to make the team better."
"We know we can get a lot of success on the road, and we know we can win the game on the road if we take our game to them."
"But at least we can get some peace of mind in the first half of the season and see where we are."
"I'm going to be the first one to do it for you, and I'm going to be the first one to do it for you in the world."
"\"There is no question that the Scottish Parliament has been very successful in this area and it is a great honour to represent it,\" he said."
"The child is still in the care of the police and we are appealing to anyone who has information to come forward."
"We are going to give him a chance to play and he can do that, but I know he is going to be ready for this game."
"They have shown a lot of faith in the people and that's what we need to be proud of."
"We will make sure that we have a strong squad that can carry on as we have for the next four or five years."
"He added:'It's great that we're going to be doing something about it and the local community."
"He said:'I'm so sorry to say this but I didn't know what it meant."
"\"We're going to build a wall and we're going to build a wall that's going to keep out all those drugs,\" he said."
"The new season starts on September 30 and the first half of the 2016- 17 season is set to be a test."
"I've been told that there is no one in the United States who has the ability to do this."
"The other thing, I think, is the incredible impact that it's had on the sport and the sports world."
"But it was the latest in a string of incidents in which the family of a mother killed in a traffic accident had been forced to pay for her funeral."
"They also say the number of people who have been charged with offences against the law has declined by a third since 2010."
"The S & P 500 index is up 2. 3 per cent, while the S & P 500 is down 3. 3 per cent."
"This has been a long- running problem in the United States and Europe- the country has seen its unemployment rate rise from around 15 percent to 24 percent."
"A lot of people have been asking me about it and it's always been a tough one to sort of get it out of the way."
"\"I'm not going to comment on the integrity of the FBI investigation,\" he said, adding that he would not comment on the timing of the announcement."
"It's been a long time coming, but I'm going to try and do the best I can for the team."
"The remaining nine people, including a U. S. Navy F- 16 fighter jet, are being treated in hospital."
"But the net effect on the market is a drop in sales, and that could be a big problem for the stock."
"When you go to the club, it's about getting the best players in the world, so we want to make sure we are not only doing that but we are also doing it to the best of our ability."
"If you're a Trump supporter, it's not too late to get involved and vote for him."
"The full extent of the damage to the city is yet to be seen, but it could be decades before the damage is fully known."
"\"The first time I thought I was going to be the President- elect, but I'm not,\" he said."
"The Republican National Committee also announced that it had increased its fundraising for the month by $ 5. 4 million."
"He's got a lot of work to do to be a better player and to get the chance to play for a team that's been around for a long time."
"In fact, it's a common theme among social media sites and in some cases even real- life celebrities."
"\"I think it's time for us to be able to do this together,\" she said of the summit."
"This will mean more than one million people will be forced out of their homes and the number of migrants arriving in the EU will rise."
"But the group's report also notes that the current violence is not affecting their performance, with the group scoring a 1. 7 in the last two years."
"And I think what's most important is the fact that we are going to continue to work with the United States on the security of the Middle East."
"But he said: \"This is the first time we've ever had this kind of support, and it's been overwhelming."
"The second time around, we had a couple of people that didn't get a chance to play, so we decided to go in there and try to take advantage of that."
"As a result, many of the babies who survive at the hospital are likely to be at risk for more serious infections."
"The report also found that the average number of asylum seekers and refugees who were sent back to the UK was on the rise again."
"He was in the building when he heard the explosion and ran to the scene to get help but was later shot dead."
"She also said that she was \"shocked \"by the reports that the two had been involved in the murder of an elderly couple."
"The bus driver was arrested after the incident, but the driver has since been released on bail."
"A: We have to understand the game is about the game and you have to be able to defend the game."
"It's not like you're doing anything crazy, you just go and do your job."
"\"It's hard to believe that this is not something that was done by a man that was born in the United States and raised in Mexico,\" he said."
"This is why I always say that if I am not with my team, I am with my team, and I will be with my team, I will be with my team."
"It's a great feeling to be able to be in a game where you're competing against other teams and you're competing against a lot of different guys."
"The poll found that 57 percent of Americans don't think the U. S. economy is in good shape, while 47 percent say it's in worse shape."
"We are not going to go through the process of waiting for the rest of the world to have a chance to see it because we need to go through the process of trying to see it."
"The Justice Department, which has been investigating Clinton for her use of a private email server, did not immediately comment on the email case."
"And you can't take away the freedom that the American people have had to have the freedom to choose what they want to do with their lives."
"\"He's a great guy and a great coach, and I know he's going to be a great guy to have around,\" he said."
"That is not a surprise, given the firm's recent growth in the smartphone market, but it is a different story for a company that is making a lot of money."
"\"I think I'll be able to do it a little bit easier,\" he said, adding that he's \"so excited \"to be playing in the World Cup."
"The woman is said to be in a stable condition in hospital, and the man has not been identified."
"The central bank also said it was \"considering \"the impact of the referendum on its policy decisions, although it said it would not make a decision until the referendum had been held."
"There's a lot of really good people around, but there's a lot of bad people around, and I've been lucky enough to be one of them."
"It is important to understand that the economic model is an excellent model for what we can achieve in the future."
"The Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates again next week, likely before the end of the month."
"The fact that he's been on the show, it's something that we can all agree on."
"\"It's not going to happen, but it's not the end of the world,\" he said."
"He also said he would not have won the election if it was not for the support of former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg."
"The former head of the International Olympic Committee said the Olympics were not for him, but he was sure he would be a good father to his children."
"She said: \"I feel like we're in the middle of a political revolution- I'm not sure that will happen."
"A few hours later, she called me to say she was in a bad way, and that she was going to try and kill me."
"They are part of the same family, but they are different, they are in different stages of development, and they are all doing really well."
"The campaign has set up a new website, Facebook, and a Twitter account, which is already gaining followers."
"The man, who has not been named, was taken to hospital in critical condition and was taken to a local hospital for treatment."
"The report also says that the number of people who were once employed in the UK has increased from 1. 6 million in 2012 to 2. 1 million in 2015."
"And it's not just about the money that makes this a game- changing feature: it's about the way in which it's created."
"He said:'I feel like I am an ordinary person, but I am an ordinary person because I have been working in this industry for so long."
"I've got a lot of work to do, so I'll be looking to get back to the main stage."
"\"We're not going to give up on this thing, we're going to do the right thing,\" he said."
"He said: \"We have been in contact with the Scottish Government and they will provide us with the details as we can."
"You can't do that if you don't have a plan, because you don't know what will happen if the plan doesn't work."
"It's hard, but it's good to get a little bit more confidence, and I think we have that."
"If you think that's the way we should be doing things, you're wrong."
"If you're going to come in and help our team win, then you've got to bring the right attitude and the right attitude of the manager."
"The government is also expected to announce a tax on the sale of so- called \"safe \"fuel to help combat climate change."
"It is the first time in a generation that the UK has voted to leave the European Union and the first time a British government has done so in more than a decade."
"The UK is a major global market and the UK Government has committed to investing in the sector over the next five years."
"\"I don't think it's been a bad week, I think it's been a really good week,\" he said."
"\"If you look at the figures, they're higher than the three years ago, which is probably true for a lot of people,\" he said."
"It's been a big step forward for us and we're going to try and make the most of this."
"\"I don't know if I'd go to work if I didn't think there was a problem,\" he said."
"He is the reason why we have a whole generation of kids, and I think we are all going to have to do a lot more to help."
"If they're going to get a strong response, they need to be able to respond quickly to these kinds of situations."
"We've got a good squad but we need to make sure we get the right squad to play at this level, so we'll try and do that."
"But in the last few years, I've been doing it, and I've got a lot of fans who are getting on me."
"She is one of the most important people I have ever met in my life and I can't thank her enough."
"I was on the first floor and I felt like I was in the same room as the whole building."
"\"We have to be honest, we don't know what's going to happen,\" he said."
"You can't really say that the teams are in the same boat as the opposition, but it's hard to say, because I don't know what will happen in the next game."
"She has been on the campaign trail in Florida for the past two days and has made an appearance on CNN's State of the Union."
"It's not that I can't read, but I have to respect the fact that I can."
"It's like a real- life version of what we see in the movies, where you are the hero, and you're the guy who goes around killing people."
"It's not a new thing, but it's something I've been trying to figure out for a while."
"I don't know how long it will last, but we've got a lot of guys that are going to be in our squad for the next two or three years."
"He's a big man, but I think he's just got to go out there and do it and be ready to play."
"She was not allowed to take her son to the doctor's office and said she would not have her son with her."
"The government's decision to hold a referendum on the issue is likely to have an impact on the country's relations with Europe."
"We want to see what's happening in the world, and we're not going to let the world stop working with us."
"He said:'I think it's a shame because it doesn't make any sense to me."
"But it is a shocking development and I have no doubt that there will be more victims of trafficking in the future."
"The centre, which opened in 2005, is a place where couples and families gather to talk about sex and relationships."
"That's a good thing- because it helps you focus on the things you need to focus on and it can help you focus on your life."
"The City of London has been accused of \"stealing \"money from its residents, despite spending millions of pounds on infrastructure to keep them safe."
"\"I don't know how it can be that if you have a strong voice, you can't get it to speak for you,\" she said."
"The most popular answer, however, is that the US is the only major country in the world to have a nuclear weapon."
"He said he had tried to warn the police, but had been told by the authorities that the incident was not serious."
"It was a blow for her, but she said she was not going to have to take it."
"In the past, I have tried to be careful with my talk, but in this case it has been a real eye opener."
"The firm said it is \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and is working with the Government and other relevant authorities to resolve the matter."
"It is not clear whether the documents have been released in time for a final ruling on the case to be heard in the Supreme Court."
"I'm not sure how long I'll have to wait for the club to announce a move, but I'll be looking at it."
"The overall unemployment rate in the United States is 5. 4 percent, but it is 4. 4 percent for men and 3. 9 percent for women."
"\"The Scottish Government will continue to work with the Scottish Government on this matter and will continue to review the matter as it is before the courts,\" she said."
"But the vast majority of the patients are either getting their insurance through their employer or are not in the plans yet."
"\"I'm not sure what he's going to do with that body, but I'm sure it will be a good body,\" he said."
"That is a very small group, and the people who make it, and the people who buy it, they are the ones who are responsible for the company's success."
"\"The most important thing is to get the right person in the right place to do it,\" he told BBC Wales."
"It is unclear if he will be offered a new contract, but he has been in the side for six months."
"The first of the five- minute videos is a close- up of the woman's face and the second shows the person in the second frame."
"\"I didn't know what to say, I just wanted my life back,\" she said in the interview."
"I'm not going to give up on the campaign because there is still a lot to do."
"I hope I'm not as quick as I thought I was, but I think I can do it."
"The government has told the BBC it is \"disappointed \"by the decision and is \"working with our partners \"on ways to improve the work environment."
"I have made a couple of plays that I think are going to be great for me and I think that's going to be really good."
"It's very interesting and we're all just very excited to be doing it and we're looking forward to it."
"It was the second time this season he's missed the first two games and he'll be looking to improve on that."
"\"I know it's going to be hard for him to win, but he's got to be able to come out and have a good game,\" he said."
"\"We have an enormous amount of work to do to get to a place where we can make a difference to the lives of our children,\" he said."
"The new poll shows Clinton with a 10- point lead over Trump among likely voters in the state, while Trump has a nine- point lead."
"He said the company's products are similar to the ones that have made headlines in the last year, but are significantly cheaper."
"We want to be a part of the world, we want to be a part of the world, and we're going to be a part of that world."
"\"I don't know how I would have been able to do it without my parents,\" she said."
"\"I think we have a good chance of winning it and I'm looking forward to getting back to work,\" he said."
"It's a fantastic thing to be in the Premier League and be a part of and to be involved in a team that has been playing for so long and have won so many titles, is really exciting."
"\"I was a bit nervous because I thought I'd have to do it all again, but I didn't have to do it all,\" she said."
"The court heard that it was not clear whether the officers had been aware of the presence of the men when the man was being interviewed."
"A lot of people have said it's just the way we are and I think it's an indication of the way we want to play."
"The boy, who has not been named, was taken to a hospital for treatment for head injuries, which are not believed to be life- threatening."
"\"They were given the green light to walk down the street and maybe they would be in the house,\" she said."
"\"It's a very interesting idea, and I think it's really good for the industry,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to tell you what it is, but I'll tell you what it's about,\" she said."
"The UK has been one of the first countries to set out its position on the EU's exit from the bloc, which could be up to the US."
"It's about how we manage the players, how we look after them, how we keep them healthy, how we manage the environment."
"The guy who comes in here and asks us to do something, and we just want to go out and do it."
"That's a pretty good start, but then you have to think about how you're going to play out there, and we've been up against some really good teams this year."
"And I think that's a good thing because you don't want to lose your mind, you want to be in the best position to be in the best position."
"\"If there's a chance to make a difference in the world, then I'm ready to do that,\" he said."
"The jury of eight women and five men was told at least four women were murdered by a man who was also a father of two."
"If you think about it, you'd like to have more of that in your life, but you're not going to be able to afford it."
"It's not clear why the migrants have been allowed to reach Italy and other countries, and what they will do there."
"I was surprised that there were so many people who wanted to come and see the show, but I didn't think that they'd be happy to have a part."
"If there's a big change in the market, I would be surprised if the price is anywhere near where we would expect it to be."
"He is also a former president of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a member of the board of directors of the National Academy of Arts and Science."
"The game is not going to be the best we've played it's going to be a different game and we have to make sure we keep it fresh."
"I'm not sure why I was so surprised that he would decide to have a baby with his friend."
"I know it's going to be tough but I'm looking forward to the challenge and getting back into the shape I'm at."
"\"I think we should give him a chance to develop, and we've been doing that,\" he said."
"\"The way we are talking about it is that there's a lot of pressure on this,\" he said."
"The main reason that I have gone through this process is that I have never felt like I had to do this."
"He said: \"I know it's a personal matter for everyone involved, but I am not going to comment on it."
"The Democratic presidential candidate's office on Tuesday said that the FBI was working on a new email probe, but that it was not clear what the new investigation would include."
"In a statement, a spokeswoman for the Treasury said: \"The Bank of England's main interest rate has not changed, and is currently set to remain the same."
"The company has more than 1, 500 employees in the U. S., according to its website and in the U. K. The company has a global presence of over 20 million customers."
"\"I didn't have a clear understanding of the nature of the problem,\" she said, adding that she had no idea why her son was suffering."
"\"The world has changed,\" he said in an interview on Thursday, pointing to the success of the first round of talks."
"In his speech, Mr Trump also said he would \"totally destroy \"the US- led coalition fighting Islamic State in Syria and Iraq."
"The most important thing about this campaign is that we're going to win a lot of delegates and that's the only way we're going to win a lot of people."
"There's no doubt that this is the biggest game in the history of the game and I think it will be even bigger."
"He said: \"There is a very clear line between what is right and wrong in this country."
"I'm just happy that we can get back to where we were, but we have to be ready for anything."
"\"We will do what is necessary to protect the human rights of the children,\" he said, adding that they are the ones who have to make decisions."
"\"They're all in the same boat,\" he said, adding that the union is making a deal with them."
"I'm very happy to be back in Australia, but I can't wait to get back home to watch the team play again."
"I don't know what they're going to do next but I think they're going to be very, very happy."
"The U. S. Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday that a California man who had been arrested for a drug offense has a right to a jury trial."
"\"I'm still trying to get out of my mind and I'm still trying to find my voice,\" he said."
"The US government's own estimate of the number of civilians killed in Iraq and Syria is around 5, 000."
"The evidence of the past few weeks is that the kind of culture changes that have occurred in the last few years have been at least as significant as what happened last year."
"He was the most popular politician in the world and was the only person to win a general election in the country."
"We will continue to work with the government to ensure that those who have been left behind can return to their communities."
"\"There are a lot of people that are going to be watching this,\" he said, \"and we're going to watch it."
"I think it's a very, very strong country and, as you know, the people of this country are very, very strong."
"The police are saying they are not looking for anyone in connection with the shooting, but have released a statement saying that they are investigating the circumstances of the shooting."
"In the past, the two countries have been at odds over the way in which the US should use its nuclear weapons, and the fact that they have a joint military."
"I feel that I am not alone and that I am a part of the community and that I am also a part of the world."
"The government is expected to announce a new electoral law on Tuesday, which would remove the state from the list of countries that can ban same- sex marriage."
"It's been a long road to get here, but you've got the opportunity now to get involved in the game."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference that is, but I think it's something we should all be aware of."
"But there are some areas where we've got to work in to getting the best results and the best results that we can."
"The family's lawyers say the new information about the crash is the first to be made public."
"The only way to stop this is to get the government to step in and take this issue seriously."
"We just need to be on the front foot and we're going to go out and try to win the game."
"But I don't think the BBC will be able to do that if they're not going to be a part of the negotiations."
"In the end, however, we have to wait and see how the whole thing plays out, and what happens with the company itself."
"It's not only the players who are getting injured, it's their fans who are getting injured too."
"It's not just about the party ; it's about the values of the party and the values of the people."
"He said the two were likely to meet in the next few days to discuss the possibility of a possible deal, and that the council would likely consider making a statement at a later date."
"The fact that the Supreme Court did not hear arguments on the case is not a surprise to those who have followed the case closely."
"It's going to be tough, but I'm excited about it and I'm going to try and keep it going."
"We have made it very clear that we are not going to let the situation in Syria or Ukraine get worse,\" the prime minister said."
"It's been quite a long time since we've played here and we're just enjoying ourselves and enjoying each other."
"\"When I get to a certain age, I'll always want to be part of something that's happening to me,\" she says."
"The Canadian dollar has fallen for the second time in a month, dropping more than 10 per cent against the U. S. dollar."
"In a statement issued on Saturday, the American Medical Association said it was \"disappointed \"at the decision."
"A group of women, including a 22- year- old man, were arrested and taken to hospital after a police search."
"If we can do it, the French will have a huge advantage, if not a huge advantage at that."
"The deal is expected to be completed by the end of this month and it will be used for the first time in a decade."
"The couple's first big hit came when they were both taken in the second round, and they were subsequently sent off."
"I think it's important to remember that we've got an economy that is growing at a very healthy rate, and that's what we're doing."
"The president- elect also said that he was willing to meet with Russian leaders if the Russian leader did not want to be a part of the deal."
"She also said that she was disappointed with the results of the federal and state elections in which she lost three of her four Senate races."
"When they are not performing well, they are very hard to get to, and it is very hard to get to if you don't know what you are doing."
"They're not going to make me do it, because I don't want to be in the public eye."
"The company's stock fell more than 8% in after- hours trading on Wednesday, following a 13% decline last week."
"In fact, the two people who shot him were friends, and they had recently been dating for about a year."
"You could have a couple of people that are good, but you're not going to have a group of people that are good."
"He also said he would \"not vote for a Hillary Clinton or a Donald Trump \"if the Democratic Party were to lose the November election."
"\"We're going to make sure that everyone is covered, and that everyone is getting the coverage they need,\" she said."
"I'd like to think that the world will be better for it because it's all about being in control."
"\"It's an honor to be a part of this team, and I'm looking forward to helping the team win,\" he said."
"It was a different style but the first one I had to work hard on and I had to get good in the first two weeks."
"It's like a family, and I've never seen that before, so it feels like a new beginning for me."
"It was like we had been on a golf course for two days, and it was the first time we had actually seen each other."
"He said:'I am so shocked, I couldn't believe it at first because I thought it was the first time I had ever seen him."
"The NHS has been criticised for failing to improve the conditions of patients who are likely to benefit from its care."
"The way I was raised and the way I was raised, I had to be ready to go, and I'm ready to go."
"And then, you know, the reality is, I think, the only way we can be able to stop the violence is to admit that this is a terrible, terrible problem."
"But if it's not, it's still up to you to try and make the most of it and put it into practice."
"The truth is, they're not just going to go to the polls, they're going to make a difference in the electoral process."
"The next day, however, the two men decided to go to the police station, but instead of going there, they were shot."
"\"I've always had a deep respect for the players, and I'll always have that, even if they're not playing,\" he said."
"And I think that that's the best way to go about it, is to get the best out of all of them."
"If you are a young person who is trying to make a living in the world, it's important to have a plan."
"But I think if you've got a great squad, it's easier to win matches when you have a great team."
"But the scale of the problem is more complex and involves the world's second largest economy, the United States."
"\"I would have wanted to be a model for women in the tech industry, but I didn't want to be the first,\" she said."
"A man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, with a licence plate and a gun."
"It is, however, still a long way off, and the world is already in a state of panic about what is in store for the next generation."
"He is also the only person in the world to have had a baby with a woman in the same position as him."
"The result of the referendum was a vote to leave the European Union, with the United Kingdom voting to stay in the 28- country bloc."
"But as we've seen in the past, the rhetoric of a \"change \"campaign has been a product of decades of political rhetoric."
"He was one of the most influential men in the history of football, and it's only right that he's remembered for what he was."
"\"We will do what we can to help the community in this area and we will do that,\" he told the BBC."
"I had the feeling that if I didn't do well, I might not be able to get on with my life."
"It's important to have that feeling of presence and that's something that's important for the guys that are out there."
"And if you don't want to pay for the care, you can get a new card that you can use for that."
"It's a big challenge for us, but we're looking to win the championship as we want to do."
"\"I had to go and look at them because I was a little nervous because I don't know if I could have done it,\" he said."
"\"I have a lot of friends that are taking classes at the same time, and I try to be a bit more professional,\" she says."
"In the early days of the campaign, Trump's team said he was considering a third run for the presidency."
"And the fact that we are not going to be able to take these risks, it's not going to be easy."
"But he will continue to fight on, and in his capacity as CEO of the World Bank, he will be in a position to reach out to other leaders."
"You can't help but think about the things that have happened to you and the things that have happened to your family."
"We need more of that in the next few weeks, when the Democrats will try to win the White House."
"I think it was a really nice experience, I've had a few really good years here and I think it's a good chance to be in the Champions League again."
"\"I don't think it's right for anybody to be arguing that this is a legitimate option,\" he said."
"\"We had to make a choice between being a team that was good and not being good and we made that choice,\" he said."
"He added that the previous coalition government had put the country on the path to a \"golden state \"as it tried to defend its policies."
"The company's net income rose to $ 1. 1- billion from $ 1. 4- billion a year ago, driven largely by its tax- free business."
"I would like to say thank you to the staff who have been fantastic to me and to the staff who have helped me get through this difficult time."
"But I have a big heart, and I want to make sure we don't let this continue to happen to us."
"You can't just look back and say it's the best year of my career and I'd be lying if I said I didn't."
"But the story is about a young man who has been going to the club in a car and he has been stopped at the scene."
"It's a very unique system to have, and that's the beauty of it, that you get a lot of different ways of using it."
"I was disappointed with the result but it is good to be back in the game and put on a good show for the fans."
"It's not going to be easy but we've got to get going and get the goals we need to get."
"This was a clear message that if the EU is to survive, it must make it easier for everyone to access it."
"There is a lot of talk about \"soft \"approach to peace talks, but it is very much a soft approach, because we want to keep the peace."
"It is not clear whether the victim was the woman's boyfriend or someone in the home at the time of the alleged assault."
"The Russian president says that as president, he will \"work hard \"to strengthen the U. S. relationship with Russia."
"If you're trying to get a feel for the world, there's a lot of water to explore."
"\"The thing I think we need to do is just get him to have a chance to go out there and play,\" Smith said."
"He also noted that he would like to see more American workers in Europe, where there are more jobs."
"The largest share of new business in the sector is in the banking sector, with the sector's biggest expansion since the financial crisis, which saw it create 6. 8 million jobs."
"The president- elect also told his supporters that he has \"no idea \"how much his taxes would be paid by the government."
"'We were told it was going to be a terrible shock, but I didn't want to risk it,' she said."
"The court heard the pair had been in a relationship for more than six months but the allegations came to light in 2014 after they met."
"The public didn't have to be told how the movie was made, and it didn't matter what film it was made for."
"If we don't get into a fight, we are not going to win this game because we have not beaten our opponents."
"It's an amazing way to experience what it's like to be a child again and be able to bring your own experiences and experiences to the table."
"The man in the video was not in custody at the time of the incident, but police said he was arrested and charged with robbery."
"There are many factors that go into how a person is diagnosed, and if you are not aware of them, it can be difficult to make sense of what is happening."
"\"It's a great opportunity to show people you can do it and I think that's why I've been able to do so well,\" she said."
"I'm the one who has to be there, but I'm not going to be in the room with them."
"We are in a position where we can only be serious about addressing the problem by improving the infrastructure and by sharing the tools we need to do this."
"It's not a good look, but we're trying to do a good job of it, and we're very happy with the result."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to a cease- fire in Syria, which will be followed by a new round of talks."
"The most important thing is to get the right support and the right support, so that we can go on and do what we can."
"The government has yet to give any evidence to the Supreme Court, which has been hearing the case in the Supreme Court."
"In a statement, the group said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the verdict and said it was \"committed to fighting \"the law."
"He said: \"The men and women of the Defence Force have been in the country for over 40 years and are now serving their country."
"I have been talking to people in the city about the challenges of how to build a strong community,\" he said."
"The attack, which took place on October 3, was the second in the city over the last two months, and the second in the week."
"The world's leading company, which has taken steps to improve its image, is spending more money on advertising than ever before."
"I'm not sure why, but I'm just saying that I've had a lot of people tell me they'd like to be able to see me on the screen."
"It's not the first time that a student has been arrested for allegedly running from police with a knife."
"\"We have a lot of support, but it's not enough,\" said a source close to the matter."
"\"I don't know what we're going to do, but we're going to do it,\" he said."
"But if you've got a great story to tell, you're going to want to make sure it's good."
"It's been a big moment in my life and I'm really looking forward to it."
"The police have been conducting a huge operation to bring the family back to safety and rescue the rest of the victims."
"The first ever sex- related death in Australia was the result of a heart attack, according to the Australian Medical Association."
"It is a common theme that the public has turned against the government for its lack of transparency and respect for the rights of the citizen."
"\"We've got to be ready for anything, no matter what, and I think we're ready for that,\" he said."
"But the public- health experts who helped draft the law said the main reason for the increase was a rise in the number of children in the care of the state- run hospital system."
"I'm not sure how long it will take for the health of our planet, but I know I'm going to have a good time."
"The company said it expects to be able to sell a fifth of its shares on Thursday, just as it did in the second quarter."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder, but was released without charges on Tuesday afternoon, the Times reported."
"They have a special place in my heart, for they helped me to understand that there is a way of life that has no limits."
"\"I've always been a very tough guy and I've never given up and I've always played for my country,\" he said."
"\"When I first met him, I thought he was a little bit different from what we've been used to,\" she said."
"That's where you need to be, it's where you want to be, and we're not here to stop you."
"But it is also clear that the government has made it clear that it is not the only way to achieve the goals of this report."
"This is a team that can still win, they've got a lot of work to do and I'm confident that they'll be OK."
"We have to make sure that we are doing what's right, and that we are doing it right, and that we are performing the way we have done every year since the beginning of the year."
"The group, which had been set up to promote its cause, said in a statement that the money was being used to help train children to be better parents."
"It's a very young team, so they're going through a very tough period of development, and we've got to get through that."
"The crash happened when the plane landed on a taxiway at the airport at about 6: 30 a. m."
"And it's not just about getting the ball in the right place- it's about finding a way to win a game."
"The new rules, which were announced in April, will apply only to the state of New York and will not apply to the state of Oregon."
"And if we can get in there, we can turn the momentum and the momentum of the game and it's going to be a big thing for us."
"It's just a great feeling to be back in the game and to have a chance to play some cricket in the A- League."
"\"We have a responsibility to make sure that the children are safe and that they are not abused,\" he said in a video posted to his Facebook page."
"I hope that the next president will make that a priority and that we'll have a lot more time to get to the bottom."
"'I want to thank the president- elect and the entire staff for their service and commitment to the service of this nation."
"I have been able to get through this tournament with the best of them, and I think that's a big part of the reason why I'm here."
"A: I think this is a very important thing to note and to raise awareness of the fact that the U. S. does not have access to the full range of the sources of the Zika virus."
"In a statement, the club said: \"We are pleased that the former manager of the club has been offered a new challenge."
"\"I was happy to have been in the team that year, but I still had a lot of things to do,\" he said."
"She was found guilty of eight counts of sexual assault and four counts of rape, including one count of rape against a child."
"I'm really happy to be back in the side, and hopefully we can be doing something good for the future."
"\"We've got to keep in mind that this is a very special occasion, and we're going to keep going with the tradition,\" he said."
"But they don't know how they're going to pay off their student loans, so they're just going to wait until they get a job."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a knife and was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he later died."
"But it is only now, after a decade in which he has been in the spotlight for his controversial views on Islam, that he is starting to put his political views to the test."
"\"The idea of the party going to a convention is not new,\" he said in an interview on the show."
"But the president- elect's campaign also seems to have some serious momentum behind it."
"The incident comes as the German government is hosting a summit on the refugee crisis in Berlin on Wednesday where the first official opinion polls are expected to show the far- right National Front gaining strength."
"The U. S. and its allies are preparing for the worst- case scenario of a nuclear- armed North Korea that could cause an economic disaster, including a full- on war."
"The man had been \"highly visible \"in the crowd, the police said, adding that he had been arrested twice in the past year."
"It's not just about me, I think the team and the players want to win and that's something I'm looking forward to."
"\"The people who have been here for a very long time, they have been here for a very long time, and they are entitled to expect their rights to be respected,\" he said."
"When they are in the middle of a meeting, you can get in a car and drive them around to the park, then walk them to the police station."
"The latest polls show Clinton with a massive lead in Michigan, and the poll released Thursday showed her leading Trump by six points in a three- way race."
"But it is not just the quality of the water that makes a difference in the quality of the water, it's the quality of the care and care that goes into it."
"That's why I've come here, because I believe it's the right thing to do for our country."
"He said that while the measures would not solve the problem, they would \"cause a lot of pain and suffering \"to the thousands of migrants who have arrived in the country."
"They had a good run of games, but we had a lot of guys out there, and we didn't play as well as we'd like to."
"But the latest poll suggests that those who have voted for the far- right far more than those who don't is true."
"He said he was \"surprised \"when his mother told him he was only going to make it to the top."
"The decision to take action against the right to free speech, however, is a direct response to the UK Government's commitment to protect freedom of expression."
"\"The government is sending a clear message that it wants to be able to do this, but it needs to be able to do it,\" she said."
"The two men, who were not identified, were taken to the hospital and were in critical but stable condition, police said."
"\"You don't want to be a child soldier, you want to be a soldier who has to defend the country,\" he said."
"In the past year, a lot of our staff have been sick, but we've had to close our doors because they can't cope."
"I'm trying to understand how they have to deal with this, why they have to be involved in this, why they have to be involved in this."
"The decision came after the officer and the officer's passenger were shot in the back of the vehicle, police said."
"But I was getting calls from other teams about the same time, and I was starting to think I might be doing something wrong."
"It's not that he was not aware of the problems and the problems that were happening and he is not going to get any more money from the state."
"This is a huge opportunity for us and we have to make sure that we get a good result for the fans."
"They are obviously not going to come to Scotland, but it will be a very good thing for the players in Scotland."
"\"I'm still very, very young, but I've grown up with my whole life, and I can't even remember the last time,\" she said."
"\"We will continue to take action to address these matters, and we will update this page regularly with any developments,\" it added."
"But now, the party is set to host the first round of the annual convention in Cleveland on July 9."
"You know, it's the last thing I want to do, but I do want to be with my kids, and I've just got to let them be with me."
"The government has said it is willing to give more money to the Australian Institute of Sport, but it is not yet clear how much it will actually get."
"\"We have a lot of talented young players, but we're not going to be able to get them into the top team,\" he said."
"It's not about how many people can come in and make a living, it's about how many people can do what they can to make a living."
"The exact number of cases in which the children were abused was not immediately known, the statement said."
"The job is difficult for many young people, especially young people of color, to find work because of the lack of jobs."
"I just don't think it's fair, and I'm not even sure what the game is going to be like."
"A 14- year- old boy was shot and killed at his home in South Los Angeles on Monday afternoon."
"He said: \"I am not afraid to be myself and I'm not afraid to admit that I have a lot of dark thoughts about this."
"\"I had a lot of fun with it, but it was a really great experience to be a part of,\" he said."
"We are also doing a lot of work to get them right to the point where they feel comfortable in the right place."
"The report comes as a study published in 2013 found that only a third of patients with mental health issues had a physical response."
"\"You're going to have a lot of problems if you're going to have a big party,\" he said."
"The London mayor's office said it was working with the police and the inquiry's chairman to determine if any criminal charges should be brought."
"As long as I'm out there, I'm happy with myself, I want to be fit and healthy, and I want to be able to help my team win games."
"\"If we can't do anything, we are going to have a great debate about what we can do,\" he said."
"The Republican presidential candidate's speech Tuesday in Cleveland was the second time in the past week that he made a speech in support of Trump."
"This is a great opportunity for them to make their mark and hopefully I'm able to get a little bit more in the way of the game."
"This is the first time we've been able to show what's going on in these communities and we're going to do that."
"\"I think that he has an enormous amount of respect for the American people and for what they're going through,\" he said."
"It is believed that one of the men had threatened to shoot the girl if she didn't come forward."
"In the past, the election of Donald Trump and the subsequent rise of Donald Trump have had an impact on how we treat those with mental illness and how we respond to those with substance- related illness."
"\"I can't tell you how many times I've been on the other side of the world,\" she said."
"But at the end of the day, we're all going to have to see what happens next."
"It's not a question of whether I can play, I'm just saying I can do it, and if I do it I'm a good player, and that's the only thing I can say."
"I just want to say thank you for coming to this country, for making me, for making me realize what I wanted to do in my life."
"The concept of \"self- monitoring \"means that the pilot does not know what to do with his or her thoughts."
"In the US, the most recent data available, black Americans were the only group of voters who did not like Trump."
"He said he had heard that the US would be willing to give some money to support the investigation."
"\"The people of Flint have been very critical of the decision to shut the water supply to Flint and the water is working,\" he said."
"We are extremely confident that we will be able to give the government a strong, sustained response to this serious issue."
"In addition, the Justice Department will hold a public hearing on the case in the coming weeks, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"The judge said he had a duty to protect the public and to help ensure that the EU's laws and regulations were followed."
"He has been very consistent and consistent and I think he's a guy that I look to be the leader of our team."
"\"If you want to make a big difference in the world, you have to be a good leader,\" she told the BBC."
"There was a lot of talk of a rise in the number of officers but this is not true."
"We've got a lot of time to make sure we get our identity right and we're going to get our identity right tonight."
"He said: \"We are still at a point where we need to get to the bottom of what happened to the people that were injured and what happened to their loved ones."
"The good news is that, even though the temperature is getting less and less, the sun is still in the middle of the night."
"It's not a team- based approach, but it's a team- based approach, and it's a team- based approach in the long run."
"That's why I think we need to have a positive conversation about what's going on in the world, and it's important to talk about it."
"The first was the final three days of the war, when the war was declared over by the United Nations and the United States."
"He said: \"There is no doubt that the public's interest in the BBC is to be respected."
"\"I don't think the House should just accept the outcome and move on,\" he said."
"The minister said the government had a \"large and growing \"open- ended consent policy in place, which allowed for more than 60 days of free consent for family members."
"That's a good thing because it means that we can work to make sure that people have a safe environment."
"The ad, which was running on YouTube in Australia last year, was pulled down after it was shown on the platform."
"\"When I got back to the office, I said, \"This isn't going to work."
"I think the only thing that I think is going to get better is the way the sport has changed."
"The United Nations said in a statement that more than 1, 500 civilians had been killed in the conflict, including some who had been trapped in the fighting."
"The country's economy grew by 2. 3 percent in the third quarter and is expected to expand by 3. 2 percent in the fourth quarter."
"The next time you see a woman in a top hat, do you think you're going to have to get over it?"
"I'm not sure what happened in the last few days, but I am confident that this is the end of my relationship with him."
"This was also the case with the first two years of my life, when I felt I was on my own."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always had a love for the sport."
"\"It was a big success, and I had to sit down and see if I could get more out of the world of music,\" she says."
"The way he's played the last few games has been amazing and I'm looking forward to seeing him play in a game like this."
"\"I'm so excited about what's going to be out next year,\" he said in an interview."
"The group's research found that women who had been given a certain amount of time each week had a five per cent increased risk of developing breast cancer."
"A third of the first- past- the- post voting population is African American, according to the United States Conference of Mayors."
"The party's state- appointed electoral commission was due to hold its first vote in five years on the rules of the party."
"\"We're going to make it as a movement, and we're going to make it as a movement as well,\" he said."
"The country's energy ministry said last week that it expected to see the number of nuclear power stations in the country increase to 3, 000 by 2020."
"In the two years after the referendum, the Conservative Party gained the support of 55 per cent of voters, while the Liberal Democrats were split between 18 per cent and 25 per cent."
"It is not a question of whether he can be anything but a good player or a bad player- it is more about his character and how he will perform at the next game."
"There is no evidence that there has been a violent crime since the election of Donald Trump in the United States,\" he said."
"But the two- year- old has had a change of heart and wants the opportunity to play in a Premier League side."
"If you don't have a secure credit card, you'll be charged a flat fee of $ 2, 000."
