"I don't think that's going to change, because I've been in the game a lot longer than that."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, but was not seriously injured."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play for the first team, I'm not going to be able to play for the second team,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it is investigating the allegations and is working with the FBI."
"The report said the government's actions were in line with the EU's own guidelines on how to deal with migrants."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you're going to be a part of this."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure you are not going to be in the same boat as the other guys."
"The new rules will be introduced in the next few weeks and will be introduced in the first half of 2017."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that, and we're not going to be able to do that in the long term,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to be in the room tonight."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 percent."
"The report said that the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a big party, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we are not going to be in a position where we have to make decisions."
"The U. S. State Department said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision to delay the delivery of the plane."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it in the next two years."
"The UK's top court has ruled that the government cannot force companies to pay out of pocket for the cost of a Brexit."
"I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I'm not going to be surprised if it turns out to be true."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the abuse of children in detention centres, which has led to more than 1, 000 deaths."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 in England and Wales has increased by 1. 7 per cent over the same period."
"The U. S. has been on high alert for attacks by Islamic State militants in recent months, but the threat level for the U. S. has remained relatively low."
"\"I've been to a lot of places, but I've never been to a place where I was told that I was going to be a Muslim,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people in the room at the same time."
"I'm not going to say that we're going to be able to do that in the short term, but we're going to be able to do it in the long term."
"The group's website says the group has been working with the government for a decade, and has been working with the government for the last three years."
"I think it's important that we get the right balance of the players, the right balance of the coaches, the right balance of the players to get the right balance of the players in the right way."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a president who's going to be able to say what he wants to say,\" he said."
"\"It's a very different game now, and I don't think we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for some time and was confident the legislation would be passed."
"I think it's a very good thing that we're seeing the growth of this industry in the United States."
"\"We have to be careful, because we are going to be in a position where we are going to be in a situation where we are going to be in a situation where we are going to be in a situation where we are going to"
"\"It's a big game, and it's a big game for the whole team, so I'm happy to be here,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government to set up a new headquarters in the city, but has not yet been able to secure a contract."
"The new rules, which were introduced in January, will apply to all EU citizens living in the UK, regardless of whether they are citizens of the EU."
"\"I think it's a really good thing to have a team that can win games,\" he said."
"The government's plan to build a new railway line to the south of the city is also being considered."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 17. 99 on Thursday, the biggest drop since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 17. 99 in late September."
"The new rules are part of a larger effort by the government to tackle the issue of the \"broken \"digital economy."
"The company said it had lost $ 2. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year, a drop of nearly 20 percent from the same period last year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 3. 14 in afternoon trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it would appeal the ruling."
"The report said the government had not been able to find a way to implement the reforms without the consent of the public."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I said, \"I don't want to go to the doctor."
"The most important thing is to keep your head down and focus on the game, and that's what we did today."
"\"We've got to be very careful with what we say and what we don't say,\" he said."
"The government has not yet announced a plan to build a new stadium, but it is expected to be completed by 2020."
"The government's own figures show that more than half of the population is now living with a disability."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"The number of people who are in the UK illegally has fallen by more than a third since the Brexit vote, according to the Home Office."
"\"I'm going to be a little bit more conservative, but I'm not going to be a big conservative,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to say, \"I'm going to be here for a while,\" \"he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 1. 21, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent."
"I think it's important for the club to be able to play a game that is a good one for the players."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to be surprised if it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I would do is to get a good look at the team and see what they're capable of."
"The U. S. has been trying to get a deal on the issue since the election of Donald Trump as president."
"I think it's important to be able to talk to people, to talk to people in a way that's not just a joke."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test for the virus."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the U. S. government did not respond to the request."
"The new rules, which will be announced on Thursday, will apply to all of the company's products, which include the iPhone 6 and iPhone 7."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get the right people to come in and play,\" he said."
"The next day, he was arrested on suspicion of murder and was later released on bail."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it had already received more than $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors from China, Russia and the United States."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, are designed to make it harder for terrorists to carry out attacks."
"I don't think it's a bad thing for the club to have a guy like that in the squad."
"I think the best thing for me is to be able to get a little bit more out of my game, and I'm really enjoying it."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to stop,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the same boat as me, but I'm not going to be the one to take it,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the future because we have to go through the process of the referendum,\" he said."
"The company said it was also working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a possible criminal investigation into the incident."
"\"We are very excited to be part of the new generation of the company,\" he said in a statement."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the people of the United States to have a president who is not afraid to speak his mind,\" she said."
"\"I don't know if I could have done it without the support of the community,\" she said."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House for eight years, has been critical of Trump's comments."
"The problem is that the only way to get to the bottom of it is to look at the evidence and see if there is a way to get to the bottom of it."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of a \"Brexit \"and she said it was a \"Brexit \"because it would mean leaving the single market."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice about the matter and would be seeking a response from the agency."
"The problem is that the government has not done anything to address the problem, and the people who are affected are not the people who are in the UK."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be making any decisions until the end of the year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to keep the plant open, but said it would continue to work with the local authorities."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has already said it will not be able to offer a free trial."
"The most important thing is that we get the right people in the right places, and that's what we're doing."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I don't want to have a baby,\" she said."
"I think it's important to be able to tell the story of the person you are talking to, and the person you are talking to."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products to customers in the UK, including a range of products that are already available in the US."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House since 2009, is also a Democrat, and she's been a strong supporter of the Democratic Party."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to a club and have a drink with the manager, but I don't know what it is."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he is being treated for non- life- threatening injuries."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 7 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Justice Department to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the matter for more than a year, but was not ready to announce the deal."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 14. 46 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't think we have a good idea of what the future holds,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a lot of people that are willing to listen to you,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I'm not going to be in the position of having a child,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital where he is in a stable condition."
"The man, who was not identified, was arrested at the scene and taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he is being treated for a non- life- threatening injury."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get the treatment I needed."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that because of the budget,\" he said."
"The government is also considering a plan to build a new rail line from the south of England to the north of England, which would be funded by the pound."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about it,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the virus first appeared in the United States in the late 1980s."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm not going to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs in the past year is down by more than half compared to the same time last year."
"The number of people who have died from the disease has risen by more than half since the outbreak began in the early 1980s."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not doing it, because we're not going to be able to do it."
"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in the room are going to be very different from the people who are going to be in the room."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to get a good look at the game and see what's going on,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the sport to be able to say that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year, up from $ 1. 5 billion in the previous quarter."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, will apply to all forms of online banking, including credit cards, bank accounts and mobile phones."
"\"I'm not sure what the hell he's doing here, but I'm sure he's doing some good things,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play for the rest of the season because I'm not playing for a long time,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the drug, which is used to treat a range of conditions."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a very good thing for the game,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities unless the government is able to pay for them."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria for years, but has not been able to strike them directly."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but they were down 2. 5 percent in after- hours trading on Friday."
"The fact that he's been able to get away with it for so long is a sign of the times."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was considering the offer."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in the White House are going to be people who are going to be in the White House for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I've been in this position before, and I've been in this position for a long time,\" he said."
"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention as we should."
"I don't know if it's a good thing, but I'm not going to be in a position to say it's not good."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be doing this for a while."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never had a problem with the way I look,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1. 6 billion of shares in the company in the past 12 months."
"The first time I saw him, I was in the car and he was standing in the middle of the road, and I was like, \"I don't know what he's doing."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with the demand for its products, which are now the majority of its sales."
"The most important thing is to be able to play the game and not be too worried about what's going to happen."
"The first time I went to the shop I was a little nervous, but I was able to get my hands on it and it was a great gift."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department to determine how to address the issue."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about the future of this country,\" he said."
"The government is also seeking to reduce the number of people who are not eligible to vote by up to 25, 000, the report said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy, but I'm going to say it's going to be a lot easier,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the next step is, I'm not sure what the next step is,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the way we play, but it's a good thing."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing to be honest."
"The study also found that the more people who were diagnosed with cancer, the more likely they were to have a family member who had the disease."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a big party, but it's a good idea,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what you're going to do,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that the people who are going to be in charge of the NHS have decided to go in and do it,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide enough funding to tackle the issue, which has been a major focus of the referendum campaign."
"The U. S. is the only major country in the world that doesn't require a visa to enter the country."
"I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I'm not going to say I'm not going to be voting for him."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for him, but I'm sure he'll be a good player."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government is doing anything to help the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the ruling and that it would appeal the decision."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been very lucky to have been able to get a job at a good company."
"\"I think the biggest thing that's going to happen is that the people who are going to be elected will be people who are not going to be able to run for office,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get him to come back to me."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 11. 30 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company announced its plan to cut its workforce by half."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to win the game, but we're going to win the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important issue for the party and I think it's a very important issue for the country,\" she said."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1. 6 billion worth of shares in the company in the last three months of 2016."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent in the past year, the charity said."
"\"I think it's important to get the message out there that we're not going to let this happen,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say that we're going to get this done,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will be introduced in the UK in the autumn of this year, and will be introduced in the US in the spring of 2017."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything until I get my hands on a copy,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 17. 14 in morning trading on Tuesday, the biggest gain in nearly a year."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people you're working with and the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The report said that while the number of people using the service fell from 13. 5 million in 2015 to 12. 6 million in 2016, it was still below the level of the previous year."
"The government's announcement came as the European Commission said it would review its own rules governing the use of mobile phones in the EU."
"The company said it would be able to provide the same level of service to its customers in the future, but would not be able to provide the same level of service to its customers in the future."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, so I've been able to make a lot of money,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Federal Trade Commission about the issue and that it would be filing a complaint with the agency."
"The man was taken to a hospital in a serious condition with serious injuries, while the woman was taken to hospital for treatment."
"The U. S. is one of the few countries that has not imposed a trade war on North Korea, but the U. S. has been at war with North Korea for decades."
"The government's announcement came after a parliamentary committee on Thursday approved a new law that would allow for the removal of a person's name from the register."
"The report said the government's \"policy of not allowing the use of the money \"to be used for the benefit of the NHS was \"in breach of the trust \"of patients."
"\"I think it's important that we understand the impact of the Zika virus on the people who are affected,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we are not going to be able to do this alone,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to do something about it,\" he said."
"The researchers said the study showed that the more people who are active, the more likely they are to be diagnosed with the disease."
"The company's shares rose 0. 6 per cent to $ 1. 20, while the S & P 500 index gained 0. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"\"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I'm not going to say it's not important,\" he said."
"\"I think the first thing that you have to do is to be aware of what you're doing,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the way we play, but it's a good thing."
"The report also found that the number of people who were arrested for offences such as theft or drug possession increased from the previous year."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm not going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not seek to impose a one- year ban on the sale of alcohol in the country."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 17. 21 in morning trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain in the company's history."
"The US has been the main source of funding for the Syrian civil war since 2011, when it was declared a state of emergency."
"The company's shares fell 1. 8 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, while shares of the British Medical Association rose 1. 5 per cent."
"The new rules, which were introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, will be introduced in the coming weeks."
"The company said it had already made a decision to close the plant, but that it would not be able to continue operating until the deal was completed."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to determine how the data was used."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it was investigating the allegations, but did not release any further details."
"I've got to be honest with you, I'm not really sure what I'm going to do next."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn and will be introduced in the spring, but will not apply to the current year."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say to the media and what we say to the public,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 6 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter, the fastest pace in nearly a decade."
"The two- year- old was taken to a hospital where she was treated for minor injuries, the statement said."
"The report said the number of people who were not able to access the services they needed to access them was \"significantly higher \"than the number of people who could access them."
"The group said it would be \"extremely difficult \"to get a deal for the remaining 12 members of the group, which includes the UK, Ireland, France, Germany and Sweden."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice to resolve the issue, but the Justice Department had not yet made a decision."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and he said that I was going to be fine, but I was going to be in the hospital for a week."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"I was in a position where I was going to be able to do that, but I didn't know if I could do it."
"The U. S. has been trying to get the Russians to stop the bombing, but the Russians have refused."
"The move comes as the government is facing a legal challenge from a group of people who claim they have been denied access to the NHS."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 35, while shares of the Australian dollar fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"The government has said it wants to make it easier for people to register to vote in the upcoming general election."
"I was in a very good place at the time, but I was in a very bad place at the time and I was very lucky to have been there."
"The first thing I did was to ask my husband if he was going to be in the show."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that in a game like this,\" he said."
"\"I think the only thing that's going to change is the way we play,\" he said."
"The first thing we did was to go out and get some food, and then we went out and got some water and then we went out and got some coffee."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to make it harder for people to access the services they need, and to make it harder for them to find them."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than a third since the government introduced the cancer screening programme in 2010."
"The problem is that the government has not done anything to address the problem, and the only thing that has been done is to make it harder for people to get jobs."
"The first thing I did when I came to the office was to ask the president- elect if he would be willing to meet with me."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the club and the players to be able to say what they want to say,\" he said."
"I've had a lot of people ask me if I'd like to be a part of the team, and I've said yes."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next two years."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for offences in the last year fell by more than half compared to the same period last year."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, and will be introduced in the UK for the first time in the history of the game."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted between January and March."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 21. 28 in morning trading on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors and had a $ 1. 5 billion target for the year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 1 per cent."
"The man was taken to hospital with serious injuries, and his condition was not immediately known, police said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the business of selling their products and we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you're not going to be the one who's going to get you."
"The first thing we have to do is to get the right people in the right places, and we have to be able to do that in the right places."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that are going on in the world,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I'm going to try and get it done."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything until I'm ready to go, and I'm not going to be able to do anything until I'm ready to go,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, but we have to be careful about what we say in the past,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 11. 28 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 0. 6 per cent in early trading on Monday."
"The new rules, which are due to be announced next month, will apply to all new drivers who have been issued a licence in the past 12 months."
"The report said the number of people who had been injured or died in the crash was too small to be a cause of concern."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad and we are not going to have to worry about that,\" he said."
"The government has been trying to get the UK to leave the single market since the referendum on June 23, but it has not got it."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"by the news, adding that it was working with the authorities to ensure the safety of its customers."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team, and we've got a good team, and we've got to be able to play the way we play."
"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm going to do this, and I'm going to do that,\" and I think that's what we've done."
"The first thing you do when you're in the middle of a game is you look at the other players and say, \"I know what I'm doing."
"\"We're going to have a very tough election, and we're going to have a very strong Democratic Party,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to be playing for the club next season."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs has been a major factor in the decline in the number of people who are employed."
"I don't know if it's the same as when I was younger, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"We have to be careful with the numbers that we put out there, because we're not going to be able to keep up with the demand,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be very careful about what we say in the media, and I think that's what we're going to have to do,\" he said."
"The report says the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"\"I'm not going to be the only one who's going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to go out and do something, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by more than a third since the financial crisis."
"The company's stock has risen more than 20 percent in the past year, and is expected to rise even more in the coming months."
"The government has also said it will not be able to make changes to the law that would affect the number of people who can apply for asylum."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the people who are going to be affected,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not raise the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 an hour by 2020, but that is not enough to meet the growing demand."
"\"We have to be careful not to get too carried away with the fact that we have a new president,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a good leader, but I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a good leader,\" he said."
"The company has also been accused of using its own data to track its customers and to track its own behaviour."
"The UK government's Brexit strategy has been to \"take the best ideas \"from the EU and use them to build a better future for the UK."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Turkey on a cease- fire, but Ankara has rejected the idea."
"I'm not sure how you're going to get the right amount of money for the right people, but I'm not going to be sitting here and saying I'm going to give you $ 1 million."
"The U. S. is not the only country that has been hit by the virus, with other countries including Canada, Australia and New Zealand also reporting similar symptoms."
"\"I think it's important to be able to do that and I think it's important to be able to do that in a good way,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"full range of products and services \"in the UK, including in the UK mainland."
"\"I think it's a shame that the government is not doing more to help the people who need it most,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really nervous when I got the phone call,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began."
"I think it's a very good thing to be able to go out and play and be able to be a part of that."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be doing anything that I'm not going to be doing for the next two years."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand that the world is changing and that we need to do something about it,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 has increased by 1. 3 per cent in the past year."
"The company has said it will invest $ 1 billion in the US and $ 1 billion in Canada, with the rest of the world expected to follow suit."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government should be able to say what they want to say,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to have, and I think it's a very important thing for the country to have,\" he said."
"The first thing I would do is to make sure that I was in a position to make a decision on the next one."
"The government has not yet made a decision on whether to extend the deadline, which runs from April 1 to June 30."
"The government's response to the protests has been to call for the government to release the names of those arrested."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it is too late to tackle the problem."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday as the U. S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in a room with people who are not going to be able to work,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the situation is, but I'm not going to sit here and say I don't want to be here,\" he said."
"The problem is that the government has not done anything to address the issue and the only thing that has been done is to make sure that the people who are affected by the changes are not affected."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a single- issue candidate who is not a Democrat,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say what I think is right,\" he said."
"The next day, the police found the body of a man who had been shot in the leg and taken to hospital."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a baby, but I think it's a good idea,\" she said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 per cent on Friday, while shares of Apple's stock fell more than 1 per cent."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 43. 20 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down $ 1. 14, or 1. 2 percent, in the week"
"\"We're going to be a very, very strong team, and we're going to be very strong in the playoffs,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 15. 24 in afternoon trading on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I'm not sure it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman in the first place,\" she said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but it was not clear if it was ready to take the case."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 46 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in nearly two years."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to be a bad person,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are very interested in the idea of a Trump presidency,\" he said."
"\"I've never seen anything like it,\" he said, adding that he had never seen anything like it in the history of the park."
"\"I think it's important for the club to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a discussion about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, and the new system will be rolled out over the next few years."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a big deal,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the community,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said he was not aware of the incident until he was told about it by a friend."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I think it's going to be good for the club and the players."
"The UK government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new contract, which will be paid for by the UK government."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to find a replacement for the iPhone 7, but it would be \"extremely difficult \"to replace the iPhone 7 with a new model."
"The government has also said it will not be able to meet its target of $ 1 billion a year for the next three years."
"I'm not sure what the outcome is going to be, but I'm going to keep working hard and try to get better every day."
"The group said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal the decision."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we have a female president,\" she said in an interview."
"\"I'm not sure what the situation is, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm just trying to get him to stop,\" she said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing for the government to have a discussion about this,\" he said."
"The only way to get the best deal is to be a good player, which is a very difficult thing to do."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell its shares, but it has not yet decided whether it will sell its shares."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because of the pressure of being on the pitch,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision to cut its workforce by 1, 000 workers in the UK."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a leader, but I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 10, 000 since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say what you want to say and not have to worry about what others think,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past two years, including a $ 1. 5 billion loan from the Federal Reserve."
"The government has said it will not impose any new restrictions on the use of the internet, but the move could have a negative impact on the economy."
"\"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it again in the future,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a bit of a break from the game and get some rest."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the dollar index gained 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is now in a stable condition."
"The United States is the only major power that doesn't have a permanent presence in the region, and it's not going to be for very long."
"The government has been criticised for not doing enough to protect the rights of the children, who are still at risk."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm really happy with the way the season has gone."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, adding that it was \"fully committed \"to the project."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 46, or 3. 4 percent, to $ 11. 72 in afternoon trading."
"The company has been working with the government since the UK voted to leave the European Union in June, and has been working with the European Commission since the EU referendum campaign."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of the UK's biggest bank rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" she said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the middle of the game and they're not getting the ball,\" he said."
"I've been to a lot of places and I've never seen anything like it, but I've never seen anything like this."
"The man, who has not been named, was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was released on bail."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to be very happy with the results,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 3. 46 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 3. 18."
"The government has said it will not cut the number of people who work in the industry, and the number of people who work in the industry has been falling."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that, because we're going to have to make sure we're going to be able to do that."
"The report said the government's plans to cut the number of people in care would be \"a disaster \"if they were not implemented."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that it could continue to provide services to the public."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI used a computer system to access the phone of a Democratic National Committee employee."
"The U. S. and its allies have been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria since the group began its advance in the country."
"The first thing we need to do is to get the right people in the right places, and we're not going to do that here."
"\"I don't know how many people are going to be able to get into the house and see the house,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a big deal, but we're going to have to make sure we're doing everything we can to get the best possible deal for the players,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the first of its kind will be introduced in the autumn of 2016."
"I think we're going to have to do a lot more to get the ball rolling, but I'm not going to sit back and let it get away."
"I don't know if it's because I'm a woman, or if it's because I'm a man."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was \"very proud \"of the decision."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 10 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's $ 1. 35 loss in early December."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the next few months, will apply to all public schools in the state, including those in the capital."
"\"I think it's a shame that we didn't do a better job of keeping the game going,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Saudi Arabia on a possible military operation against the Islamic State group, but the U. S. has not yet agreed to the terms."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a conversation about the future of the game,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to a ceasefire in Syria, but the cease- fire has not yet been implemented."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the children, who are being taken away from their families."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but I don't know what the hell he's doing."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm going to be a little bit more careful,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the demand for its products, which is expected to be $ 1. 6 billion this year."
"I think it's a great opportunity to be able to go out and play and see what I can do."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I was a bit nervous about the first couple of games,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and I was told that I would be taken to the hospital for treatment."
"The man's wife, who was also in the car, was also injured, police said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm a racist, but I'm not going to say that I'm a racist,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" she said."
"The new rules will apply to all EU citizens, including those who are citizens of the UK, and those who have lived in the UK for at least six months."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would review the case and decide whether to bring criminal charges against the two men."
"The government's new strategy is to reduce the number of people who will be able to apply for benefits from the scheme."
"\"We are very grateful for the support of the community and the support of the police and we are very grateful for the support of the community in this matter,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, police said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be a part of this."
"The company said it had not yet decided whether it would take any action against the company, which is based in the United States."
"\"We have a very strong relationship with the United States and we are very close to the United Kingdom,\" he said."
"The new rules are designed to ensure that the company's business is safe, but it's not the only way to do that."
"\"I don't know how many people are in the room, but I'm not going to let them down,\" he said."
"The problem is that we're not really getting the information we need to make decisions about how we're going to spend our time."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the game to be able to have a conversation with the players and see what they're thinking,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's a real person or not, but I don't think he's a real person,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than a third in the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The new rules, which are expected to be announced in the coming weeks, will be introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks."
"The problem is that the government has not given the people of the country the information they need to make a decision about what to do."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 14, while its shares fell 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, and it had a $ 1. 5 billion goal in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government decided to back down from its position on the issue."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, will apply to all UK- based companies, not just those that are based in the UK."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose more than 6 percent."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced a $ 1 billion loss in a stock sale."
"The first lady, who is also a mother of two, said:'I was just so shocked when I saw the video."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are now in custody in the UK, the prosecutor's office said."
"The most important thing is that we have a good relationship with the people who are in the building and we have a good relationship with the people who are in the building."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book and read it."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but it had not yet decided whether to pursue the project."
"\"I've been in a lot of situations where I've been in a lot of situations where I've been in a lot of situations where I've been in a lot of situations where I've been in a lot of situations where I've"
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by more than 1, 000 employees."
"The company's shares rose 0. 6 per cent to $ 9. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to be in the next few months who are going to be very excited about the prospect of being in the next few months,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a nearby hospital."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book, and I was so excited because I didn't know what to expect."
"\"I don't know how to explain it, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested in a car park and taken to the Royal Perth Hospital in a serious condition."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 23."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a free press,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult game, but I think it's a very good game and I'm very happy with the result,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 17. 17 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue of the UK's membership of the EU."
"The new rules will be introduced on the first day of the new year, and will be introduced in the autumn."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, and I'm not going to be able to do that in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is currently being held in a police station."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do it in a way that I can compete with the other guys,\" he said."
"The next day, a man who had been working in the building told me he had heard a noise and thought he saw a man running away."
"The first thing you need to know about the new president is that he is going to be a very tough man."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban since the start of the Afghan war, and has also carried out airstrikes against the Taliban."
"The group's president, Peter Miller, said the group had been in contact with the Russian government and that the group had been in contact with the Russian ambassador to the United States."
"The only way to get a good deal is to get a good deal for the people who are paying for it."
"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of support from the public that we've got from the clubs."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a single- class service to the country's 2. 5 million people."
"The new rules will be implemented in the coming weeks, but the company said it was working with the police to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 17. 28 on Tuesday, the biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be taking any chances with this."
"\"I don't know if it's going to be a good thing or not, but I'm not going to be the one to say it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the system are the people who actually have the power to make the decisions that are made,\" he said."
"The first lady and first lady- and first lady- daughter- are in the White House, and they're going to be in the White House for a long time."
"\"I think the biggest thing for me is that I'm not going to be a part of the team,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and a good manager, and I think we have a good squad."
"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I'm not sure what the point of this is is that we're going to get rid of it."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but it was not clear if the agreement would be final."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The government has also pledged to boost the number of foreign students from outside the EU by 25, 000 over the next five years."
"The former England international is a big reason why we are in this position and he is a big reason why we have to be very careful."
"\"I'm not going to say it's the best thing that's happened to me,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack on a U. S. military base in Afghanistan."
"The new rules, which will be announced on Wednesday, will apply to all new players, not just those who have been in the game for a year or more."
"The U. S. has been bombing the rebels in Aleppo since March 2014, when the U. S. and its allies began a bombing campaign against the rebels."
"\"We have to be careful, because we are not going to be able to do it in the short term,\" he said."
"The government is also trying to build a wall along the border with Mexico to keep out illegal immigrants, but it is not working."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28, or $ 1. 28 per share, in morning trading."
"The company's shares were down 0. 7 per cent at $ 1. 11, while shares of Apple Inc."
"\"I'm not going to be able to go to work because of the weather, but I'm going to be able to go to school,\" she said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for a deal to build a new factory in the city, but it has been rejected."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in March."
"The government has said it is committed to making sure that the country's children are safe and well- educated."
"The team's biggest challenge was to find a way to keep the ball in the air for the first time in the history of the game."
"\"I'm not sure I would have made it if I didn't have the money,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that because of the uncertainty, but we are going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it was closing its doors."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 50 per cent over the past decade, the report said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 30. 60 on Thursday, its best performance since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent."
"The first thing we want to do is make sure that we are doing everything we can to help the people who are affected."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to stop the flow of migrants into Europe, and for failing to take in enough refugees."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were taken to a local hospital where they were treated for minor injuries."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 17. 60 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The only way to get the best deal is to make sure you're not going to be charged for your time."
"The group said it would not be able to meet the demand for the money because of the \"difficult \"time of the year."
"The company's shares rose 2. 7 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has also said it wants to keep the EU single market, but that it will not be able to keep its own laws."
"The government has said it will not allow any new contracts to be signed until the next contract is completed."
"The new rules, which will be introduced on the first day of the new parliament, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017."
"\"I think it's important for us to get the ball rolling and make sure we get the right play on the ball,\" he said."
"The group said it would be \"extremely difficult \"for the government to block the deal because of the uncertainty over the outcome of the referendum."
"The first time I saw him, he was a little bit nervous but he was very happy and he was in a good mood."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter, which was the highest since it launched its first- quarter revenue in 2014."
"\"I'm not going to be able to go to the doctor because I've got a heart attack,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to get him in and hopefully he can get back into the squad,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that this is a very difficult time for the country,\" he told the BBC."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I'm sure he'll be able to,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the game, but I'm happy with the way I played,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I've been in a lot of situations where I've been in a bad situation,\" he said."
"The company's stock fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28 in after- hours trading."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I've been able to get the job done,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services to customers in the UK, including in the UK and Ireland."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the project would be completed in time for the Olympics."
"\"I think the biggest thing that's going to be important is that we get the right people in the right places,\" he said."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced by the end of the year, but the government has yet to make a decision."
"The U. S. State Department said on Tuesday that it would not be able to provide any information about the case because it is not a criminal investigation."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to give up on him, I'm not going to give up on him,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent on Tuesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good idea of what you're going to do and then you can go out and do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it wants to keep the system open for the first time in decades, but that it will need to be more careful."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, but his condition was not immediately known."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 28, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 40. 12 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"The government has said it will not impose any new restrictions on the number of migrants who enter the country."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard \"Brexit on the UK, but that it will not be a \"soft \"Brexit."
"I think it's a good thing for the game, because it's a good thing for the fans, and I'm happy for them."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the government announced a $ 1 billion (\u00a3 800 million) fund to help families with the cost of care."
"The first thing I did was to ask the guys to come over and see me, and I was like, \"I'm not going to do that."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The researchers said the findings were consistent with previous research that found that people who have a high level of self- control are more likely to be diagnosed with depression."
"The new rules will apply to all UK- made vehicles, not just those made in China, but also those made in the US."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 46 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new customers, regardless of whether they have a bank account or not."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are going to be in the White House are going to be Democrats,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the US government since the start of the year, but has yet to sign a deal with the US government."
"The government is also expected to announce a new tax on the value of the pound in the coming months, which could be worth up to \u00a3 1, 000 a year."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close its doors, adding that it would continue to work with its customers to improve their experience."
"The new rules will apply to all EU citizens, including those who have lived in the EU for at least six months."
"The government has said it will introduce a bill to allow the public to vote on the issue in the autumn."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with serious injuries, while the other child was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"\"It's a very good thing for the game to be able to have a chance to win,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a baby, but I don't think it's a bad idea,\" he said."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of 2016, a loss of $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 25. 18 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"she said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody."
"I think it's a good thing that the people of the city have been able to see the signs and the people who live in the area have been able to see the signs."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a kid who is a little bit older than you,\" he said."
"The only thing that's changed is that I've been able to play more games and I've been able to get a lot more experience."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that I'm not going to be the last person in the world to die."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 6. 29 in morning trading."
"The government has been accused of not doing enough to protect the rights of the children who are being detained."
"I don't want to be the one who says, \"You know, I'm not going to do this."
"\"I'm not sure how to describe it, but I think it's a really good feeling,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players and we have a lot of good players in the squad,\" he said."
"The government's plan to build a wall along the Mexican border is a major political victory for Mr. Trump, who has said he would build a wall along the border."
"The government has been criticised for not providing enough information about the number of people who have been killed in the conflict."
"The report said the number of people who were able to access services online was down from the previous year, but the number of people who were unable to access services online was still down."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get the best out of our players,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that, and we are not going to be able to do that in the future,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1% on Wednesday, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 5% on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"I think it's a shame because I've been able to do a lot of good things in my career."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began in late 2014."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it is, but I think it's a good thing."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I am very sorry for the loss of your son."
"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it, and I'm not sure that's going to change."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in the first three months of 2016, including $ 1. 5 billion from investors."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you're not going to be able to do it in the first place."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a conversation about this,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to let him get away with this."
"The first thing I did was to go to the police station and ask them to arrest him."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it is to be a woman in the world,\" she said."
"The man was taken to a nearby hospital where he is in a stable condition, the police said."
"The UK's top court has ruled that the EU must be given a say in the terms of Britain's departure from the bloc."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea."
"The group's shares fell more than 20 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10, 000."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 6 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"\"I think it's going to be a really tough game for us,\" he said after the game."
"\"I think the people who are going to be in charge are going to be the people who are going to be able to get the message out,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to be a woman, but I don't think it's a good thing to be a man."
"I think it's important to understand that the majority of people who come here are not refugees, they are people who have been here for a long time."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has done anything wrong,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything about it because I'm not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go out and do that,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 50 per cent in the past five years."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come and see me and see if I could come and see them."
"\"It's a great thing to have a team that can win games, and it's a great thing to have a team that can win a championship,\" he said."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested at the scene and taken to a local hospital where he is in a stable condition."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who are going to be very happy with the outcome,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new contract, which will be paid for by the state."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say in the media,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child with a partner,\" she said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it is investigating the allegations, but it is not yet clear if the allegations are related to the Trump campaign."
"\"We are not going to be able to do it in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The problem is that the only thing that's going to change is the way we talk about it."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for him, but I think he's a very good player,\" he said."
"The couple have been married for more than a decade, and they have three children together, one of whom is a teenager."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the new rules."
"The report said the number of people who were killed or injured by the fire was \"significantly higher \"than the previous year."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not registered in the country."
"The problem is that the only way to get to the bottom of the problem is to look at the data."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 10 per cent over the past decade."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that, because we don't have the resources,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest day since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The first time I saw him was when he was in the team and I was so excited to see him."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the cost of the new buildings, which are due to be built in the first half of 2017."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not take action to stop the abuse."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 17. 15 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very proud of him and I'm very proud of him for what he's done for the club."
"The only way to get a better deal is to get a better deal for the people who are going to pay for it."
"I think it's important to understand that we are not just talking about the people who are in the hospital, we are talking about the people who are in the care of the NHS."
"The fact that he was able to do that and to make a difference in the lives of people is amazing."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the game, I'm not going to give up on the game,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said it would not comment on the case, but said it was investigating the allegations."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people that you work with,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The move is the latest in a series of moves by the government to try and stop the flow of migrants into the country."
"The new rules are aimed at helping people who are at risk of losing their jobs, but they are not the only way to help people who are at risk of losing their homes."
"\"I think it's important that we get the right people on the ground to help us get the right people on the ground,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will apply to all EU citizens, will be introduced in the autumn statement, which is due to be published on Monday."
"\"I'm not sure how to respond to that, but I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a big fan of the idea,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to make a statement and be able to say that we're not going to be the only team that's going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. and its allies have been bombing Islamic State since the group began its advance in Iraq in 2014."
"I'm not sure if it's the right thing to do, but I'm sure it's something that's going to be discussed."
"The study found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with depression in the past year was about the same as the number of people who had not."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a guy who's not a good player,\" he said."
"The report said the government's \"policy of not allowing the public to know \"about the government's plans for a new energy policy was \"not sustainable \"for the environment."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to be a good leader,\" he said."
"The government has not said how many people will be affected, but the number could be as high as 100, 000."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has risen by more than a third in the past decade, a new study has found."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this."
"The government is also planning to introduce a new tax on the sale of luxury cars, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"\"I don't think we're going to see a lot of change in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all employees, regardless of their age, and will apply to all employees of the same company."
"The first thing you do when you're in a relationship is to get a little bit of the love that you need."
"The group has been in talks with the government since last year, but the talks have been delayed by the government's decision to cut the number of delegates from the first round of talks."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for him, but he's got a lot of work to do."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 20 in afternoon trading on Tuesday."
"The new rules will apply to all UK- born people, regardless of whether they are a citizen or not."
"\"I've got a lot of respect for the guy, but I don't think he's a great player,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are not able to work due to the high number of applications."
"The report said the UK's economy grew by 0. 6 per cent in the quarter and 0. 7 per cent in the year to March, compared with 0. 5 per cent in the previous quarter."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government on the matter."
"\"We're going to be able to make a lot of money and we're going to be able to make a lot of money in the long run,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to be the only ones to be affected,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 15, while the S & P 500 index gained 2. 7 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"I've got to be honest, I don't think I've ever been in a situation where I've been in a situation where I've been able to get away with it."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that, but we will be able to do it,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been diagnosed with cancer had increased by more than 50 per cent over the past five years."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The company has been in talks with the government to build a new factory in the city, but has yet to sign a contract."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 17. 25 on Wednesday, their lowest level since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The first thing I did was to look at the data and see if there was any difference in the number of people who were diagnosed with cancer."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be affected by this are the people who are going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"The former England captain has been a key figure in the team's success since he joined from Leicester in 2012."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks unless it is able to secure a deal with the EU."
"The government has also announced plans to introduce a new system of \"pay and conditions \"for workers who are not employed."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I've been in the business for a long time,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been pushing for a more aggressive stance on North Korea, which has conducted its sixth nuclear test in recent weeks."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's stock has lost about 20 percent of its value since the election, but it has gained more than $ 1 billion in the past year."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a lot of people who don't know what they're doing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for this have been elected,\" he said."
"\"We're going to make sure that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The next day, he was found dead in a car park, and police were called to the scene, where he was found dead."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time and they are very excited about the opportunity,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"\"It's a very tough game and we're going to have to do everything we can to win it,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all EU citizens who are over 18 years old, regardless of whether they have lived in the UK for more than one year."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be taking any chances with the club."
"\"I don't know what it is, but I'm going to be there for you,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, but I'm sure it's a lot."
"\"We're going to be able to do that in a couple of years,\" he said."
"The UK's first female prime minister has said she is \"not happy \"with the way the EU has been run."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 per cent on Thursday, their lowest level since mid- December."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a big deal,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the government decided to raise the minimum wage."
"\"We are not going to be able to do this without the support of the government,\" he said, adding that the government would have to pay for the costs of the operation."
"I don't know if I'll ever be able to get a job, but I'm going to try."
"I've been in the business for 20 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"The researchers also found that people who were more likely to be in a relationship were more likely to be diagnosed with depression."
"The first thing I did was to tell him that I'd been in the room and I'd just come out to see him."
"The government has said it will not take action until the investigation is complete, but the government has said it will take action if it believes there is a risk to public safety."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to play this game,\" he said."
"The government has been accused of failing to take into account the impact of the referendum on the economy, which is expected to be the biggest economic shock since the financial crisis."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention as we should,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful not to make a mistake, and I don't want to make a mistake,\" she said."
"The report said that the number of people who had been infected with the virus in the past year had increased by more than 20 per cent."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 40 per cent in the past year."
"The United Nations says more than 1. 5 million people have been displaced since the fighting began in March."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"I've got a lot of work to do, but I'm going to be able to do it."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say to our customers, because we don't want to be seen as a party to them,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be implemented by the end of the year, the company said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but will not apply to the current year, meaning the new rules will apply to all new members."
"I think it's important to get a good feel for the game and to get a feel for the team and the atmosphere and the atmosphere of the game."
"The fact that he is a man of the people, and I think he is a man of the people, is a sign that he is not only a man of the people, but a man of the people."
"The move comes after the government announced it would not be taking any action against the company, which is owned by the same family."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks, but are likely to be introduced in the first quarter of 2017."
"\"I don't know how many people are going to be affected by this, but it's a very, very serious issue,\" he said."
"\"It is a very difficult time for me and my family, but I am determined to make this a happy one,\" she said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get to this point, but we're going to do it,\" he said."
"\"I've been working hard for the last couple of years to get my body back to where it was before,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the government has yet to announce a date for the changes."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are going to be in charge of the economy are going to be the people who are going to be responsible for the economy,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for 20 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The first time I went to the doctor I was in a bad mood and I was in a bad mood for a week."
"The group's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the middle of the pack and we're not in the top 10."
"The government has been trying to get the number of people who are eligible to vote to rise, but the figures are not consistent."
"\"I'm not saying that I don't like it, but I don't like it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a strong team and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a strong manager,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a baby and see it grow up,\" she said."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very happy with the way the team has played and I'm very proud of the way they have played."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in the first half of the year, compared with $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for the club, but I'm sure that we'll be back in the top flight."
"The U. S. is not a member of the European Union, but it is a member of the European Union's single market."
"The former secretary of state and first lady has been a vocal opponent of the Republican Party's nominee Donald Trump, saying he would be a \"big, bad \"president."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for its handling of the case and the failure to bring charges against the two men."
"The only thing I can say is that I am very proud of the work that we did and I am very proud of the fact that we got to do it."
"The first thing I would do is to ask myself, what am I doing?"
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The first thing we do is we ask ourselves, what is the best way to do this?"
"The government has not yet made a decision on whether the new rules will apply to the new school, but it is expected to be ready by the end of the year."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks and will be implemented by the end of the year, the company said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention as we should be,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but they have fallen since then."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are being held in custody until a judge rules in their favour."
"\"We're going to have to make sure that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 2. 25 in afternoon trading on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in mid- October."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for drug offences rose by almost 20 per cent between 2014 and 2015."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I'm very proud of it."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I've been through a lot of things,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the incident."
"The new rules, which are due to be introduced next year, will be the first of its kind in the UK."
"The government has said it will not cut the number of people who work in the industry, but it has also said it will not cut the number of people who work in the industry."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it would make, but I think it would be a good thing."
"The company's shares were down 0. 7 per cent at $ 1. 28 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 9 per cent."
"The new rules, which were introduced in June, will apply to all vehicles, including those that are not equipped with an emissions control system."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria for years, but it has not been able to strike them directly."
"\"I think it's a very good thing to have a good relationship with someone,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government to set up a pilot project to test the technology in the UK."
"The company has been under pressure from investors to cut costs and focus on its core business, which is delivering products and services for the global market."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the future of the club and what we're doing,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people in the industry who are very concerned about the impact on the environment,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to make sure we're not just talking about the big issues,\" he said."
"The United States has been at war with North Korea since the 1980s, but the country has never been formally recognised as a nuclear power."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not sure I would want to be in the position of having to do that,\" he said."
"I think it's important for us to be able to play the game that we're playing and not be in a position where we have to worry about the game."
"The United States has been bombing the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria for years, but the group has never claimed responsibility."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, but his condition is not known at this time."
"The problem is that the government has not done anything to address it, and the people who are affected are not the people who are affected by the changes."
"The researchers said the findings could help researchers better understand how people are affected by the disease and how to prevent it."
"The government has been criticised for its failure to tackle the problem, with some saying it is too slow."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play again, but he's a good guy,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government to secure a licence for the project, but had not yet been granted."
"\"I'm not sure how to describe it, but it's a very good feeling,\" he said."
"The only thing we can do is to try and get the best out of him, but I don't know if he's going to be the best player."
"The UK government has said it is committed to ensuring that all refugees who arrive in Europe are treated fairly and that they are not sent back to their home countries."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to get back to where he was last year, but he's got to be ready to go."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be here."
"The first thing we do is we try to find out what the person is doing and then we try to find out what they are doing."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact of the referendum will be on the future of the UK,\" he said."
"The only way to stop this is to have the right people in the right places, and that's what we're doing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 28. 72 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The report said that the number of people who were diagnosed with the disease in the past year was about twice the number of people who were diagnosed in 2010."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the problem, with some saying it was too slow."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 per cent in the past year, and it is now down by more than 20 per cent in the past 12 months."
"\"I think the best thing for me is to go out there and play my game and make sure I'm ready to play,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission for more than a year, but that it was not ready to go public."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, I don't know what he's doing in the world, I don't know what he's doing in the world,\" he said."
"The couple were found dead in a hotel room in the city, the prosecutor said, adding that the body of the woman was found at the scene."
"The new rules, which were introduced in June, will apply to all EU migrants who arrive in the UK from Turkey, the Home Office said."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I'm sorry, but I'm not here to talk about your life."
"The former secretary of state, who has been critical of Trump, has said she will not support the Republican nominee."
"I think the best thing to do is to get a good team and a good manager and then go out and play well."
"I don't think it's a good idea to be a white man in a black community."
"The first thing I did was to ask him to come to the office and tell me what was going on."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell you that I have been in touch with the family and will be making a decision soon."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to try to make the situation more difficult for migrants who have already arrived in Germany."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in the past 12 months, and it was now in a position to make $ 1. 5 billion in revenue."
"\"We have a very good team and we are not going to give up a lot of points,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell they are doing, but I'm going to go out there and play,\" he said."
"The US has been trying to get the deal through the Senate for months, but the deal has been blocked by the European Union."
"The first thing I did was to ask the manager if he was going to play me in the first game of the season."
"The U. S. State Department has said that the U. S. is not in a position to directly impact the Syrian civil war."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on the ball and get the ball in the right place."
"\"I'm not saying I'm not a good person, but I'm not going to be a bad person,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a guarantee that the new rules will be implemented in the long term."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 30, or 1. 4 percent, to $ 45. 35 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 46 a share in the same period last year."
"The new law, which will take effect on 1 January, will be the first time that the government has introduced such a measure in a parliament."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to meet its target of 1. 5 billion euros by 2020, but it would be able to meet its target by 2020."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year, compared with $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"\"We're going to have to do a lot more research to figure out what's going to happen,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be taking any action to stop the flow of migrants into Europe, despite the fact that the number of people arriving in Greece has risen by more than a third since the start of the year."
"The two- year- old was found dead in his home in the early hours of Sunday morning, the police said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services to customers in the UK, including in the UK and Ireland."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a baby, but it's not a good thing to have a baby when you're pregnant."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do,\" he said, adding that he had been in touch with the school's principal."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facility, which will be completed in 2018."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie"
"\"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm not going to sit here and say I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The company's shares rose 0. 9 per cent to $ 18. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were trading at $ 18. 28 in early trading on Wednesday."
"The group said it had been in contact with the woman's family and had contacted police to report the incident."
"The company said it had been working with the government to improve the security of the site and would be working with local authorities to ensure it was safe."
"\"I don't know what the next four years will look like, but I'm not going to let that stop me from playing,\" he said."
"The government's announcement comes as the UK's economy is in recession, with the unemployment rate at a record low of 5. 6 per cent."
"\"I don't think we're going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the government would need to find a new strategy."
"I think it's a great thing for the club to be able to have a player who can play for us and be able to play for the club."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be a part of it,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"new \"president."
"The first thing I would say to my wife is that we have to be careful about what we say, because we are not going to be able to do that."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and then to go and buy it."
"\"I think the first thing you have to do is to understand that this is a man's game,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we're all going to be able to enjoy this game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be more competitive and I think that's what we're doing,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that in the next few years,\" he said."
"The first time I met him, he was a little bit older than me, so I had to be careful."
"The team's biggest problem was that the team had to play a lot of games in the first half to get back to the top."
"The fact that he's not in the running for a job in the White House, he's not even in the running for a job in the Senate."
"The report said that the number of people who have been affected by the virus increased by more than 10 per cent between 2014 and 2015."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was \"deeply concerned \"by the death of a U. S. citizen."
"\"I'm not going to be able to go to the doctor because I'm not going to be able to go to the doctor,\" he said."
"The new system, which is being rolled out across the country, will be rolled out in the UK, Germany and France."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell you that I'm not going to be taking any money from anybody."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the U. S. Justice Department announced it would seek criminal charges against the company."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you have to be able to control your body."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I am not a racist, but I am not a racist in the sense that I am a white man."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the news broke, and its shares are down more than 20 percent since the news broke."
"The first lady's speech was a reminder that the country is not a safe place for women, and that women are not equal to men."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not talking about a single person here,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep doing what I've been doing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm happy with the way I'm playing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a \"more comprehensive \"response to the crisis, which has affected more than 1, 500 people."
"The UK's largest bank, the Bank of England, said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision."
"\"I don't think that's a good thing,\" he said in a phone interview from his home in the city."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think the first thing that comes to mind is, \"What's going on?\"and that's what I'm going to try to do,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 in Scotland is down by more than 20 per cent since the start of the year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the first quarter of this year, a record."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to win the next two games,\" he said."
"The first thing you do when you're in the middle of a conversation is to ask yourself: What do I want to say?"
"The new system is designed to be more efficient than the current system, which requires a lot of energy, and it will be available in the first half of 2017."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a quarter since the start of the year, according to UN figures."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 25. 11 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 7 per cent in early trading."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Education to explore a possible settlement."
"The only thing we can do is to keep the pressure on us and try to get the ball into the right areas."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the next few months, will be introduced to help ensure that the best teams are not only in the Premier League but also in the Champions League."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new homes, which will be built in the next few years."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to cut its workforce by 1, 000 workers."
"The report said the number of deaths in the past year was down from the previous year, but still a significant increase."
"The researchers found that the number of people who have a disability increased by about 30 percent over the past decade."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive."
"The group's latest poll shows it has lost ground to Mr Trump's support, with a 1. 4 per cent drop in support."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea or not, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a really good thing to be able to go out and play and see what's going on,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to the Royal Brisbane Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The company's share price rose 0. 3 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Monday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"I think it's a really good thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're going to do this."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to be doing anything else."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be here for the next two years."
"\"I think the best thing for the government is to make sure that the people who are affected are protected,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the plant, which was initially scheduled to close in March."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose any new rules on the industry, but it has been criticised for not taking into account the impact on the environment."
"The first thing you need to do is to be aware of what you're doing and what you're not."
"The problem is that the government's own statistics show that only about a quarter of people aged 15 to 24 have a mortgage."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 6 percent."
"The company said it was working with the government to ensure that the new rules were implemented and would be in place by the end of the year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in"
"\"We're going to make sure that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new school, which will be built in the next two years."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced a $ 1 billion buy- back of its stock."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but it has also said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry."
"The man was taken to hospital with serious injuries, but was released on bail and is now being treated for his injuries."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it without the support of the people of New Hampshire,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"The report said the government's actions were \"not only illegal, but also dangerous \"and the government should be held to account."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it in the next few days,\" he said."
"The fact that he's still in the game and playing well, I'm not surprised."
"The report also found that the number of women who had been diagnosed with breast cancer rose by 25 per cent between 2005 and 2014."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you work with,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what I would do if I were in a situation where I had to make a decision,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're not going to be able to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a good conversation about what we're doing,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all new members- and will be introduced in the coming weeks."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be delivered in 2017."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after a Reuters poll showed the company's shares were down 1 percent."
"The government has said it will not cut the number of jobs it will create in the short term, but it has not cut the number of people it will create in the long term."
"The U. S. and its allies have been bombing Islamic State since the group's fall in 2014."
"I think the biggest thing is that we've got a lot of young players that are going to have to learn to play the game."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be funded by the private sector."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will see the number of people who can be banned from using the site increased from 1. 5 million to 2. 5 million."
"The study found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease in the past year fell by 25 per cent."
"The company said it had been working on the project for a year and a half, but was not yet ready to start construction."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017 and will be introduced in the autumn of 2018."
"The only thing that's going to change is the fact that the people who are going to be in charge of the economy are going to be Democrats."
"The number of people who have died in the past year is estimated at more than 1, 500, according to the World Health Organization."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the game, I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it again,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come and see me, and they did, and they said they were going to see me."
"The first thing you do is you go and look at the other players and ask them what they're doing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the system are not the people who are going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to make sure I was in the right place at the right time, and then I went back to work."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will apply to all new or existing vehicles, not just those with a new engine."
"The UK's largest bank said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close its doors."
"The first thing we do when we come here is to make sure that we're not going to be in the same place every day."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a baby in a hospital,\" she said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services to determine the cause of the crash."
"\"I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I'm not going to sit here and say I don't like it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how I would feel if I were in a situation where I was going to be in a position to make a decision."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try to do everything I can to help the team win,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2016, so it's not a surprise to see them."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not seeing more of this,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the growth in the number of people who are eligible to vote."
"\"I don't want to say that I'm a bad person, but I'm not a bad person,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to say it's a bad thing, but I don't want to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in its core business, which includes its mobile and video services and a range of other businesses."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Monday morning and charged with possession of a weapon."
"\"I'm not going to say anything that's going to hurt me, but I'm going to say what I think is right,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all new members of the public, including those who have been in the business for more than a year."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the future, so we will have to wait and see,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be a very good team, but we're not going to win the title,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 17. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a weapon, and was taken to a nearby hospital."
"The government has not yet announced a plan to increase the number of police officers, but it is expected to be in place by the end of 2017."
"The first lady is expected to visit the site of the blast, which took place on Wednesday, and the second lady will visit the site on Thursday."
"The government's plan to raise the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 an hour is seen as a way to boost the economy, but critics say it will not help the majority of people."
"I think it's important for us to be able to do what we're doing and we're going to be able to do it in a very short period of time."
"\"We are not going to let this happen again,\" he said at the time, adding that he would not be voting for Trump."
"\"It's a shame that we didn't do a better job of it,\" he said of the club's recent form."
"The new rules will apply to all new employees, regardless of their age, gender or race."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 1. 30, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 6 per cent at $ 1. 21."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to come back and play again,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad, but we have to make sure we get them right,\" he said."
"The first lady, who is also a former president of the United States, has been a vocal supporter of Mr. Trump."
"The report said that the UK's economy grew by 0. 7 per cent in the quarter, the fastest pace since the previous quarter, and the number of jobs created increased by 1. 5 million."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we are not going to be in a situation where we have to pay for it."
"The most important thing is to make sure you're not going to be in the position where you're not going to be able to do anything."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a leader in the next four years,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to get the message out that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to try to make it easier for people to get help."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, will be introduced in the wake of the Brexit vote, which saw the UK leave the European Union."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we're not just going to be talking about the next president."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not in this situation where we're just going to be in this situation."
"The first lady has been in the White House for eight years, and she's been in the White House for two."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a young player come in and play and play well."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 percent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The number of people who have died in the past 12 months has risen by more than 20 per cent, the government said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that for a long time,\" he said in an interview with The Associated Press."
"\"I think it's important that we do what we can to support the people who are affected,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing for us to do is to make sure we have a good team and we have a good team,\" he said."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to play, but I think he's got a lot of work to do."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, will be introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks and will be introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks in November."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not playing better cricket in the last couple of years,\" he said."
"The study found that the average age of women who had been married for at least 10 years was about the same as that of men."
"The new rules will be introduced in the next few weeks and will be introduced in the UK as part of the Government's plan to tackle the issue of child abuse."
"The most important thing is that we get the right people to come in and play and that's what we're doing."
"\"I think it's going to be a very tough game, and I think we're going to be very good,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all employees, regardless of their gender, age, race, religion, sex, sexual identity or disability."
"The company said it was \"extremely pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to support the project."
"The man, who has not been named, is believed to have been in the car at the time of the crash, police said."
"\"I don't know if I can do it in the next few months, but I'm sure I can,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to do anything about it,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the government does."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal the decision."
"\"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this again,\" he said, adding that he had not seen the video."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're going to do this."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him was at the party, and I was so excited that I was going to be able to see him again."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he had to make a decision on his future."
"\"I don't think it's a good thing to be a victim of a crime,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to make the cuts without the consent of the public, and that it will not be able to make the cuts without the consent of the people."
"I've been on the road for a while now and I'm still getting used to the road, so I'm really enjoying it."
"The government has been trying to get the government to agree on a new deal for a decade, but the talks have been blocked by the opposition."
"The U. S. is also working with Saudi Arabia to develop a \"safe zone \"in Yemen to protect civilians from airstrikes."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will be rolled out across the country in the coming weeks."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of that, I'm not going to be a part of that,\" he said."
"The company said it had lost more than $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year, but it had also cut its workforce by nearly half."
"The government's announcement of the new measures comes as the UK's economy is struggling to recover from the shock of the Brexit vote."
"\"We're going to be able to do a lot of things that we've never done before,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the new schools until the end of the school year."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm going to try to do it,\" he said."
"The study, published in the American Journal of Public Health, found that women who had sex with men were more likely to have a heart attack."
"The two- year- old was taken to a local hospital and is now in a stable condition."
"I don't know if I can do it, but I'm not going to be a part of it."
