"He said: \"It's a very tough thing to do in a sport like rugby, and I know what it's like to get that wrong."
"The most likely explanation for the drop in the number of people in the UK is that the economy has become less competitive, the researchers said."
"\"I think that's what he's doing,\" said the 22- year- old, who is from the Philippines."
"\"We are working closely with the local authorities to ensure that the necessary measures are in place to ensure that the safety and security of the public is protected,\" he said."
"The five- year- old was taken to the hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"The number of deaths was lower than the national average of 5, but not as low as some have suggested."
"We were at the bottom of a race and we had a chance to win but we didn't."
"In the past two years, the country has seen a steady stream of refugees, mainly from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan."
"The country's unemployment rate fell to 4. 7 per cent in October from 5. 6 per cent in October, the central bank said on Monday."
"He said:'I was looking at the wall and there was a big stone in the corner of the room and I thought I'd just hit the wall."
"But if you don't get to see him in person, he's not a good person to be with."
"\"It's very important that the media can have an open debate about this issue, and to engage with the community,\" he said."
"It's the first time a Republican presidential candidate has won a state in a general election, and it's the first time a Republican has lost a state in a general election."
"He's a strong, strong fighter and he's a player that we can rely on to do a lot of damage."
"The man, who was not identified, had been arrested in connection with the attack on the man's wife, a police source told the newspaper."
"He was caught on video attacking a woman in a restaurant and was sentenced to two years in prison, while the woman's family was also ordered to pay him $ 1, 000."
"\"He didn't say anything, he just said to me, \"You know, we're going to do this."
"The latest figures show that one in four people in Scotland and Wales has a disability, which is the highest rate in the UK."
"\"I want to be able to compete with the best players in the world, and I don't think I have any time for that,\" he said."
"There is no guarantee that the Prime Minister will be able to deliver the deal he wants to, but it is a win- win."
"\"It's a good place to start,\" he said, adding that the party had \"a lot of good things to do \"in the past year."
"The study authors said the findings should be used to help reduce the number of people diagnosed with cancer in the UK, and to help people make the most of their time away from work."
"The only time I ever felt that I was being told I wasn't welcome in the party was when I was in the room."
"It's not just a matter of what we do on the field, but the way we play."
"The first year of the program is $ 1. 2 million, and the second year is $ 1. 3 million, the company said."
"The EU has been criticised for failing to secure a deal with Turkey in return for access to the single market, despite the country's EU membership."
"I'm sure they will be disappointed but they'll be happy with the result and I'm sure they will be happy with the way we played."
"\"He's one of the best players I've ever played with, and he's a great addition to the team,\" said Smith, who was selected in the second round of the 2013 draft."
"But it's also important to remember that the actual story isn't as simple as that, and you can't just let it all out."
"I think it's important that we all agree on this, and that's what we're trying to do."
"The problem is that the public are not so keen on the idea, and the government is not willing to listen."
"\"It's important to remember that we are not just one country, we are a whole country,\" he said."
"But when you're in a position to play at the highest level, you want to go for it."
"\"We are in a position to be able to assess the best way to move forward,\" the spokesman said."
"The BBC reported last month that the government was considering a ban on the use of mobile phones in public places."
"The problem is that we're not dealing with a country that's been able to address the problems that we have."
"The Ministry of Defence said it had received no complaints about the security situation at the base and that the base was safe."
"\"I'm a little bit disappointed that I didn't win this tournament, but I know I can win this tournament,\" he said."
"And I think we have to be careful, because I don't think the president will be able to be there at the end of the day."
"The idea of making the process of buying and selling a home even easier, however, was not widely discussed."
"The report, which comes as Mr Cameron is preparing to formally accept the EU's deal with the UK, will be published next week."
"\"You can't go into a business that is not a business that is going to be competitive,\" he says."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the business model and the people who run it."
"\"We've been working very hard to get this done, but it's going to take a lot of work to get it done,\" he said."
"The law says the person who uses the device must have a license to do so and a driver's license."
"The Australian dollar has risen sharply against the US dollar, which has been hit hard by the US election."
"The United States is the world's largest trading partner with a net export of $ 1. 4 trillion in goods and services."
"I was really excited to get on the pitch and to be part of a team that's going to play a big part in the future."
"A spokesman said: \"The line will be taken by the police, who will be working closely with the Scottish Police Service."
"He said: \"I've never seen a situation like this before and I'm very proud of what we've achieved."
"We are not going to be able to get the right people on the right team, we are going to have to get a few good players on the right team."
"He's not a guy who is a player to be happy with, but we will see."
"The announcement was made on the same day that the new Conservative government announced plans to end the \"hard Brexit \"it had been working on for years."
"I can't say that we are going to take away any of the people that have done well in the past."
"But she also admitted that she would have preferred to have had the same surgery on her face- to make sure she didn't get it."
"He has been charged with one count of first- degree murder in the death of his girlfriend, who was found in a car in June."
"\"The main thing is, you know, we're not going to let the guy that's going to be the nominee get away with anything,\" he said."
"The second, and final, was a phone call from one of the most important players in the world to Mr. Trump, and to his family."
"The increase in the number of deaths from the Zika virus is the latest in a string of deaths linked to the virus."
"She said:'I was walking down the street and I saw a man in a white shirt running towards me."
"The difference between the two sides is that the people who are taking the money are getting paid less than the people who are not."
"\"I would like to think that it would have been a different game, but it's still a good game,\" he said."
"A man was arrested after an alleged assault at a Brisbane home on Saturday night and police are appealing for witnesses to come forward."
"The official said the move was intended to allow the government to secure a fair share of the revenue from the sale of the land."
"The poll also found that nearly two- thirds of Americans, 65%, said they would vote for someone other than Donald Trump if he were the Republican nominee."
"The fact he's still in the game, he's still in his prime, and he's got a lot of potential."
"I'd rather not be involved in the debate and I'm not going to get in the way of that."
"I'm sure he'll be a big part of that, but he's the guy who's going to be the one who makes us feel good about ourselves."
"The U. S.- led coalition has been bombing the Islamic State group's advance in the city since March 2014."
"I've got to make sure that my body is in a good place, that I'm in a good place and I'm healthy."
"She has a long record of being a woman, having served as the country's first female president."
"It's not as if I'm the only one who has been in this position before."
"He said the Labour leader would be \"very disappointed \"if the party \"lost its appeal in the referendum on whether to remain in the EU."
"\"I want to thank everyone who has supported me throughout my career,\" she said in a statement."
"\"We have to make sure we are in a position to deliver the right product for people,\" she said."
"The most popular type of phone is the iPhone 6, which costs $ 1, 400 and has a 16-megapixel camera."
"\"The people who are going to be there will be the people who will be the people who have the best chance of winning,\" he said."
"In order to make the deal work, the company had to make a certain number of payments to the European Commission every year, and then had to pass those payments through to the European Central Bank."
"I'm not going to be the only one to get a medal, but I'm not going to be the only one to get a medal in this sport."
"The video is a new one for the singer, who has previously been criticized for using the term \"adult \"to describe his own experiences."
"I am going to be doing everything I can to help the team win this game and hopefully, it will be a success for me."
"I want to give it a go, and I want to see how I can help the guys, and I want to hear what the guys have to say."
"\"I didn't know what to do,\" said the man, who did not want to be named because he was not allowed to speak to the media."
"\"We are the first team to win at the Olympics, we have a fantastic group of players and we will be the first to see them at Rio,\" he said."
"\"There are some people who have to take a long time to get their hands on the products,\" he said."
"But this time, it's a different game, and he is not going to win it."
"\"I think the biggest issue is we're not going to get a good deal,\" he said, adding that he was not prepared to compromise on the issue."
"I was really happy when I got to the top and I'm really pleased now with the way we've performed."
"The deal has been in the works for a while, but it's been delayed until February, so the deal will be completed before the end of the month."
"The measure is likely to pass, with a majority of Republicans in favor, and the Democratic- controlled Senate, where it is being considered, voting for it."
"But she said she was \"very disappointed \"when the police refused to arrest her because she was not a resident."
"I'm the only one who is really going to tell you what's going to happen next."
"The 28- year- old's car was found by a man who found it on a busy road in the city centre."
"\"It's been a tough week for the Rangers, they have lost a couple of games and I think we need to make a move to get a win,\" he said."
"\"It's a very rare thing to get the opportunity to play in a game like this,\" he said."
"The number of children who are living with their parents in the care homes is falling and the number of people in care is falling."
"It's a big deal, but if we can get the players to play at a higher level, we can build that team."
"It was a good day for the Welsh rugby and we'll be looking forward to it."
"He is a big, strong guy, he can handle the ball and he has good hands, so I think he will be a big part of our offense."
"\"It's a great honor to be able to do that, and I'm really proud of my work here,\" she said."
"I'm going to be honest, I'm not going to go into this thinking that this is going to be the last thing I ever do."
"\"I don't know how many times I've been in a relationship with someone who's been in a relationship for four years,\" he said."
"\"I don't think the Fed should be taking any more risks in the short term,\" he said, adding that the Fed's decision to hold rates at zero for the first time since March 2009 was \"a mistake \"and should be taken"
"It was the first time in a decade that the United States and China had agreed on a single currency, and that's why it's so important."
"\"I'm not going to say that I don't love her, but I don't think she's the type of person that we want to see,\" she said."
"\"You can't say you're going to go to war, but you can say that you're going to take care of your family,\" he said."
"The pair's relationship began when she was 16, and the couple's relationship continued until she was 15."
"The NFL said in a statement that the NFL was aware of the incident and would take appropriate action."
"We need to make sure that the children are safe, that we have the resources to provide them with the support they need."
"The group's fundraising page has raised more than $ 3 million for the campaign, with the goal of raising $ 30 million in the next three months."
"\"I'm not saying that I'm not a great leader, but I'm not a great leader either,\" he said in a telephone interview from Berlin."
"I don't know if he will go to the police, but I'm sure he will be back."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not in a position where we have to worry about it."
"It's a thing I've never done before and it's something I've never done before in my life."
"It's a way to get the message out to the media, and to people who might not necessarily agree with me on a point."
"He had been waiting for a job with the Department of Health to start in the summer and was being offered a job at a bank."
"He said the government had been \"trying to get a deal \"for the talks and that it would meet the demands of the UK."
"But, if you are in the UK and you want to take advantage of the free movement of people then you should be aware of the consequences of such a decision."
"\"I'm not saying I'll never be in the position to be in the position to say I'm not happy,\" he said."
"The \"suspected \"person was a 19- year- old man, but police are still investigating his death."
"\"I'm going to go to the gym and work out, and hopefully I'm not going to have any problems,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of homeless people in the city rose to more than 2, 800 last year from 2, 200 in 2013."
"I'm sure he'll be fine but the fact is he's a bit of a burden on the team."
"I was thinking about a couple of years ago when I was working on a book, and I was thinking about my family and friends and everything."
"\"I think it's important to remember that this is not just a case of a person who has committed an offence,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of things that we need to work on and a lot of people are not getting enough time,\" she said."
"\"It's the only way I can say that I don't want to be a part of that,\" he said."
"The team's goal is to make sure the kids are learning how to use technology, and they have a good understanding of how to use it."
"If you are a girl, I would say go for it, but I would also say go for it for the girl, because she's not going to be happy with it."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed in the conflict has increased from 60, 000 in 2014 to 200, 000 in 2015."
"\"I'm sure I'm going to be a little bit more competitive in the next few months,\" he said."
"The average age of those who voted for Trump in the presidential election was 28 years old, according to the poll, which is based on interviews with 1, 000 registered voters."
"\"There is no doubt that the public is entitled to know what the information is,\" he said."
"The British Medical Association said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision, and said it was not ruling out the possibility of further investigations."
"I would like to know if the amount of time I've been away from the game has been affected by that."
"I would say the most important thing is to keep your eyes open, especially for the first two games, and not to get too excited."
"The overall number of deaths has fallen by more than half since the government launched a crackdown on the drug in 2014."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players and I respect the players are going to be able to play for a long time,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a huge deal but it's nice to have the chance to have a go at something."
"The vote was a blow to Mr Cameron, who has been under pressure since the EU referendum result was announced in June."
"The charity said that it had been working with the Health Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, to ensure the legislation was in place."
"I've never been in a situation like this before, and I want to make sure we are ready to go."
"The number of people who have been arrested and charged has increased by more than 50 percent since the Brexit vote, according to the UK's Home Office."
"They will be in the same boat as the other ones, but they will have to be prepared for the next ones."
"\"This is a very significant moment in our history and the most important moment in our history for our country,\" he said."
"She said the company had not yet been able to make its own products, but that the company was working to develop them."
"It's a big time, but it's also a big time for me, because I've been on a lot of different teams."
"\"I have to say that I was surprised at the reaction of the crowd,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell 2. 3 per cent in after- hours trading on Monday, after the company said it had lost $ 2. 8 billion in revenue in the previous quarter."
"It is a very dangerous place, and the only way we can save the world is to make it safer."
"She is the only person in the world who can tell me what I want, and I am going to do everything I can to help her."
"The issue of whether to allow migrants from Syria or Iraq into the UK has been a source of tension between the two countries."
"And I would ask the question: What does this mean for the future of this country, and what does it mean for the future of the United States of America?"
"\"I think it's a good thing for the economy and for the people of the state,\" he said."
"They're all going to be on the same page, but I'm not going to stop talking about them because I've got to."
"They are a great team and I'm happy for them to be here and it's a great opportunity for us to get a lot of games."
"The children's court is now being used by the Government to force a decision on the future of the Children's Court."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told police he was standing outside the house when he saw a man in the street."
"\"I think it's a little bit of a surprise,\" he said of the new president's comments."
"He said: \"I am pleased that we have found a way of doing this in the United States."
"He's not going to win it, and I'm not going to give up the job because I know the game is on."
"In the past two years, a total of 5, 000 people have been killed, almost all of them civilians."
"I can't think of a better way to go forward and to make a difference in the world, than to play my heart out for the country and my family."
"A major increase in the number of people going to the polls in the coming weeks could be a boost to the campaign against Mr. Trump."
"The new measures will be introduced in the first half of this year, but the current one will take effect in 2018."
"She has a very strong personality and is always there for me and I'm very happy to be there for her."
"The United States has been under a state of emergency since the November 11, 2001, terrorist attacks that left 130 people dead."
"\"We want to make sure that the best kind of life for all of us is the one we choose to live in,\" he said."
"It's not a surprise that Trump's overall approval ratings are at their lowest point since at least the early 1990s."
"The government has said it is committed to keeping the EU's single market and to maintaining free movement of people."
"We're going to be a great team and I'm very proud of what we're doing, but we need to win every game."
"I'm not sure what I'm going to do next, I'll be in the gym for a couple of weeks."
"The more you go to the gym and the more you think about what you want to do and the more you think about what you want to be, the more you become a person and you become a person's."
"\"It's really hard to know what to do when you're not playing in the playoffs,\" he said."
"The deal is expected to be completed by the end of the month, with the aim of having a formal agreement in place by the end of 2017."
"But I think he's going to be a great leader and I think we're going to be looking at him for a long time."
"The US dollar is still down about 2% against the dollar and the euro has lost about 1% against the dollar."
"The deal will see the most expensive of the three- year contracts in the world awarded at a lower price than the current deal."
"In addition, he has been reported to have a history of drug use and is currently under investigation by the police."
"But that's not what happened and I don't want to be in the position where I'm stuck in the middle of a fight."
"\"The only thing I can say is I've been very impressed with the staff and the leadership,\" he said."
"The deal was approved by the European Commission in November, but the two sides were not able to agree on a date for a final deal."
"\"I think we've got to be better than that,\" he said, adding that the two- year- old was \"very happy \"and \"very proud \"of his new team."
"\"There's a lot of talk about what a Trump presidency would mean for the United States,\" he said."
"The company also said it would not be able to fully fund the project until the contract was completed in March."
"\"We're not going to get involved in the politics of the past,\" he said at a rally here."
"\"I have to admit I was a little disappointed with the results, but I am not going to sit back and let people down,\" he said."
"The Washington Post reported that the president- elect has not called for the removal of the sanctions, but has suggested they could be imposed."
"It's a big, big deal because it's going to happen, and it's going to be in a very, very short period of time."
"\"If you were to try to take the gold from me and it went to the bank I wouldn't be able to do that,\" he said."
"It is a very important step in the right direction, but we are not going to be able to do that at the moment."
"\"It's a really good opportunity to get into the world of entertainment and entertainment and see what it's all about,\" he said."
"I have always been a bit of a girl and I feel like I can have a good time and I'm not going to stop until I'm older."
"But in the short run, the number of people who would have been able to use the service would have been much higher."
"\"The fact that they're going to be so long on this, that they're going to be so long on this,\" he said."
"The truth is that we are not really at the point of a knife in our hands yet, we have not got the power to stop it."
"A family friend of a victim told the court:'I was sitting on the floor with my daughter and my wife and my son and I just heard the noise."
"I can't wait to go to the Olympics and I'm sure I will be playing in a big way in my career."
"It's hard, but it's a lot easier than it looks, and it's a lot more fun."
"The federal government's new policy is the first time that any state or territory will be allowed to allow a private sector to compete for a job."
"The new guidelines, which will be published in the Federal Register in November, say the most important factor is the individual's ability to pay."
"The U. S. government says it will not allow anyone to buy the aircraft, and that it will provide assistance to the Russian government in its investigation."
"The federal government has been working with the federal courts to resolve these issues, but we don't have the resources."
"I'm sure they'll be disappointed because it's a tough game and we're going to have to go out there and win."
"If you don't like the way your image is being used, it's time to move on."
"\"I'm not going to get a ride on him until he's 100 percent,\" she said."
"It's not a game- changing thing, but it's something that's very important to me, and I've been playing it for so long."
"The debate, which will take place on Thursday, was the first time that the candidates had made their cases in front of a live audience."
"I'm happy to play for the first team but I'm not sure if I want to be here or not."
"But the biggest challenge is the fact that there are so many people who don't want to be part of it."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a plan, because if you don't have one, you're not going to have any,\" he said."
"There are no plans for a new television station in the city, but there are plans for a new TV station in the suburbs, too."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged 65 and over has increased by nearly 20 per cent in the past 12 months."
"The first two years were full of drama but in the second half of the season it was all about the players."
"\"The first time I was in a hotel room, I went to sleep on the floor,\" he says, \"and I was sleeping in the same room with the other girls."
"I think it's an important part of the game and I think it's important for the team to be able to compete with the best teams."
"\"I've never had a problem with a customer, and I've never had a customer who's been in a relationship with a customer and said \"I'm sorry,\" \"she said."
"\"I've been in this business for 20 years and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"\"I can't believe that a woman can be president of the United States,\" she said."
"The U. S. will be the only major country in the world to accept refugees and migrants from Syria and Afghanistan."
"It's a massive step forward for us and we're delighted to see the improvements we have made to our training and preparation."
"The poll shows that a majority of voters, 62 percent, want a Democrat in the White House, while just 14 percent want a Republican to run."
"The former England international has also been linked with a move to England, although it is not clear if he will be offered a contract."
"The man, who did not want to be named, said he was able to take his daughter, aged 17, and two sons, aged 11 and 14."
"If the team's performance in the last three months is any indication, it is a good one for the future."
"\"This is the first time that I've been able to do this and it's a massive achievement,\" he said."
"It's a good opportunity to get out there and compete and to get some good experience for the first time."
"But it's only a matter of time before he gets caught up in the culture war and gets thrown into the media."
"\"We are not going to let these people out of our country,\" he said in a statement after the shooting."
"He is not the only one who has been given the benefit of the doubt by the government's response to the refugee crisis."
"I'm not sure what the real reason is for that, but I know the team is excited about it."
"And I am not just going to say it's not good, but it's not good enough."
"The group is believed to have taken control of the area after a series of incidents, which were caught on CCTV."
"It's not like I'm going to do anything to make up for it, but I'm going to try and get better at what I'm doing."
"I have a lot of people that I talk to, and they've all been in the military for a long time."
"I had to go to the hospital because I couldn't see my wife because I couldn't see what was happening."
"There are no plans to delay the official announcement of the new year, and the government is working to set up a new year's holiday to mark the occasion."
"The problem is that I have to find a way to get my feet back in the water and make a living, so I'm not in the water."
"It's not like you can go to a restaurant and have a meal without being served at a proper restaurant."
"\"I think the same thing will happen to our government in the UK, and I think it will happen to the rest of the world,\" she said."
"It's not the first time that the country has been hit hard by the Brexit vote, with the UK's economy losing more than half its value."
"\"We have to keep in mind that these are only a small number of people and we are not expecting them all to be here,\" he said."
"The study was conducted by researchers at Harvard University, and the results were published in the June issue of the journal."
"But the campaign has had a lot of people asking questions about what it is that the Republican Party is trying to do."
"The Government has pledged to boost the number of homes for sale and increase the number of people with a disability from over 250, 000 to over 300, 000 by 2020."
"The two- year- old was rescued from the scene of the crash by a rescue helicopter and is now in a stable condition in hospital."
"The man was arrested at the scene and was taken to a nearby hospital where he was later released."
"I'm sure that he's going to be very disappointed, but I'm sure he'll be very happy with the results."
"They're a group of people who have been living together for a long time, and they're going to have a relationship that's going to be pretty special for a long time."
"The women were not able to make it to the doctor's office to get a diagnosis, so the woman's family was told to call the police."
"The men's and women's teams are also expected to be tested in the same area, with the NRL's medical staff expected to work with them."
"It's the first time since the end of the cold war that the UK has not been invited to participate in the competition."
"The biggest difference between these two groups is that they are much more likely to have a child who is not a citizen."
"I don't know how much I could have done better, but I am so grateful that I was able to help him out."
"The first time I saw her in person I was in tears, and then I was going to go home and watch the show."
"\"He's an amazing guy, he's the sort of guy you want in your life,\" said Ms. Miller."
"It was a bit of a surprise, and I didn't think it was going to be a surprise, but I think it was a surprise."
"\"It's hard to believe that we have to pay for this,\" he said, referring to the cost of the city's current fire station."
"The government has said that it is working with the European Union and other countries to help free up resources for the project."
"The first was the attack on the New York City police department's headquarters in 2013, when a suspect armed with a knife and a gun was arrested."
"\"I think the only thing that makes sense is that he's got a lot of experience in this business,\" she said."
"The rate of inflation is set to remain at a record low of 0. 5 percent, the Bank of Japan's central bank said on Friday."
"He said: \"We've seen the impact of Brexit on the NHS, but it's the new normal that we're in."
"\"It's been a lot of work, and I'm going to have to put my head down,\" he told the BBC."
"\"I am not saying I'm not going to be able to do it, but I am not saying I'm not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great honor to be a part of this team,\" he said."
"\"It was the worst thing I ever did, I could never have done it again,\" he said."
"The government's plan to introduce a tax on high- net- worth investors would be welcomed by many investors, but critics fear the move could lead to a massive rise in the number of high- net- worth investors."
"\"I am not going to get into the details of what I would do or where I would be, but I am not going to say I would not be,\" she said."
"He is also a graduate student in the department of environmental engineering and has a degree in chemical engineering from the University of California."
"He said he is \"very pleased \"with the way the government has addressed the issue and he is hopeful the issue will be addressed in the next Parliament."
"I think we all have a responsibility to be able to do the right thing, but the fact of the matter is that we didn't."
"If the UK doesn't want to have a trade relationship with the EU, then the UK can have a trade deal with the EU."
"The French government is also considering the possibility of a referendum on the membership of the EU, a spokesman said."
"I had a chance to do this in the last few years and I still can't believe it was done."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance and is currently in custody."
"The company's stock is down by more than half since the election, and its shares are down by more than a third since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce."
"We want to give the government the right to use its powers to bring the best possible outcome for its citizens."
"\"I think the first step was to see if it was a good idea and if it was a good idea at the time,\" he said."
"\"The problem is that we have a lot of people who are not in the industry, and they're not doing anything,\" she said."
"The FBI and the Justice Department have also launched investigations into Clinton's email use, which is under investigation by federal prosecutors."
"It's a small price to pay to see a lot of that stuff happen, but the more I watch it, the more I see it."
"The men were charged with possession of an offensive weapon and possession of an offensive weapon with intent to use in a violent act."
"I don't know if it's something we've done before or whether it's something we've done in the past."
"In the end, he was a pretty good player, he was a good team player and he's been a really good player for us."
"I am confident that we will be able to continue to build on the progress made in the last three months,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for more than 20 years and I know the fans will be very disappointed,\" she said."
"The pair were reportedly \"very close \"at the time of the incident, and the two were reportedly having a relationship at the time of the incident."
"In the wake of the vote, the number of people who voted to leave the EU rose by 0. 3 per cent, or 18. 6 million people, to 37. 4 million."
"He said he had spoken to the woman, who did not want to be named, and she had told him she had been staying with the man."
"The world's largest democracy has been in a state of shock after a string of recent events that have left many people deeply affected."
"\"I'd like to see the world go to sleep in peace, I'd like to see a world that's better than the one I've lived in,\" she said."
"The Government is committed to a comprehensive plan for the future of Scotland's nuclear industry, which includes the creation of a nuclear safety and security review board."
"\"We have to look at the wider picture, we have to look at the whole of the market,\" he said."
"The main thing we have to do is stay positive and make sure we get the right mix of games, that we play the best football possible."
"The company's shares were down 0. 6 per cent at the close on Wednesday, their lowest level since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The Ministry of Defence, which is responsible for the air forces, said it would review the incident and determine if there was any further action."
"The problem is that there's not enough evidence to prove it was a terrorist attack, and there's no way to prove it was a terrorist attack on the basis of what we know."
"He was a big part of the team and we are looking forward to seeing him again."
"But the French have been told to get on with it, saying they have to make sure they are not the target of attacks."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said:'I didn't know what to expect and I didn't know what to expect when I saw him."
"The process of getting married is not easy, especially when you are married to someone you love, and you have to go through a lot of pain."
"The three- year- old boy was rushed to hospital where he was later treated for minor injuries."
"The manager told the club's website that he would have to wait until next season to take any decisions on his squad."
"\"I think the timing is right for the season to be a little bit different, but I think we're in a good position to play well,\" he said."
"The UN Security Council on Friday approved the use of force in a campaign against the Islamic State group, which has claimed responsibility for attacks in Paris, Brussels and Berlin."
"The UK government has been clear that it will not be able to rely on the UK for funding if the EU does not want to stay in the single market."
"The president- elect's family has been in the spotlight in recent days, with several reports of family members of Trump's children being called to speak at rallies."
"\"I was on a flight from London to New York, I was having a flight from London to New York, and I was at the airport and I was told that I couldn't go to the airport,\" she said."
"The move comes after the Scottish Government said it would introduce an additional \u00a3 500 million in funding to support the sector."
"We have a lot of young players who are just starting to play and they are doing well, so it's a good thing."
"I don't know what he was thinking, but I don't know if he was worried or anything."
"\"I think we've been lucky to have a couple of guys that are doing it, but it's been a tough few weeks,\" he said."
"The group says it is now ready to take on the challenge of providing the best service to the community and the community has the money to do so."
"We had a great year last year, but we are still a young team and we are still in a good position to win games."
"I don't know what to say but I don't want to be the guy who's going to do it."
"\"There's a lot of talk about what a Trump presidency would mean for America and how we can make America great again,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if there's a limit to what a person can do,\" he said."
"\"We're in a really good position and we've got to come out and play really well,\" Jones said."
"I'm not going to get involved in a race that's going to be in the middle of the night."
"The court heard that he had been drinking heavily for a year before he was arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon."
"The goal of this investigation was to determine if the man had been aware of the child's age, age and sex."
"And if you don't have any money, you can buy a home in the suburbs for $ 1, 000, 000."
"The largest number of people in the world are under the age of 30- a decade ago, according to the World Bank."
"\"I've got to be honest, I'm not happy with the way the game is going,\" he said."
"It's a world we're not used to, but I think it's a world we're going to see again in the near future."
"In a new poll, 64 per cent of people in the country's largest city felt the same way, while just 10 per cent felt the same way in London."
"The number of people who have been arrested has risen by more than 50 per cent since the Brexit vote, the report said."
"It's a lot of pressure, but the work you put in, the effort you put in, you're always a part of it."
"It's a very easy game and you have to be able to get the ball in the right position, but you have to get the ball in the right position well and I'm sure he will be very pleased to see that."
"The average age of the men is 28, and the average age of women is 46, the report said."
"The men are said to have been in a car with two other men, one of whom is believed to be the owner."
"The boys are in a different situation because they've been there for a long time and it's a tough situation for them."
"\"I can't believe I have to go through this,\" he said, adding that he had never heard anything like it."
"\"I don't know what the problem is, but we have to go out there and play,\" he said."
"I think if we are to make it work for the future, we need to get the right people in place."
"It's a great story, but I think it's a story that's a lot more important to me than anything else."
"The problem is that when you have a team that's not able to get to the playoffs, you can't win games."
"The state's Democratic governor said he would sign the bill into law if the bill passed in the Senate, but that he would not sign the measure into law."
"The second day of the court hearing was also attended by a number of witnesses who were not present at the hearing."
"The first thing you have to do is ask yourself what is the best way to get your money's worth."
"He's got a bit of a career ahead of him but he's got to be ready to play every day."
"\"It's a very good thing, but we're going to have to get in there and try to win it,\" he said."
"The US State Department said the UN Security Council was considering the matter and the Security Council had been informed of the situation."
"We have a problem with the way we're doing things and we need to change that."
"I don't want to say what I want to say, but I have to say that it was a big step for me and I feel better now."
"The latest data showed that the number of people using the service fell from 25. 6 million in 2014 to 17. 3 million in 2015."
"I didn't really know what to expect, but it was a good start and I'm really looking forward to the next game."
"\"I'm not saying that there is no chance of a positive outcome, but we are seeing it,\" she said."
"He has been a very good leader, and we are very pleased to have him back."
"He told the BBC: \"I think it's fair to say that it's not the case that the referendum is a referendum on the future of the UK."
"\"We are not going to be able to get it done without the support of the American people,\" he said."
"If you're not in a relationship, don't worry, it's only a matter of time before you have to leave."
"But they're not at the level of the other candidates, and the one thing they can say is that they're not worried about the election."
"The figure is expected to be higher than the 1. 9 per cent annual rate of inflation in the third quarter of 2016."
"I was worried about my family and I wanted to make sure that they had enough money to pay for my funeral."
"He's a good athlete and he's a good football player, but I don't think he's the kind of player to have a good day."
"The next day, the two men were found guilty of rape and sentenced to seven years in prison."
"They may be able to talk about it, but you can't really help them."
"\"I think that's what we're trying to do, and that's what we're doing right now,\" he said."
"The only way I can think of to be more of a father to my children is to help them grow up."
"\"We're not going to be able to keep them,\" he said, \"and we'll have to make a decision about the future of the company."
"A U. S. official said on Monday the U. S. government is willing to discuss the possibility of a cease- fire with Russia, but that talks are ongoing."
"The trend has been seen in other parts of the world, including Australia, China and Brazil."
"It's a new era for the people, and I think it's going to be a great one."
"It's not like we're going to win the league, we're going to get in there and win it."
"We're going to be the first team to ever do that, and it's going to be a massive success."
"\"I think it's important for me to be able to talk about my experience,\" he said."
"The third- quarter gross domestic product grew at a 2. 4 percent pace, compared with the 1. 9 percent pace recorded in the same period last year."
"But the issue of who should be responsible for the operation of the vaccine has become a major issue in the vaccine debate."
"He said: \"I think the UK is a great country, and I think the rest of the world is a great country too."
"But I think it's important to get a clear idea of where you are and what you want to do."
"\"If it is not, then the whole idea of a fair and just tax system is not going to work,\" he said."
"If we want to win, we need to be winning the games, we have to be winning the games, we have to win the games and we have to win the games, but we have to win the games and we have to win"
"If you can't afford to pay for the rent, you can simply buy a home on the market and save a few hundred dollars."
"He was a player who could make a difference, and if you look at the teams he's played against, he's been a very good player."
"I don't think it's fair to suggest that a woman has the right to decide what she wants to wear."
"The problem is that the company has never paid for the services of the patients it has treated, and it is difficult to find them."
"I would say to the people of the United States that you have to have a clean energy future, and you can't just go to another country."
"\"I don't know what's going to happen when I get out of here, but it's a very good thing,\" he said."
"It is not just about the players, it is about the culture, and that's something we will be very careful about."
"In this case, the woman, who has not been named, was arrested in her car after she was told she would be unable to use the train."
"\"I don't think it's going to be the same, and I don't think it's going to be the same if the market doesn't change,\" he said."
"The vast majority of people in the UK are not educated and, in fact, are not even aware of what they are doing."
"\"We've got to be very careful, because we're going to see a lot of damage,\" he said."
"The two men, who have not been named, were arrested at the scene and released without charge on bail."
"In a speech on Wednesday, he said he would not stand for re- election, but would instead be supporting his party's nominee."
"It's a game of waiting and seeing where you go from there and what you do."
"The company says its main focus is on improving its customer experience, and that it's confident that its customers will be able to easily access its services."
"But the three- year- old boy who died in the blast was only one of many children who were injured in the blast."
"The EU is the only country in the world that does not have an agreement on the use of force in the civil war."
"\"I would not want to be in a situation where I'm not going to be able to play,\" he said."
"I had to find someone else to be able to talk to, and it was a lot of fun, but I had to make sure I didn't get the impression that I was making it up."
"We don't want to take anything away from them, they are our brothers and sisters and we are very proud of them."
"The two men, who are both from the same region, were arrested by police in the city of Aleppo on Monday, the Syrian National Council said on its website."
"\"We are not going to sit here and say this is a good deal,\" he said, adding that the Government had not \"made a decision \"on the terms of the deal."
"\"I was on my way back from work and I had to get out of the car and get out of the front door,\" she said."
"In the end, the only thing that matters is the outcome of the election, not the outcome of the entire world."
"But the police have insisted that the man's friends and family were not involved in the incident and that it was not a terrorist attack."
"\"I think we're doing a good job of it,\" he said of his team's defensive efforts."
"I have to be honest, I didn't expect that much from him, but he's a great player and he's a great leader."
"The government has been pushing for a further five- year period of growth to avoid a repeat of the 2007 recession, which saw the economy grow at a 0. 6 per cent pace."
"\"We've got a lot of people who are looking at us and saying, \"How can we be here?"
"The money is available to help people who are struggling with their finances and in need of support, he said."
"The key question is whether the new system is sufficient to meet the needs of the population, and whether it can be maintained in a way that is both sustainable and sustainable."
"The new rules come into force on the day the company meets its targets for growth of more than 50 per cent by 2020."
"The company said it would be working with the Federal Reserve to help ease the pressure on the bank's balance sheet and make the credit card business more competitive."
"\"I think the only way to be more of a champion is to make it so that you can go out and win,\" he said."
"If you're not in the mood for that, then you can look at the games and see the teams that have been playing well."
"It was a big blow to me, because I didn't have a home and I didn't have a career and I didn't want to go back to school."
"The majority of people who are affected by this are young people, who are at risk of being affected by the new rules."
"\"He's a guy who I've known for a while, and I think he's a great guy to have around,\" he said."
"But the company's shares rose in after- hours trading on Wednesday after the news that it had acquired a majority stake in a Chinese internet company."
"In the last two years we have had more than two million people come here, and they are all very nice."
"We're a big team, we have a lot of experience, so we're going to be a good team for a while."
"The Scottish Government has said it will continue to support Scotland's role in the EU single market, which has helped to boost the economy."
"\"It's a great opportunity to get into the top four in the world and if you can go there and get a bit of a taste of the top eight, then that's all I can really ask for,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be very clear about what we're doing and what we're not doing,\" he said."
"In the United States, the average age at which women are able to vote is 44 years old, according to the latest data."
"A 28- year- old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a hospital."
"\"I want to tell the truth, and I know I can't do it,\" he said, adding that he would like to see his father's name appear on the ballot."
"He said: \"I don't think there's anything wrong with people working for the government, they're just not given the opportunity."
"The deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year and the company hopes to have the new vehicles ready by the end of 2017."
"The four- year- old was found dead in a field on Monday afternoon and is in stable condition, police said."
"\"We have to be ready to go on the field and I think we can do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been able to meet the demand for its products in the United States, but was still not able to find the right supply."
"The researchers found that the proportion of women who reported feeling \"normal \"was about the same as it was for men."
"The world's second- largest economy is struggling with a growing number of problems that it cannot control, including the migration crisis and the growing cost of living."
"He's always been a very strong leader and I've been very pleased with his leadership and the way he has done the job."
"The victims are a young man and a woman, aged between 21 and 25, and a 15- year- old girl."
"I was lucky enough to have a fantastic childhood, but I never really got to enjoy it because it was the only place I could go to play."
"\"I am a little bit surprised that we are going to be able to do it in a way that we haven't done in the last couple of years,\" he said."
"The people who were the most affected were the people who were most likely to have had a heart attack or stroke, the researchers said."
"\"It is not a question of whether I will win or lose, it is a question of what the team will look like in the next three months,\" he said."
"If he doesn't play well in the first half, he will be in a better position to give his side a boost."
"He has been to every one of them, from the beginning, and he is a man of his word."
"The debate will be the biggest event of the year and will be dominated by the economy, trade and the UK's relationship with the EU."
"And the more people who have got the opportunity to use the app, the better it will be for them, because they'll be able to share their thoughts, thoughts, thoughts."
"I've got to be ready to go, I'm not going to be ready to go because I'm not playing."
"I've had a lot of people say that I'm not a good writer, but I've also got to have the right balance of being myself."
"But in the past year, the company has grown to about $ 20 billion in revenue and is now the second- largest U. S. tech company."
"I just didn't have a good time and I had to find a way to get out of the house."
"The statement, which was made in the House of Commons on Tuesday, comes amid reports that the Home Office is investigating allegations made by a former employee."
"The money has been used to build a new hotel in a tower block and a new art gallery, among other projects."
"\"It's a lot of work, but I'm very happy with the results,\" he said."
"They are in a position to get the ball back and have a chance to win the ball back and make it a play that they can win the ball back."
"But the reality is that many of the other people who are buying it will be getting a better deal."
"In his letter, Mr. Trump said he would \"not be surprised \"if the United States continued to offer the same benefits to Israel."
"The company's stock rose $ 1. 25, or 4. 4 percent, to $ 11. 21 in afternoon trading."
"They're the only guys that can go up and make it, and it's just a matter of time before they can go down."
"The business was already in the red in May 2015, when the UK voted to leave the European Union."
"The Labour leader said: \"As a mother, I am a strong advocate for our children and the support I receive from my colleagues and friends is amazing."
"The best thing I can do is say what I want, and I've never had a problem with a guy like that."
"The British Medical Association is also looking to raise awareness of the risks of taking an anti- breast drug."
"\"I have had my fair share of challenges, but I've never had a problem like this,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was not aware of any evidence that Assad had used chemical weapons against civilians."
"\"It's been an emotional experience, it's been a difficult year but I'm here to stay,\" he said."
"We're very proud of the fact that we have been able to get a win here in the past two years."
"The first thing I want to say to the people who voted for me is thank you for supporting me."
"But there are some things we can do to help, and I'm just going to say thank you for everything you've done."
"He added: \"There is a massive amount of money in the air, and I don't think it is going to be used to fund a terrorist attack."
"The decision is likely to be a blow to Mr. Obama, who has led the effort to have the proposal made public."
"\"The reason why I'm not going to be able to play is because I have a family,\" he said."
"The loss of a significant portion of the US economy and the threat of terrorism in the region has led to a surge in the number of refugees, many of whom are from Syria."
"The government has said it is committed to protecting the rights of women, but the right of women to choose their own travel arrangements has been cut."
"\"I've been in this business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"The point is we're not going to have a one- size-fits-all approach to this,\" he said."
"The cost of a child born in the United States to an immigrant is about $ 1, 000 per child."
"It's also a matter of pride that we're in the top five in the world, so we're going to get it done."
"It's a little bit different to the way you'd see it in the film industry, but it's still pretty cool."
"\"We have to be very careful in what we do, because there is a lot of anxiety in the community,\" she said."
"I'm not going to lie, I've never had the experience of being in a party where you have to be a really good person."
"The three- month trial is due to last three months, but prosecutors said they were confident that they could prove that the child had been abused."
"I'm not saying it's impossible, but it's something that I'm going to have to deal with in the next few days."
"I'm just happy with how it went and I feel like it's been a great ride."
"The government's own figures show that there were 3. 2 million people without health insurance in 2015, up from 3. 6 million in 2014."
"The most likely scenario is that the economy will grow at a rate of around 2. 5% per year over the next decade."
"The U. S. has been bombing the rebels since they took control of the city of Aleppo in March 2014."
"\"The government is moving in the right direction,\" said the minister, who did not give his name."
"\"I didn't know what was going on, but I was like, \"You know, I'm going to be back."
"I can't tell you how many times I've had to say to my kids, \"You know what?"
"I can't wait to see what happens in the future, but at the moment I don't know what to do."
"\"The people who were injured were not in the car at the time, but the driver of the car was seriously injured,\" he said."
"But it is the belief that there is a certain type of person that we want to take care of, and that we can't do without."
"The latest numbers show that the number of people who have been living with their parents in the past five years has increased by 9, 000 people."
"A spokesman for the department said: \"The UK is the best place to be a mother and it is a place that is often talked about but never actually lived up to."
"The government said the new regulations would be implemented by the end of 2016- 17 and would be in line with existing regulations."
"The French authorities said they had detained the man's wife and two children, and that the child's mother was in a critical condition."
"The Bank of Canada said it expects inflation to remain at its current pace of about 2 per cent this year and 2. 5 per cent in 2016."
"The pair were reportedly in a \"very good relationship \"but the relationship ended in 2015, when they were married in a ceremony at the Royal Palace."
"\"I think that's a matter of time, because I know what I'm doing,\" he said."
"The city's finance department is investigating the incident and is urging anyone who saw the man's car to come forward."
"In the last two years I've seen this happen and it's not a bad thing."
"\"It was a very emotional time for me, I didn't know what was going to happen,\" he said."
"It's the sort of thing you'd expect in a professional sports league, especially when you're playing for a big club."
"I think it's important to be able to go to the next level and not be a bit of a burden on the team."
"\"I am very proud of the work that we have done, and I am very proud of the support that the government has given me,\" she said."
"The Government has been criticised for failing to address a growing number of complaints about the practice, which is still illegal."
"\"There is no doubt that the European Union is a powerful tool in the fight against terrorism,\" he said."
"But I don't think it's a bad thing, because I'm not going to be the one to take away his freedom."
"\"I'm not going to say we're going to be the same, but we are going to be a different team,\" he said."
"In the last few months, we have been doing a lot of testing around the country, and we are doing it well."
"The number of people who have been affected by the fire is now at a record high of 1. 6 million."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about the rise of Donald Trump is his ability to take things as they come."
"\"If I'm in the middle of the night and I'm having a hard time, I'm going to call the emergency number and get help,\" he said."
"A survey of the industry's most important companies found that fewer than 10 percent of the companies in the top 25 were in the top 20 percent."
"The Met Office's forecasts for the UK economy show that the UK's economy will contract by 0. 2 per cent in 2017."
"The Trump administration's decision to delay the order, which was meant to be announced on Thursday, was announced on Friday."
"The agency's board has voted to increase the number of staff from about 500 to about 1, 000, but the number of those who are still employed is still small."
"The agency says that more than half of all new cars sold in China are now built in the US, and that more than half of all new cars sold in the US in 2015 were made in China."
"I think it's a shame that we're not in this group of people to play with and have a good year."
"The second part of the poll, released on Monday, showed Trump leading in South Carolina, which has a margin of error of 3 percentage points."
"\"I would like to think that we have a clear idea of what we want to achieve in the next five years,\" he said."
"In a statement released on Tuesday, the Syrian government said it had \"no intention of continuing to support the Assad regime,\" adding that it was determined to \"defeat \"terrorist groups."
"The best thing to do is to come out and have a good performance and hopefully we can get the momentum going."
"A year later, she was given a three- year prison sentence and ordered to pay \u00a3 200 in compensation."
"The problem is that the market is so strong, it's difficult for people to make up their minds."
"It's a lot of work and a lot of training and it's not easy but it's a lot of hard work and I'm happy to be here."
"\"I think it's a fair criticism to say that he's not a good player,\" he said."
"\"It's like a cross between the two of us and it's like the man and the woman,\" she said."
"\"We have a lot of good players, we're very good at it, so I think it's good to get a lot of credit,\" he said."
"\"I don't think I'm the type of person who would be able to pull off the full- body exercise,\" he said."
"But I don't think he's a bad guy, and I'm not going to say he's not a bad guy."
"The biggest worry for the UK is that it will not have the same level of access to the single market as the rest of the EU."
"It's a shame that he can't get to the top of his game, but he's the right man at the right time."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand that the people who have been affected by this, are not necessarily the ones who are going to benefit,\" he said."
"The government has pledged to spend an extra \u00a3 1 billion on the project in the next three years, despite the fact that only a handful of homes have been built."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we are not the only country that has been affected by this,\" he said."
"We've got a really good squad and we've got a lot of quality players, so it's going to be a challenge to keep them all together."
"\"The police have been there all day and they've got a good lead,\" she said."
"She was not happy with the decision but said that she was proud of the team and their efforts to bring her back to life."
"He's got the tools to do it, but I don't think he's going to be a bad candidate for president."
"In the last couple of years, we've seen a lot of activity and I think that's helped the market in some ways."
"In the past, he has often been seen walking around the area, but this time he was seen in the parking lot."
"\"If you want to have a good relationship with the rest of the world, you have to be able to speak to people in a positive way,\" he said."
"\"It is not a matter for me to tell you the facts, I will tell you the facts,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult time for us, but we are very happy with the progress we have made,\" he said."
"But it's clear that many of them are not happy with the state of the NHS, or the way it is run."
"The fact that we've got a new president is a good sign that we've got a serious race."
"I have a lot of friends that are from the outside world, so I have to be able to speak to them."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we are not going to win it all,\" he said."
"The mother- of- two, who is from the UK and from the Netherlands, said:'I'm a huge fan of the show and I just hope the show is successful."
"The latest figures show that 1, 500 people were killed and more than 2, 000 injured in the violence in Aleppo."
"\"He's got a lot of experience and he's a big guy, and he's got to be able to play,\" Roberts said."
"But it's not just about the quality of the game, it's about the quality of the coaching staff that you have."
"He said: \"There are a lot of people who think it's wrong to be gay in the UK."
"He's done a good job of making sure we're not playing like we're playing at home, which I think he did."
"\"I've had to leave my job and I've had to go to work, and I'm trying to go to school,\" he said."
"The officer said he was told by the woman that he was not going to be able to leave the house after the alleged assault."
"The United States, which is also hosting the Games, has not yet announced how many people will attend the games."
"\"I think the best thing that you can do is to make sure you get a good deal,\" he said."
"I've never seen anything like it, I've never seen anything like it in my life, so I'm just so happy."
"\"I think that's what's important to me in my own personal life,\" she said."
"It was a great experience, but I have to admit that I was a bit surprised that he would have taken that."
"\"We are going to be a very, very happy place to be,\" he said in a video message posted to Facebook."
"The Democratic Party is now the party of the working class, and the working class has a right to be angry about it."
"It's not just about the job itself, it's about how you get to know him."
"We're going to do our best to keep this a success story, but it's important that we don't make it a failure."
"It's been a long journey for me to get here and I'm so grateful for everything I have done."
"And in his speech, he said that the government was \"not a party \"in the referendum campaign, and he said that the British people would vote to remain."
"It's a big ask to have a game like this, but we've got a chance to win."
"It is a bit like a game of golf: you can't always win, and the game is not the same."
"I think we can say we have a pretty good idea of what we are going to be able to do, but it's not going to be a pretty good idea."
"The event was held on the same day as the US presidential election, and the winner will be announced on the evening of November 8."
"A man who stabbed his girlfriend to death in her flat in the capital is now facing murder charges, a court has been told."
"The most important thing for me is to try to get the best out of myself and keep my head up and to stay calm and do what I can to help the team."
"But we were in a good spot, so we just had to go out there and play our game and keep it going, and we did."
"I have made a decision to stop working with them and I have a decision to make to see what happens."
"The men were charged with first- degree murder and are scheduled to appear in court on Wednesday."
"I think that's the biggest thing that he can do right now, and he's not going to give up the big plays."
"It's not just about the money ; it's about the people and the jobs that come with it."
"He said he has no idea what the money will be for, but he hopes to raise $ 15, 000 to pay for it."
"If you have a private conversation with a friend or family member, it's not always clear to them what you're saying."
"He said he didn't know where the money was going, but he was \"extremely concerned \"about the amount of money being sent to his family."
"The European Union's single market has been a source of tension between the UK and the bloc since the UK voted to leave the bloc in the June referendum."
"He's not the only one, but the number of people in this room is really overwhelming and I'm really excited."
"I want to make sure we have a team that is ready to play, ready to compete, ready to compete for the title."
"The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in south- west London have called for a new inquest."
"If you can't even imagine the impact on your life, you may be forced to move somewhere else."
"\"I am not going to say it is a mistake, I just want to make sure that we are ready for the challenge,\" he said."
"A survey of more than 1, 000 people in the capital, where the Olympics are taking place, showed that about half of those who attended were women."
"It's not like I'm going to say anything, I'm going to be quiet, I'll be in my own little space."
"The Democratic Party is on a collision course with the Republican Party, and it's up to the people of the country to decide what they want to see happen."
"I'm going to get the ball and play the way I want to play, and I'm going to do it the way I want to play."
"The latest figures show that the number of women working in the service sector rose by 1. 3 million in 2014 / 15, a rise of 1. 3 million compared with the same period last year."
"It's a great place to be, and it's a great place to be in the summer, so it's a great time to be here."
"It is about the same as saying you want to win the Tour de France but you can't win the Tour de France."
"The Supreme Court ruled in favor of the government in March, but the government has yet to take a decision."
"The biggest question mark has been how much a new record would cost, given the $ 2 million cost of making the album."
"It was the first time since the 1980s that a top- flight team had won the title in its first year in the Olympics."
"The study also found that the number of people who have had sex with someone who has not had sex with their partner for at least 12 months was significantly lower than the number who had sex with someone who had not had sex with their partner for"
"I know we're going to get a lot of people coming to the league and I'm confident that we can do a lot of things."
"A year ago, the Lakers had been the third- worst team in the league, but they've now won six straight games."
"\"If you don't have a proper understanding of how it works, then you don't know what you're doing,\" he says."
"He said: \"I have a couple of things to say about this, and I'll just go ahead and say it."
"He said: \"The Government has always said that we are going to be a country of opportunity for the next generation."
"I think we're going to have a lot of players who can go out there and make plays, and then they can go to the game."
"The new measures are likely to reduce the number of people who are still in the country illegally, and reduce the number of people who are able to claim asylum."
"In the past few years, the number of people who have died from heart failure has increased by more than 30 percent."
"It is very hard for me to think about it, but I do have a good feeling that this is going to be a good year for me."
"The only way to get them to make it was to find them somewhere where they could share their views and ideas."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to a tournament and be like, \"I can do this, I can do that."
"\"I don't think the impact on the economy of the sale of a stake in a company will be negative,\" he said."
"It's a time of year when we're all still feeling the heat, but it's a time of year when we're not."
"It's a great day for me, it's a great day for the team and it's a great day for the fans as well."
"If you have a good idea of what you are doing, you can try to do it in a different way and see if it will work."
"\"We're not going to be able to take a full- scale immigration system off the table,\" he said."
"The U. S. Justice Department said in a statement that it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision."
"But we need to be careful that we don't get in the way of our own growth."
"The study also found that women were less likely to be on a medication that was designed to help them lose weight."
"But when you look at the numbers, you see that there is a lot of work to be done to get this thing back on track."
"I don't want to be the only one that is going to be affected by it, but I think it's a problem."
"\"I don't think that the people who voted in the referendum were going to be happy with me,\" he told the Times."
"The team is very excited and we are looking forward to working with them to achieve this goal."
"But in the last few months, a lot of people have been talking about the new president and the question of his health."
"\"I have to say, I'm very happy with the way I played in the first half,\" he said."
"The US State Department said that the two countries had agreed to a ceasefire in Syria, but that a \"limited \"legitimate cease- fire would be reached."
"We had a couple of guys who were in the mix but we were not playing well and they were not playing well in the first half."
"The pressure is on to get the team to play in the league and it's a shame they don't have a better squad."
"It's not as if we're trying to keep up with the big boys, it's just we're trying to keep our heads down."
"The president- elect has said he will cut off U. S. trade with countries that have engaged in cyber attacks."
"It's not just the money that's in the system, it's the people who are in the system who have to worry about it."
"I know it's been a long time since I've been here, and it's a big loss to the organization."
"We know we're not going to be the best team in the league, we're not going to be the best team in the league, but we're not going to have a team that's going to be a disaster."
"There's a lot of people in the world who are trying to get ahead of themselves and get ahead of their children, and I'm not going to say that's necessarily a bad thing."
"The job of a judge is to keep the public informed, to tell them what to do, to help them decide what to do, and to make them feel good about themselves."
"\"I think it's important for us to make sure that the new president and the new secretary of state have a clear understanding of what we're doing,\" he said."
"The paper said it would be a \"very different story \"if the government was to allow the NHS to be run as it has done."
"\"We've got a lot of good players in the squad and I'm really happy with the way we've done this week,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how much longer they will be able to keep up with the new technologies,\" he said."
"\"I was just trying to get my head around it, it was just a matter of time,\" he said."
"We know that it's going to be a very tough race, but I think we have to be confident that the guys are ready to go in the next couple races."
"\"I think it's a great way to keep your kids safe,\" he said, adding that he has been to the same places twice."
"\"The fact that we're in a position where we're able to do this in the same way as we did before, I think is really exciting,\" he said."
"I think the people who are saying it's a disaster and that it's not going to be a disaster for the future, I don't know."
"The first thing we did was to give him a chance to come in and play, and then we saw how he played."
"If you are at a club and you have a young player coming into the team and you don't want him to play, then you don't want him to play."
"The group's board members will meet on Wednesday to discuss the process of the agreement, which will be reviewed by the board and the NFL."
"The report also noted that while there has been no significant increase in the number of refugees and migrants from Syria, there has been a \"growing \"amount of migration from the Middle East and North Africa."
"The EU and Turkey are also seeking to work out a deal on the migration crisis in the Mediterranean to avoid the risk of Turkey having to shut down its border."
"It's a shame we didn't win it, but we've got to do it in the right way."
"Theresa May's speech on Thursday was a reminder of the lack of progress on the issue in the EU referendum campaign."
"The proposal, which is a bit of a surprise given that the Home Office has been the subject of a long- standing debate over its impact on public order."
"If you don't, you will lose your job and your career, and your children will go to school with you."
"The investigation has now been extended by another six months, meaning the accused are now entitled to a trial."
"\"I didn't know if he had been there, but I was there and he was there,\" he said."
"The news comes as the Federal Reserve looks to boost its policy- targeting for next year, which is set to be a key test of the economy."
"There is also a risk that the new tax regime will have a negative impact on the value of the pound."
"The review comes as the government is facing criticism for its treatment of transgender people, with some calling for a ban on the practice."
"There are some who say I should be a judge but I'm not. I am not a judge, but I am a politician."
"The new approach, which is designed to reduce the amount of time it takes to move a piece of furniture, is expected to save the company about \u00a3 1, 000 a year."
"It is the latest in a series of measures that are expected to be put in place to help improve the security of the nation's roads."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do, and I'm still learning the system and I'm not sure how to do it,\" he said."
"But the report said the government was not in a position to stop the flow of migrants into Europe and urged the European Commission to act."
"\"I think we've been a little bit off the pace, and we'll see how we go,\" he said."
"I don't know if that's going to happen, but I'm not worried about that, I'm worried about the next one."
"The way that he played in the first half, when we had a chance, he was in a good position."
"I'm really pleased with the performance and I'm really pleased with the way the first half of the season has gone."
"It's not as if they have a vision of what the future will look like, but they're willing to take risks."
"I've never had a meeting where I didn't like the idea of this, and I'm just so happy."
"I'd like to think it's a little bit more difficult than it was last year, but it's not a problem."
"A police spokesman said the man was taken to hospital with serious injuries and was expected to survive."
"We want to continue to engage with the community and continue to engage with the government and with the public in the areas of education and health."
"\"I've been in this position before and I've always been a leader, so I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"It's not like I'm thinking I'm going to make it here, but I'm not going to be here forever."
"\"You've got to be able to get out of the way, but you've got to have the right balance between what you're doing and what you're doing,\" he said."
"But I don't think I have a lot of time to waste on things, I just have to have a good time with the boys."
"I think the world has changed, and I'm not going to sit back and let it."
"We're working hard to make sure that we get the right product for our consumers and we're continuing to work with the manufacturers to make sure that we get the right product."
"He said he'd been \"very lucky \"to be alive, but he was still \"very much in shock \"by the news."
"It is also the first time in the history of the game that the first team has won a title in three consecutive seasons."
"But I think the biggest thing for me was just to make sure I didn't lose my mind."
"I'm sure he'll be in a good place to make his first start and hopefully we can put him in a good place to finish the season."
"\"You know, I'm not going to say he's going to be a Republican, but I'm not going to say he's going to be a Democrat,\" Trump said."
"And I think that's what we've got to do in order to get the best players that we can."
"But if you look at the way we've gone about this, we've created more jobs than we've created in the past 10 years."
"He's been around for a while now, and I think he's a really good fit for the team."
"We've got to do a lot of things to keep this team on track and I don't want to see any of that."
"I don't think it's going to be a great place to be for me, but I'm going to be happy with it."
"\"We are also looking at a number of other issues, including the possibility of a terrorist attack,\" he said."
"\"I would like to thank the whole of the club and the staff for their support and support in this difficult time,\" he said."
"The second group of people who are more likely to be in the group are those who have been exposed to the drugs for at least two years."
"The prime minister's office said in a statement that the government would be \"fully aware \"of the inquiry's findings."
"The mother- of- two said:'I had a baby, but I didn't know what to do with it."
"\"I don't want to get into the politics of it, but I do want to make sure we get a fair deal,\" he said."
"\"The thing I'm most proud of is that I didn't really have any problems with him,\" he said."
"And I think he's a really good example of what a good leader can be and what a good leader can be in a democracy."
"I think it's important to understand that if you are a young person, you are not going to be able to achieve the kind of success that you would want to."
"I think it is important that we are not only on the front foot, but also on the back foot and I think we need to be on the front foot."
"It's a lot more than just the size of the home and the size of the house, it's a whole lot more."
"A lot of people have done it and it's been a great experience, but I'm not going to give up."
"It's been a long time coming, but it's not over yet and we're all just excited to get started."
"He is the sort of player who can be found in the centre of the park, and it is a good feeling that he is going to be here."
"\"It is a really good deal,\" said one investor, who asked not to be named because he was not allowed to speak to the press."
"It's the sort of thing that can be done in the UK, but it's not quite the same as a real life experience."
"The man is described as a black man in his 20's, with short black hair and blue eyes."
"We have to do it as a team, we are not going to do it on the pitch, but we will do it in training."
"The story of the year, a year that has become the year of the best of all possible things, is that of the \"great \"of the internet."
"The U. S. Department of Labor has estimated that the number of women in the U. S. labor force could grow to 1. 7 million by 2020."
"I've always been a big fan of the Scottish FA, and I'm very happy that I have been able to come here and do something special."
"The couple had been planning to move to a more peaceful location to live with their children, but were told they could no longer afford to live there."
"But it's not just about the money ; it's about the people who make it happen."
"\"We're trying to get a lot of people to come here and see us and see what we're doing,\" he said."
"A man is in hospital after being hit by a train while trying to cross the road from the city centre to the south of the UK."
"\"We have to be very careful in terms of what we say in the press and what we say in the meetings,\" he said."
"The former Liberal leader said the party's failure to win a majority in the House of Commons in the first half of the year was a \"sickening \"event."
"He said:'I'm not sure if it's the same as the other day but I don't know if it's a bit different."
"I've had a couple of injuries, but I've never felt like I was putting too much pressure on myself."
"\"We have had a huge amount of pressure on our players, and I think we need to be more positive about it,\" he said."
"I'm not worried about the money, I'm worried about the people I work with, the people that I work with every day."
"\"I'm just not going to make the same mistakes that I made last week, and I'm going to make sure that I keep getting better every day,\" he said."
"I'm sure he's very aware of the fact that he's been doing this for a long time."
"I am not going to sit back and let this happen, because I think we need to be a better country."
"The man was arrested at a police station and later released on bail, but is not believed to have been injured."
"\"If we don't do something about this, we'll have to make it worse,\" he said."
"The judge said he had been working in the area for the past two months and had not seen any suspicious activity."
"I'd like to think he's got a lot of time to live, and I'd also like to think he has a lot of energy."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said: \"We are aware of a male who was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder."
"If you're not getting paid for your work, it's hard to see how you can continue to do what you love."
"\"I'm happy to do it, but I'm not sure I would be able to do it if I wasn't in the position,\" she said."
"\"There are some very good people out there, and I've been in the business for over 20 years,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I have no intention of doing anything that's going to make me feel better."
"\"We don't know how much it's going to cost, but it's going to be a significant investment,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm really, really proud of her and I'm really, really grateful for all the support she's given me."
"I don't know what he is thinking but he has done something so terrible and I don't know what he is thinking about."
"\"It's a big problem, it's a big problem in the last few years, we've got to do something about it,\" he said."
"The result is a significant increase in the number of people who are unable to pay for the care they need- and which is not good enough."
"The U. S. military has said it is ready to engage in combat operations against ISIS in Iraq, but has yet to take part in combat operations against the group in Syria."
"And the kids that I work with in the studio are getting ready to do their own thing."
"\"I am very happy with the outcome of the referendum, I am happy with the government's response, but I don't want to leave the EU,\" he said."
"I think it's very important for the people who are going to be in the next four years to understand what is going on."
"It's a very simple thing, but you can't have a whole lot of people saying, \"You can't do this."
"The Lakers have a lot of players who are willing to go to the line, but I think it's important for us to focus on the process."
"\"He's an amazing person and he's going to be a fantastic ambassador for the club,\" said the club."
"In the past few years, we have seen a significant increase in the number of migrants and refugees who arrive in Europe and arrive in Greece."
"And they're not going to be able to do it without help, because we have to do what we have to do."
"The couple had planned to spend the night at the home of their son's mother, but they decided to go to bed early instead."
"\"We're not going to be able to just let them go on and let them die,\" he said."
"He is a good kid and he's a good kid and he has got a lot of work to do to be a good kid."
"I think it is going to be a different way to play this year and I am excited to get involved."
"The team's first two games have been a two- game series against the New York Giants and a two- game series against the Carolina Panthers."
"There are a lot of people who can't get into politics because they're not interested in the politics of the country."
"I have to say that when I was younger, I didn't know what to do with myself."
"The first step in a process that is going to be a very difficult one, is to determine what is going to be the best path forward."
"If you want to keep a low profile, you may want to make a list of things to do in the future."
"I'm not going to say it was a disaster, but I think it was a really good run."
"\"I have never been more proud of the work of the staff in the last two weeks than I am,\" he added."
"\"We don't want to be in the position where the people who are on the front lines don't know what's going on,\" he said."
"The list includes the country's biggest names, including the world's biggest names in sport, the Olympics, the world's biggest sports teams and the world's biggest sporting events."
"\"I was able to get my hands on it and I'm just excited about it,\" he said."
"The government's plan to cut the tax rate on property sold abroad has been met with opposition from many in the industry."
"\"We're not going to give up on that, we're going to go after every single option,\" he said."
"The new version of the software will be available in the UK beginning on September 1 and will be available in Australia and Europe on September 1."
"It's a lovely thing for a young man to be involved in a sport where he's not going to be able to do it for another four years."
"\"I've been in the game a lot longer than I have, so I've got a lot of work to do,\" he said."
"He was also charged with two counts of sexual activity with a minor in the early hours of March 22, 2015."
"\"I am not a fan of the idea of a woman president, because I don't like the idea of a woman president,\" she said."
"\"The fact that they're not allowed to be around the site for a long time is not a surprise,\" she said."
"We are a small team and we have to be consistent and we have to keep playing at a high level to win games."
"The initial decision was made by the Home Office, which said that it had not received the letter and was not aware of any other complaints."
"It's a very tough game, but I'm not going to lie, I think he's a good player."
"We are a country that is not just on the side of the rich and powerful but also of the poor."
"\"We're in a world where we have to be very careful, very careful about what we say,\" Mr. Trump said."
"The former president and First Lady was in New York for a visit to the White House in January, and Trump's daughter, Ivanka, was in New Jersey for a trip to the state."
"We will look at the evidence and we will make sure that we have a good view on what is going on in the country."
"The message is clear: if you don't like a product, you can always go back to the original owner."
"I've been able to get to know him better, and I'm excited to see him play in the Premier League."
"The company says it will have a \"major impact \"on the \"customer experience \"of its customers, including in the form of increased costs."
"The only way we can do that is by having a very diverse team, and by having a very diverse group of people."
"\"I don't think I've ever had an opportunity to be an actor in a major studio,\" he says."
"The money would be used to help the family of a fallen child, who will be able to travel to the United States to attend school."
"\"You could have a look at the data and say there's a massive problem,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's going to be the same this year, but I'm excited about it,\" he said."
"It was a tough decision for us to make, but we made it and we will keep on going."
"A year later, he had to leave his home for a job in New York City, and then in Florida to work at a construction company."
"The idea of a union with a lower- level employer is an idea that has been around for a very long time."
"A third of the players are in a group of eight, with the rest of the top eight in the group stage."
"We are going to continue to work with the police and the security services in our investigation into this matter and we are confident that it will be dealt with as quickly as possible."
"The way we're playing now is the way we want to play, and I think we've played a lot better."
"We have been working on this for a long time and I don't think it will be a long time."
"\"We've got to be able to run and we've got to be able to play defense, and that's what we're trying to do,\" he said."
"The British Medical Association is demanding the government take action against the company for failing to provide information about the costs of treating patients in the UK."
"\"I think it's a great thing for the fans to know that I'm going to be back,\" she said."
"The prime minister's office confirmed that the two men were arrested in France on suspicion of planning a terrorist act."
"The US dollar has lost about 1% against the euro since the crash, and the pound has lost about 0. 5% against the euro since the referendum."
"I think it's important that we get out there and play hard, and that we get into the game early and we don't let that happen."
"The US has said it is looking into the possibility that it may have provided the Russian hackers with the information."
"I'm not sure what the other side of the argument was, but I think the police should have been in the room."
"\"I want to make sure we don't get into a situation where we have to look for the best possible solutions,\" he said."
"\"We are also working with the Afghan government to establish the appropriate channels to reach out to the Russian side,\" he said."
"\"It's a pretty big group of people, they're going to be in a lot of trouble,\" he said."
"The second problem is that the kind of person who was talking to me about the previous two games, I don't know how to respond."
"The UN says it has no choice but to send aid, and that it needs to make sure that the peace process is based on a peaceful one."
"The whole thing is so interesting, you get to know the guy in a different way, and then you get to know him in a different way."
"\"We've got to make sure that we do everything we can to get them back,\" he said."
"\"There are so many people that are waiting to get into this game that are not ready for it,\" he said."
"I think we've just got to be more consistent and we've just got to do what we've been doing all season and we're going to be good."
"He said he had no idea what the problem was until he saw the video of the two boys being attacked."
"The people of the UK have to be aware that if you are in the EU, you can't come here and vote."
"The home secretary is expected to tell MPs that she is \"deeply sorry \"for the \"disappointing \"comments of the former Tory chancellor."
"It's a good thing to be able to see the outside of the person that you're filming and it's a good thing to be able to see the inside of the person that you're shooting."
"The average age of the women in the study was 50, compared with an age of 44 in the control group."
"The family, who are not related to the man, have been told by police that the man had been stabbed three times and that he was taken to hospital with a serious injury."
"The other is that he's a man who has been out of the club for a long time, who has done a lot of hard work."
"In the past, they have been able to do so by putting their hands on a number of different objects."
"He was a very nice man, he was always there for me and I would always see him at the bar."
"\"The conversation I had with him was, \"I don't want to talk about it, but you know I'm going to do it,\" \"he said."
"\"I don't think that's going to change the fact that I'm going to be a part of the team,\" he said."
"The government has said it will give an extra $ 1 million to the state to help with the transition, but the money is not yet available."
"\"I've never been in a position where I'd rather have a good relationship with somebody,\" he said."
"She's got a lot of friends, but she's also a huge fan of our game and she's been playing a lot of it."
"The 30- year- old was charged with two counts of second- degree murder and one count of attempted murder, according to the prosecutor's office."
"I think it's important that we understand that there are people out there, and that we can't be seen to be acting against our own interests."
"He was an outstanding player in the first half, he was a fantastic player in the second half, he was a really good player in the third."
"The latest poll also shows Trump's approval rating at a record high of 74 percent, the highest of any candidate."
"I'm not sure it's going to happen, but I think we're going to see it in the next couple of years."
"I'm really excited because I know I've got to do it this year, and it's going to be a great year."
"It's a good way to see what you've got, and if you can't get that on the field, you can't have a good season."
"\"I was a little bit nervous at first but I'm still a little bit nervous at the moment,\" he said."
"He is a man of the people, and that is what he is going to be for the next three years."
"He's been really good in the past, but this is a team that's really not in a position where they're going to be able to defend the game."
"\"I have a very clear view that we must work with them to address this issue,\" she said."
"He added: \"We've got a few of the best players in the world but we've got to make sure we have the best players in the world."
"I've got the best guy on the team, and I'm just trying to get the best out of him."
"The changes are part of a five- year plan to boost the value of Australian exports by $ 1. 6 billion over the next five years."
"The former governor, who was also a member of the Republican National Committee and is a member of Trump's transition team, said he would not be voting for Trump in the general election."
"The problem, he said, is that \"it's a lot harder to be a woman in the workforce than it is to be a man in the office."
"The report said there was a \"real risk \"of \"serious \"damage \"to the city's infrastructure, including the roads and water supply."
"She said: \"I'm not sure how we can get to this point without having the full support of the whole of society."
"The reason why I say it is because they have a lot of money to spend, and they are using that money to buy houses and things."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was not injured and was in a stable condition in hospital."
"But it's a good thing that the two of them have come together and have had a good relationship, because I know that they are very close."
"It was a rare occasion where a politician's speech was more important than the substance of the speech itself."
"The argument is that the more people who are able to get a job, the more they will be able to save money."
"The first is that you don't have to be a man, but you have to be a woman and that's what I'm going to tell you."
"It is not known when the woman, who did not want to be named, was arrested but police said she was taken into custody on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"A total of 29 per cent of people aged 16- 24 have a family member or friend with dementia, a new survey has found."
"The World Health Organization has warned that a lack of awareness of Zika could lead to the virus spreading further into the population."
"The company's stock has risen nearly 50 percent since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce by half."
"\"It's been a great week, it's been a great week for us and we've got a good group of players,\" said the manager."
"The former secretary of state also has a new book coming out this week, which is about her time as the first female president of the United States."
"\"I'm still very excited to be back, I'm still in the mix, I'm still on the outside looking in,\" he said."
"We have been in a really good position to win this season and we have to keep playing good and get some points."
"The president has said he will sign a bill into law that would allow for the sale of a gun to anyone who is 18 or older."
"\"I want to be able to have fun and see the world and be able to say what I want to say and have a good time,\" she said."
"The Department for Education's website says it is \"extremely concerned \"by the \"unprecedented \"number of children being sent to state schools."
"But when I think about how much I want to help the people I care about, I don't think about the money I'm saving for."
"\"I can't speak for the people who are affected, but I can tell you that this is a very difficult time for us,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not, but I do have a feeling it's a good idea,\" he said."
"He also said that he would \"probably \"have to \"keep the same relationship with his wife and children, who are now aged eight and five."
"\"The family has been very close to me since the time I was a little girl,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm just happy to have a chance,\" he said."
"In a statement, the company said it would not be able to provide \"all the information we have about our customers \"in light of the investigation."
"\"The only way to prevent this is to take the time to prepare for it and to see how it happens,\" he said."
"A review of the cases of the victims of the terror attacks in Paris and Brussels that killed 130 people in November 2015 found that no charges were brought."
"\"It's a real shame because we know it's a very tough time for us,\" she said."
"It's a huge opportunity for us, especially in the short term, to get a good result."
"\"We have got to make sure that we have a plan in place, a plan in place for the next four years to get the funding,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it was a bad decision or not,\" he told the BBC in an interview."
"\"I didn't want to have a private conversation with the police, I didn't want to have a private conversation with the public,\" she said."
"The company also plans to build a new site in the city, which it hopes to open in the fall."
"The woman, who is from the Netherlands, had been in the car with her husband, who was travelling from the Netherlands to Germany, and had taken off at the same time."
"He was one of the most successful and famous people I know, but I don't know him much."
"I know that's not what I wanted to hear, so I was very happy to hear it."
"We have been working with the Scottish Government on this for a long time, and we will continue to work with them."
"The new rules come as the Government is preparing to cut the number of hours it will allow workers to work."
"The government's own website says it will work with the union to \"build a better future for women in Scotland \"and to \"help women to achieve their full potential."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it in the way that we would like to, so we'll have to get a good deal,\" he said."
"I've been around this game a lot, and I've seen the struggles of the first team and the second team, but I haven't seen the success."
"The number of people who have been unable to find work in the past 12 months is down from the previous year, the report found."
"I think I'm probably the most talented person in the world and I'm not going to do it for anybody else."
"If you're a student or a senior, you'll be able to apply for a job with the university's website, which will allow you to apply for a job."
"\"You can't just walk away from this situation and say you didn't know what happened,\" he said."
"I have been to the airport a couple of times, and I haven't seen him in a couple of weeks."
"He's a good player, but we have to make sure we don't get him too low."
"And, like so many others, I'm not a big fan of the idea that there are going to be a lot of people who don't like it."
"The fact that we are now at a point where we are having a hard time getting this right is very disappointing."
"It is a matter of pride for me to say that I have not played a part in the decline of this club."
"She said she had spoken with the man, who said he was not the father of the child and that he was not aware of any other children."
"The report found that women were more likely to be affected than men by alcohol, drug use and other factors, and were more likely to be in a relationship with a partner than with a man."
"\"We've been in touch with the authorities, and they're still investigating the circumstances,\" she said."
"I think it's important to know what you are doing, so that you can have a good time with your family."
"I think that the biggest thing for us is that we're going to have a really good week."
"But he added that he had \"no idea \"what was going on, and that he could not be sure what was going on with the patient."
"The police chief said the man was not believed to be armed, and that he was not arrested, but did not say what prompted him to enter the store."
"We are just going to have to get it done, and hopefully we can get it done this year and then we can go out and win it."
"\"The top four teams are going to be the ones that have the chance to win this game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's fair to say that I don't like to see a debate that's so much about race and so much about what we want to see in the election,\" he said."
"\"It's not a case of saying we're going to stop the problem,\" he said, but it's not a case of saying we're going to stop the issue."
"\"We're not going to stop, but we will continue to fight for our rights,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"by the incident and that it was investigating."
"It was a very emotional night, and I'm sure a lot of people would have been in tears if it wasn't for the fact that I was there."
"\"I think it's going to be a good thing for the game, and hopefully we can help the players out,\" he said."
"It's not just about the numbers, but the fact that this group is so diverse."
"\"The problem with the Internet is that you have to make sure you don't make a lot of money,\" he said."
"The U. S. Supreme Court is expected to hear arguments in the case on Tuesday, and the issue will likely be discussed at the Supreme Court."
"The first thing we should do is to ask ourselves, what are we going to do about it?"
"It is a long way from the reality of a woman who is a mother, a grandmother and a mother's child."
"\"We're going to build a wall along the border to keep people from coming in and out,\" he said."
"\"We are working to get to the bottom of what happened,\" he said, adding that the U. S. had no reason to suspect the explosion was terrorism."
"\"I have been told that I have to stay away from the people in the area, especially the kids,\" he said."
"We need to be more careful about what we say in public and that is what is being done in the courts."
"We were in a car and it was just a man, a woman, a little girl, a police officer in front of us."
"They were all equally guilty of the same crime: trying to get money out of the hands of someone who didn't have it."
"A spokeswoman for the Department of Health said the department would review the decision and make a decision on whether to continue the practice."
"The source said the group's top leadership was \"very concerned \"about the situation and \"absolutely \"saying that it was \"not in a position to comment on the matter,\" according to Reuters."
"I don't know if that's the way I want to play, but I'm not going to lose my mind about it."
"And I would ask my parents to tell me that I need to go to college and I need to do a degree, and I need to work to earn it."
"\"The only thing I can say is that I'm disappointed in the decision we made, but I'm also happy for the players to get the opportunity and the fans the opportunity to see the team and see the result,\" he said."
"The Chinese government has launched a \"beijing crackdown \"on internet freedom, but it is still in its early stages, the ministry said."
"The two- year- old was taken to hospital and died on the spot, the police said in a statement."
"\"We're not going to stop until we have a solution,\" he said, adding that the United States would be the first to do so."
"I don't know if it's the last time, but I don't think it will be the last time."
"The guy was standing on the side of the road, and I was sitting in the car and he was holding a gun."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal if you've got a child with a disability,\" she said."
"I'm not going to say it's a good thing for the club, but it's a good thing for me."
"It's a process that's going to take a lot of time, but it's one that's going to pay off."
"\"The two teams have a lot of respect for each other and we're going to be trying to get better together,\" said Brown."
"It is not clear what the exact cause of the accident is, but it is believed to have been caused by the impact of a falling tree."
"We have to go and take a look at ourselves and see if we can improve and if we can win games and hopefully it will be a good one."
"If we can't make a difference in the lives of the children, then we will have to give up."
"He said: \"We're not going to be able to make the same kind of progress as we can in the short term."
"It's not like you can go back to the same place, but you can go back to the same place in a year and it's not like you can go back to the same place every time you play."
"The government's plan to cut the size of the State Department by a quarter, which is already too much, is a lot less ambitious than the one proposed by the White House."
"I just want to tell you, it's not like I've done anything wrong."
"In the wake of the deadly shooting in Paris, the United Nations has warned that the number of refugees arriving in Europe from Syria and Iraq could be even higher."
"The idea is to show the people who are going to be the next president of the United States that they're not alone."
"The company's shares rose 3. 4 per cent to $ 4. 60 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's biggest gain of the year in July."
"The other thing that's going to happen is that you're going to see a lot of people die because of it."
"The women are the only ones who have ever made it to the final, and they are not the only ones who have done it in the past."
"It's a great way to learn about the world, especially the Middle East, and how to play the game better."
"I've got a lot of money and I'm going to be able to play in the playoffs, so I'm happy with my situation."
"If you are not a member of the government and you are a member of the court, then it is not right to hear the case."
"The \"big one \"of the day was a visit by President Barack Obama to the United States, and he came off a day of heavy rain."
"We were all very surprised and disappointed when he was dropped, but we were also pleased with the way he played."
"I am happy to say that I am not alone in my situation, and I have been working hard to get back into it."
"\"I'm not sure I can win the election with him, but I have to say, I think he's got a very good chance,\" he said."
"And I'm not saying that he was going to go to Syria, but he did not go to Syria, and he's done nothing wrong."
"It's a different game now, but I think it's the same as it was when I came here."
"She had a good run and I was happy with the performance, but I was disappointed with the way it ended."
"I don't want to have to worry about it, but I will be doing everything I can to get back to normal."
"The most important thing is to keep in mind that you are not going to win a race with a new manager."
"I'm not sure how long I'd be in the water if I didn't have a family, but I'm sure I would be better off in the water."
"\"I have been in a relationship for 30 years and I've never had any problems,\" he said."
"\"We have to be prepared for what we face in this game and that's going to be a tough game,\" said Murray."
"I would say, \"It's not a problem for me to be on a plane, it's a problem for me to be on a train."
"The tax cut for the middle class is being announced, and the government is working with the public to see if they can make it easier for them to do so."
"I'm not going to lie, it was a great day for me and I'm looking forward to the next one."
"\"I think it's really important to get the message out there that we need to be very careful when we talk about race in America,\" he said."
"I think it's important for me to say something like this because it's the most important thing I can do for my family."
"I think it's important to understand that, at the end of the day, it's the president and I, and I don't want to get into a discussion about politics."
"I'm sure it will be very hard for him to play a full 90 minutes in front of the fans."
"\"I'm sure there's a lot of people that have been waiting for me to come and have a good time,\" he said."
"We were always very excited to get to work, and I think it was a great way to start off the day."
"But I'm not sure that's the way we want to go about it, especially with the way we've played this year."
"In his first interview since the election, Mr Trump said he would make a decision on his Cabinet if he had to."
"We need a real national conversation about what we need to do to address this, and we need the right conversation to be able to take place in the context of the country."
"\"We're going to have to look at the whole thing carefully and make sure that we don't get a similar situation again,\" he said."
"But we're not going to say it's a bad thing to do, but it's not the way we want to do it."
"He said that he had to \"get over it \"and that he would be back in the car next week, but the man was still there."
"But the real challenge lies in the way the game is played, and how much the players feel they are part of the game and part of a team."
"\"I think we have to make sure that we don't get too much information out of our people,\" he said."
"The world's largest economy is not a one- way trip, it's a journey to get to where you want to be, and this is the place to be."
"It's a great way to look at the game and I think it's great for the players to get their chance to play."
"It was a fantastic experience and I'm sure I will be very happy with the outcome and I look forward to playing with the boys again."
"He was also the first officer to be killed by a police officer in a shooting in the city in 2014."
"\"This is a great opportunity to show that the government is committed to helping all Australians, regardless of their income,\" he said."
"The result: the cost of a four- year course in business management is now \u00a3 40, 000, up from \u00a3 33, 000 in 2014."
"In fact, the average person is only about 3. 5 times more likely to be diagnosed with a mental health issue than a physical one."
"\"We are a country of immigrants, and we need to take a different approach to our immigration system,\" he said."
"He has not been able to play for the club, but he has had a lot of chances to come in and we are confident he will."
"It's an opportunity for people to think about the issues, to engage in a conversation and to be informed."
"The AFL's executive board is looking into the matter and is considering the possibility of a formal inquiry into the matter, the AFL said in a statement."
"The survey also found that 53% of women said they were \"very or somewhat \"confident in their ability to make a difference in the world."
"\"I am not going to tell you what I did in the past, but I can tell you I was very good at the game,\" he said."
"He also said that he did not know how the law would apply to other people in the US and would not comment on the cases."
"The minimum wage is now \u00a3 12 an hour and the minimum wage in the UK is \u00a3 14. 50 an hour."
"It's a great opportunity to have a look at some of the best players in the game and to see if there's a lot of talent in the system."
"The claim was made by the union representing employees at the airport and is being investigated by the airline's union."
"The company said it had cut the number of orders it delivered to the UK by 10 per cent in the three months to the end of March."
"He said:'My family and I had a great time here and I am very grateful to have been able to come here."
"I don't know how much I can tell you, but I know I'll be fine."
"The U. S. economy grew at a robust 0. 3 percent in the fourth quarter, compared with a 0. 4 percent pace in the prior quarter."
"The government is also trying to get a hold of the EU's single market, which is the only way to make its goods and services more competitive in the digital age."
"The study found that \"the most likely explanation for the observed changes in blood flow is the effects of exposure to heat,\" the researchers said."
"\"I'm not saying there's no chance but it's a chance if you can't win then you can't play,\" he said."
"We have a good team and we are going to have a good year, but we have to take it easy and come back from it."
"\"This is the first time I've been able to come back from the dead,\" she said."
"He was also a volunteer at a military hospital in the village, where he was treated for injuries sustained in an air strike in Syria."
"She has been in the spotlight since she announced her plans to run for president in 2014, but she has never been a politician."
"I would have loved to have seen a little more of the world but we are now in a better place."
"The 27- year- old from England was the only player to have made his debut for the club this season, making his debut on 18 June."
"We are not sure if it will be a good one, but we will see what happens."
"\"I want to make sure that we can have a safe place for all of our children, and that they are safe and well,\" he told the BBC."
"The number of people in the UK who are waiting longer than expected for their card to be issued has dropped by a third since the Brexit vote."
"\"We are very close to the place where we were yesterday, and we will be there in the next couple of days,\" he said."
"\"It's about the team and the players, the atmosphere, the players want to win,\" he said."
"The proposed changes would make the agency more efficient and cost- effective, the report said, but also make it more difficult for a company to sell to consumers."
"They are not just about the food, but also about the experience, about the way they are treated in the community."
"He said: \"I'm not sure what he's going to do with it, but I'll be doing it."
