"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State militants in Iraq since 2014, but the group has not been able to strike at the U. S. military base in Afghanistan."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the risks and the benefits of having a free trade agreement,\" he said."
"The former Prime Minister said the government was \"very clear \"about the need to make the UK a \"safe haven \"for migrants."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the first half of 2017, the company said."
"\"I think it's important for the club to know that they are not going to be able to play for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the findings and that it was \"confident \"that the new rules would be implemented."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a good relationship with the people who are affected by this,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him I thought he was a bit of a joke, but then I saw the video and I thought he was a real man."
"It was a big win for me, but I'm not going to be happy with the way I played."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who are going to be in the room,\" Trump said."
"It's not just about the money ; it's also about the quality of the work and the quality of the work itself."
"The team is not only working to improve the game, but also to help the players in the long run."
"He said: \"We have been working closely with the police and the security services in this investigation and we are confident that the matter is closed."
"\"We have a lot of good players and a lot of good players in the team, but we have to keep them,\" he said."
"The problem is that we are not in a position to tell people what they should or shouldn't do."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer in the UK has increased by more than a third since the government introduced the cancer screening programme in 2011."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Justice Department over its plans to build a new jail in the city."
"The two- year- old was found dead in a field near the village on Saturday afternoon, the police said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I've been a fan of his since I was a kid,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much the team is going to be able to do in the short term, but I'm sure we're going to be able to do it."
"\"The only thing I can say is that I'm not surprised that they're not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I have been in the game a lot and I have a lot of experience."
"The woman, who did not want to be named, said she had been on a flight from London to New York when she was attacked."
"The Australian dollar was up 0. 3 per cent, or 0. 31 per cent, against the US dollar, which was up 0. 2 per cent, or 0. 35 per cent, against the euro."
"The man, who has not been named, said he had been in contact with the woman for several hours and was not injured."
"I've never had a problem with it, but I've had a few that I've had to deal with."
"The new study also found that women are more likely to be diagnosed with breast cancer, and more likely to be diagnosed with it than men."
"I've got to be careful because I've got to be careful because I've got to make sure I don't get caught up in that."
"I think we're going to have a good game and hopefully we can get a win, but I don't think we're going to have a good game."
"\"I've been on the road for a while, and I've got a lot of friends, and I've been doing a lot of research on the subject,\" he said."
"\"I think the reason I'm here is because I want to help the people of Flint,\" he said."
"\"We've got a very good team and I think we've got a good chance to win the league,\" said the coach."
"The first thing I'd like to do is to make sure we're not just talking about the football, we're talking about the culture."
"The company's shares fell 1. 7 per cent to $ 28. 16 in afternoon trading on Wednesday, their lowest level since the company's stock price was down more than 20 per cent in September."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the virus first appeared in the United States in 2007."
"The company said the number of people who have had to leave their homes in the past year was down from the previous year."
"It's a lot more than just a single- handed decision, but it's a decision that will be made by the people who elected me."
"I think the last couple of years, I've been able to put a lot of pressure on myself and I've been able to get a lot of good results."
"\"It's a big, big deal, because I've been here for a long time,\" he said."
"I think it's a very good thing for the club, for the players, for the fans, for the club to be able to say that we're not going to do anything."
"I have to say that I have been very lucky in my career to be able to play in the Premier League and I will be very lucky to be able to play in the Champions League."
"I think the best thing that can be done is to get the people who are going to be in the camp out there and see if they can help."
"It's not like I'm going to get a job in the next few months, but I'm going to be a very good manager."
"The man was arrested and charged with possession of a weapon and possession of a weapon of a dangerous nature."
"He said: \"I think it's important for people to understand that the government has a responsibility to ensure that they are properly informed about the risks they face, and to make sure that they understand the risks they face."
"\"I think it's important for the United States to be able to help them in any way that we can,\" he said."
"It's not a question of whether you can win it, but you have to do it in a way that is right for your team."
"The poll was conducted on behalf of the Republican National Committee, which has a large presence in the state."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they can play for the team and not worry about the manager."
"\"We're going to have a lot of people that are not going to be able to do the jobs that they're going to need,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The first of the two men to be charged with murder was a man who had been with the group for a year and had been in the group for more than a year."
"The group said it was not clear whether the man had been in contact with the woman, but it was unclear if she had been in contact with the man."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to say, \"I'm not going to work with you,\" \"he said."
"He said: \"We have a lot of good players and we need to build on that and get the best out of them."
"The researchers said they were surprised to find that the more people who had been exposed to the virus, the more likely it was that they would develop a type of cancer."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I'm not going to be the first to say I don't like it, but I don't think it's right,\" she said."
"I think we've got to make sure we're not just going to be doing it for the next five years, but for the next 10."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players and the fans to see the big picture,\" he said."
"\"The fact that we have a new president, I think it's going to be a good thing,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with dementia has increased by more than 60 per cent over the past five years."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people with a disability rose from 1. 2 million in 2011 to 2. 9 million in 2015."
"I'm not sure how much longer it will take, but I'm sure that it will be a long time."
"\"We have a lot of players that are coming through and we're going to keep them here,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to have a look at the numbers and see if you can get a better idea of what's going on."
"\"I'm not saying it's the right thing to do, but I think it's important that we have a culture where people feel safe,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce plans to build a new $ 1. 3 billion- a- year rail network in the next five years."
"It's not a matter of whether you're a good or a bad person, it's a matter of who you are."
"The new rules will apply to all members of the public who are over the age of 18 and who are registered to vote."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to be a part of it,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it in the first game, but he's a young player,\" said Jones."
"The government has promised to spend \u00a3 2. 3 billion on the project, which will cost around \u00a3 2 billion, but the project has been delayed for more than a year."
"\"We are working with the police and the local authorities to ensure that the safety of the public is protected,\" the statement said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not a fan of Hillary Clinton, but I don't think she's going to be a good president,\" he said."
"\"We've got to be prepared to play a game of football and we're going to have to play a game of football,\" he said."
"It's a lot of work to be able to get into the top four and then get into the finals, so I'm really looking forward to it."
"The study also found that women were more likely than men to experience depression, which is linked to a higher risk of depression among women."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised when I got the phone call from the police,\" he said."
"\"I've got to be honest, I didn't know what I was going to do,\" he said."
"The other thing I'm not sure about is whether the whole thing is going to be a big deal for the company."
"The latest figures show the number of people living with a mental illness rose by 1. 5 per cent in the year to June, the latest available data from the Department for Health and Social Care."
"The number of people who have died in the past year in the UK has fallen by more than a third, according to the latest figures from the Home Office."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players, but I don't want to be the guy who gets the ball and makes it happen,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask him to come to the table and talk to me about the situation."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to play, but he's a good player."
"The problem is, the problem is that we're not going to be able to get the people that need them, and we're not going to be able to get the people that need them in the future."
"The government has not said how many people will be affected and there is no indication of how many will be affected by the new rules."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a local hospital for treatment."
"\"It's a bit like a wedding, it's a bit like a wedding but it's a bit more emotional,\" she said."
"The report said that the number of people who were unable to access the service had increased by 1. 5 million in the last year."
"I've been through a lot of things and I'm very proud of what I've done, but I'm not going to let anyone down."
"\"It's not a question of whether we're going to win or not,\" he said, \"but if we're going to win, we're going to win."
"I don't know how to describe it, but it's a very good feeling, and I'm really enjoying it."
"I'm not going to lie to you, but I don't think it's going to be a bad thing."
"The government has been trying to make the case that it is more important to protect the rights of migrants than to help them to reach Britain."
"\"It's a big game, but I think it's going to be a good game,\" said the Broncos'offensive line coach."
"\"I have been told that I should be able to do it, but I am not,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product, the quality of the service, the quality of the products that are available."
"\"I think that's the most important thing for the president- elect to do,\" he said."
"\"I think it's going to be a big game for us and we've got to be ready to go,\" he said."
"He said the \"lack of transparency \"of the government's response to the inquiry had led to the \"very poor \"experience of the inquiry."
"The two- year- old was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries, but was released on bail."
"The other thing is that the people who are going to be in charge of the economy are going to be in charge of the people who are going to be in charge of the economy."
"The study found that the more people who are active, the more likely they are to have a heart attack."
"The United States and Russia are in a tough spot, as they are in the middle of a war in Syria."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that if we don't have the right people in place,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is now being held in custody."
"\"I think it's important to make sure that you have the right people in place to make sure that you're doing the right thing,\" she said."
"The UK's largest bank is the second biggest in the world after the United States, but it has struggled to attract top talent."
"The same can be said for the UK's economy, which is already in a state of crisis."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to be a part of a team that's not going to win,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Wednesday, its best day since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in mid- August."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it was cutting its workforce by about 10 percent."
"It's a shame that we're not able to do it, because we've got a lot of talent."
"I'm not sure if it's the right time to be a parent, but I'm not going to lie to you."
"\"The president has said that we're going to take care of our own people,\" he said, adding that he would be willing to work with Congress to address the issue."
"\"I'm not going to give up on him, but I'm not going to give up on the guy,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to say I'm against it, but I'm not sure I would want to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 percent to $ 11. 12 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it expects the market for its products to grow by $ 1. 5 billion to $ 1. 6 billion in the first half of 2016."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, and is being held in a police station."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your head around what you're doing and make sure you're not doing anything that could harm you."
"The Prime Minister said he was \"very proud \"of the fact that the UK voted to leave the European Union, adding: \"We have a strong relationship with the EU."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 per cent at $ 25. 25 on Thursday, the lowest level since May 2014."
"The woman, who did not wish to be named, said:'I was driving home from work and I saw a young girl running past me."
"\"I'm not saying that we should be doing it all over again, but we need to do it,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's because I'm a little bit nervous, but I'm a bit nervous because I don't know what's going to happen."
"I think it's important for the club to have a strong squad, and I think we've got a good squad."
"The fact that I was able to get a job in the industry and then go to work for a company that I really love is something that I've never felt like I had to do."
"I don't think he's going to be able to play in the playoffs, but he's got to play well."
"The latest figures from the Department for Education show that the number of pupils in primary school has risen by an average of 0. 4 per cent."
"He is the first African- American to serve in the U. S. Senate and the first African- American to be elected to the Supreme Court."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was \"deeply concerned \"by the incident and would investigate."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 2. 10 in after- hours trading on Tuesday."
"\"I think that's a good thing for the sport and I think it's a good thing for the sport as well,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I want to be in the position where I have to do that,\" he said."
"It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything about it, but I'm going to be able to do something about it."
"The incident happened at about 1: 30 p. m. on Saturday, according to the police department."
"\"I'm not going to say anything negative about the players, but I'm going to say what I think is best for the team,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what I'm going to do with my life,\" he said in an interview with the Guardian."
"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm sure we'll see."
"The man was taken to a local hospital where he is being treated for a serious head injury, police said."
"The other thing that you have to do is to put yourself in the position of being able to say what you want to say."
"The company's shares fell 1. 6 per cent to $ 5. 18 in afternoon trading on Tuesday."
"\"We have to be very careful with the media and the fact that we have a very small audience,\" he said."
"The most important thing for me is to get back into the game and get ready for the next game."
"\"I'm not going to be in a position to say I'm not going to be in a position to be a leader,\" he said."
"It's a tough job, but I've got to be ready to go and I'm going to be ready to go."
"The U. S. Department of Justice announced last week that it would investigate the company, which has been under investigation for several years."
"\"We are not going to be able to keep the game going for long enough,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business, because they know what you're doing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 5. 12, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"He said: \"The fact that we have the same number of people in the same place at the same time is a sign that we are doing something right."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I'm sure he'll be able to,\" she said."
"I've been in the industry for a long time and I've always been a big fan of the music industry."
"\"We've got to be very careful with the amount of money we're spending on this,\" he said."
"The report says that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than a third since the outbreak began."
"The prime minister's spokesman said: \"The prime minister is committed to the principles of the EU and the UK as a whole."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't think we've got a chance to win the game,\" said the former England captain."
"The group's board has also been told to look at the issue of the new rules, which are due to be introduced next month."
"I've got to go out there and play hard, and I'm going to be ready for the next game."
"I think it's a very good thing for the country, because it's a good thing for the people of Scotland to know that they are being treated fairly."
"The results are expected to be announced in the next few days, but it's not clear if the company will be able to compete in the market."
"It's not a bad thing to have a guy like that in your team, but I think he's a great addition to the team."
"I think it's important for the club to have a good team and a good manager and I think it's important for the club to have a good squad."
"The government is also keen to set up a \"safe space \"for migrants who have not yet reached Europe, a senior official has said."
"The fact that he's not able to do it for the first time in his career, that's not good."
"\"We are not going to be able to do it until we have the right people in place,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's going to be based on what you know,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will apply to all new employees, regardless of where they work."
"The US has been accused of using a drone in Yemen to attack a military base, but the Pentagon says it is not responsible."
"It's not like we're going to be able to do it all on the fly, but we're going to have a lot of people doing it."
"I don't know what the future holds for me, but I'm going to try and get back to playing football."
"\"I don't think it was a bad idea, but I don't think it's the right one,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital with serious injuries and is in a stable condition."
"It's a lot more than just a game, it's about how you perform, how you perform in the game, and how you can impact the game."
"I'm sure that's a bit of a shock to a lot of people, but I'm happy to be here."
"\"I don't know what the hell they're doing, but I'm sure they're doing something,\" he said."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to do that, but I'm sure he will."
"The first thing we have to do is get the ball out of the way and try to get the ball out of the way of the opposition."
"The only way to do that is to get a lot of the people who are supporting us to come to us and say, \"We're going to support you."
"\"I have been a member of the Labour Party for 20 years and I know the Labour Party is not for me,\" she said."
"He said the government's plan was to give the company a \"full- year \"contract and then to sell the property for $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"I'm going to be doing everything I can to make sure that the people of this city are safe,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government to secure a licence to build the new site, but was unable to secure the money."
"The government has promised to spend $ 1. 5 billion on the project, which is expected to cost $ 5 billion."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 29, or 2. 4%, to $ 46. 35 on Wednesday, the day before the vote."
"The first thing I would say is that I am not in favour of any form of immigration, but I am in favour of a free trade agreement."
"The next day, a friend told me that he had been in a car accident and had lost his left arm."
"I think we're going to see a lot of the same things that we saw in the past, but we're going to see different things."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 1. 6 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The U. S. has been at war with North Korea since the 1980s, and the North's nuclear program has been a major factor in its nuclear program."
"It's the first time in the history of the show that a character has been featured on a TV show."
"It's not like we're going to be able to go into the playoffs and win a championship."
"\"I don't want to be the guy that's going to do everything and say, \"I'm going to do this,\" \"she said."
"\"I'm going to be in the hospital for a while, and I'm going to be in a lot of pain,\" he said."
"\"The only thing I'm worried about is the fact that the people who are going to be there are not going to be able to vote,\" he said."
"The group said it had been working with the government on a plan to remove the ban on the sale of alcohol in the country."
"He said: \"I don't think it's a good idea to put a lot of money into a project that's already very successful."
"\"The reason I'm here is because I want to show that we can be a part of the solution,\" he said."
"\"We have to be prepared for the possibility of a terrorist attack, but we have to be prepared for the possibility of a terrorist attack,\" he said."
"The move comes after the government announced it was going to cut the number of workers at its steel plants by 50, 000 over the next five years."
"The U. S. has been a key ally in the fight against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, and has been a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State in Syria."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a local hospital."
"The first thing I did was to tell him that I'd be coming to the party and I'd be there to see him."
"\"I'm not sure if he's going to be able to play this weekend, but he's got a good chance,\" said the coach."
"I'm not sure how much longer it will be, but I'm sure it'll be better than the last couple of years."
"I am not going to say that I'm a racist, but I'm not going to say that I'm a racist because I don't want to be."
"The government's announcement of a new contract to build a new hospital in the city comes as a major blow to the city's health."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new roads unless the UK leaves the EU."
"The prime minister has said he is \"very disappointed \"by the decision to allow the sale of the property to a Chinese company."
"The next day, the group announced that it had received $ 1. 1 million from the Obama administration to help fund the project."
"The first time I met him, he was a young man, but I didn't know what he was."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play in the next few weeks because of the injury,\" he said."
"\"I was very disappointed that I couldn't get my money back, but I'm happy to be able to do it again,\" he said."
"I don't think we're going to see a lot of change in the next couple of years."
"The study, published in the American Journal of Public Health, found that the number of people who had a heart attack or stroke increased by about 20 percent over the same period."
"\"We are going to have a very good year, but we are not going to be a team that is going to be able to compete,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell 1. 6 per cent on Monday, their biggest single- day drop since March 2015."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital where he is being treated for serious injuries."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"He is a good player and I'm sure he will be a good one for us."
"The BBC is not the only broadcaster in the UK that has been criticised over its coverage of the referendum campaign."
"\"We are going to make sure that we get the best possible deal for the Australian people,\" he said."
"The men are not believed to have been involved in the attack and the woman is believed to have been in a relationship with the man."
"The company said it would add 1, 000 jobs over the next three years, though it would not say how many were in the U. S. and Canada."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that in the next few days,\" he said."
"He's a very good player and he's a great player, but he's not the same player as he was in the first half."
"It's not like we're going to be able to do anything about it, but we're going to have to do something."
"The first thing I want to say is that I am not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"\"I don't know if I would have been able to do it in my head,\" she said."
"The move, which will see the company's shares rise by around 20 per cent, comes after the company's shares rose by more than 20 per cent in the past year."
"The first thing I want to say is that I don't want to be a part of this thing."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see what we can do together."
"The company has been hit by a string of attacks, including one in which a man was stabbed to death in a Paris restaurant."
"The company's shares rose 1. 7 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday as it announced plans to raise $ 1. 5 billion in cash."
"I think we have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in public, because we don't want to be seen as a racist."
"The most important thing is to be able to do your job and not be a burden to yourself."
"He's a good kid, he's a good kid, and we'll be watching him closely."
"The team will be looking to improve on their form in the second half of the season and keep up with the pace of the Premier League."
"I don't know what the consequences will be, but I'm not going to be able to do anything about it."
"The Australian dollar has lost about $ 1. 5- billion since the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in December."
"It's a big game for us, and we have to win it and we have to win it and we have to win it in the last two games, so I think we have to win it."
"The new law, which will be introduced in the autumn, will see the use of the word \"gender \"in the law of the land."
"The fact that we've got a good team and a good squad and we've got a good manager is good for us."
"\"The best thing you can do is to make sure that you're not going to be in a position to be in a position to be in a position to be in a position to be in a position to be in a position to be"
"The company's shares were down 2. 4 percent at $ 21. 53 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 9 percent at $ 1. 21."
"The company said it had been able to secure a deal for a further 10 per cent of the business to be sold."
"The fact that we're now at the point where we have to make a decision about whether or not we want to do this is really disappointing."
"\"I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do next, but I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do,\" he said."
"The biggest change in the way we play and the way we play in this game is that we're more focused on the game."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"The new rules will be implemented in 2018, and the company will be required to pay a $ 5. 5 million fine to the U. S. government."
"The Government is already investigating allegations of corruption and has made a number of changes to the law to ensure it does not allow the practice to continue."
"The pair were also found guilty of two counts of rape and one count of sexual activity with a child."
"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to be going to a party like this again."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the bill secret until the end of the year, and that it will not be able to keep the bill secret for another year."
"\"It's not like you can't do it,\" he said, adding that he was not surprised by the decision."
"The decision to leave the EU was made by a majority of MPs, with the majority of MPs voting to remain in the EU, and the majority voting to leave the EU."
"\"It's not a question of whether or not we're going to be able to do that, but we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing that we can do is to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the answer is, but I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not going to be in the position where I'm not in the position where I'm not in the conversation,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 6 per share, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 7. 32 a barrel in New York."
"I'm not sure if I can say this for sure but I feel like I'm in a good place right now."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a young man on your team,\" he said."
"I've been working on this for a long time, and it's been really fun."
"\"I'm not saying it's not a good thing to be in a relationship, but I'm saying it's a bad thing for the relationship,\" she said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 6 percent on Thursday, and its shares have fallen as much as 9 percent in the past year."
"The first two games of the season are crucial for the league, as they are the only games of the season when you are not playing for a cup final."
"He said: \"It's a huge honour to be involved in this project and I'm looking forward to working with the team."
"\"We have a lot of people that are on the fence about what the future holds, and I think it's a good thing to have a conversation with them,\" he said."
"The number of people who are currently homeless has increased by more than half since the housing crisis began, the report said."
"I've been in a lot of different situations, but I've never been a guy who's going to be in a position where he's going to be able to do it."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a second child, but I do know that I have to be careful."
"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do it alone."
"It's a good thing that we've got the best players in the world and we're going to be able to win games."
"\"It's a little bit different to what you'd expect, but we're still a big club,\" he said."
"I've been working on this for a long time, and I've been in the same position for a long time, and I've got to be very careful."
"The man's family, however, said he was not injured and had not been seen since."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people who are doing this work and I'm not going to sit back and let them do it,\" he said."
"The government has been accused of failing to take into account the risks of using the system to protect the environment."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased from 6, 000 in 2014 to 7, 500 in 2015."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to go out and do something that's not going to be successful,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of the morning and was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries."
"\"I'm not going to go into the details of what happened and I don't want to go into the details of what happened,\" he said."
"It is not clear how many people were injured, but at least one person was taken to hospital in critical condition."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but I'm very happy with the way it's going."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was \"deeply concerned \"by the news of the report."
"\"I don't know what it is, but I'm going to be in a very, very bad place,\" he said."
"The only thing that's going to stop him is the people that are going to be watching him."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent in the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"The first time I went to the club, I was the only one there and I was the only one who didn't want to be there."
"\"We are going to have to make a decision on whether we want to continue the sanctions,\" he said."
"It's not like I'm saying it's going to be a one- off, but I'm saying it's going to be a one- off."
"\"I'm a big fan of the idea that the world needs to be better and better equipped to deal with the challenges that come with being a woman,\" she said."
"The police said they were investigating the incident but did not say how many people were injured."
"I'm not going to lie, I was very surprised when I saw it on the news, but it was a really nice piece."
"I don't know what it is, I'm not sure what it is, but it's a big deal."
"The U. S. is also sending troops to Iraq to help with the fight against the Islamic State group, the defense secretary said."
"It's a very good team and we're going to be playing a lot of football and I'm looking forward to it."
"\"I think it is a very important moment in the history of the country,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a referendum on whether to remain in the EU."
"\"I've been here for a long time, I've played for a long time, I've been here for a long time,\" he said."
"The fact that he's been able to do that, I think, is a sign that he's got a real shot."
"The report said the number of people who had died in the past year was the highest since the government began the process of leaving the EU in June."
"It's a great opportunity to get a bit of time off and get a bit of practice with the guys that are on the team."
"\"It's a very important day for us and I'm really proud of the way we've played,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I've been very lucky to be here and I'm very grateful for the support I've received."
"The new rules, which are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks, will be introduced by the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the European Commission's executive board."
"\"I was going to say it's not the same as the other guys, but it's not the same as the other guys,\" he said."
"The decision to leave the EU is not a decision that will be taken by the British government, it is a decision that is taken by the British people."
"\"We've got to be able to get out of the way, and we've got to be able to take care of the ball,\" he said."
"It's a huge opportunity for us to play in a big game and we have to make sure we're ready for that."
"The last time I went to the shop, I was told that I would have to pay \u00a3 500 for a ticket to the show."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but we're going to keep working together,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department has said the U. S. has no intention of sending troops to Syria to fight the Islamic State."
"The problem is that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not the ones who are making decisions about the future of our NHS."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The president- elect has repeatedly said he would like to see a ban on Muslims entering the U. S., but he has not said what he would do if the ban were to be lifted."
"It's a big game, and it's a big game for me, but I'm not going to give up."
"It's a good thing for us to get the win and we're going to be looking forward to that."
"The decision to use the term \"sustainable \"is not a new one, but it's a reminder that the industry is not just about the future."
"\"I'm a bit disappointed with the way we've played and I'm disappointed with the way we've played,\" he said."
"It is the first time in the history of the game that a team has won a game by more than 10 points in a season."
"The number of people who have died from heart disease in the past year has been on the rise, according to a new report."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, but I think it's a good thing."
"The first thing I want to tell you is that I am not going to be running for president."
"I think it's important for the club to be able to go out and play and play well and we're going to do that."
"\"I've got to be careful about what I say, and I have to be careful about what I say to my fans,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent on Tuesday, their biggest day since the company's stock price closed at $ 30. 30 a share in late August."
"The company said it was not able to confirm the number of people affected by the breach, but said it was working to identify those affected."
"The average age of the people who live in the area is just over 70, and the average household income is about $ 50, 000."
"\"I don't know if I would have made it if I didn't have a good relationship with the President,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet its target of $ 1. 5 billion per year for the next five years."
"The company's shares rose 0. 9 per cent to $ 17. 46 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company reported its first- quarter loss in more than a decade."
"I'm not sure what it is, but I'm pretty sure it's a big deal."
"It's a very small group and I think it's important to remember that the majority of people don't have access to that information."
"The three- year- old was taken to the hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"The move comes after the UK's first female prime minister, Theresa May, said she would \"love to see \"Brexit happen."
"\"I think it's important to have a plan in place to make sure that we're not going to have a crisis,\" he said."
"I've been here for 10 years, and I'm not even a big fan of the idea of a single person."
"I'm sure the guys in the team will be very happy and we're going to be in a very good position to win the game."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with a heart attack has increased by nearly 10 per cent in the past decade, according to the World Health Organization."
"The group's board has not yet decided whether to hold a formal meeting, but the company said it is considering a public offering."
"\"We are not going to give up on the game, we are going to do everything we can to win,\" he said."
"The fact that he has been able to do that for a while, he's a very good player."
"The report said the UK's trade deficit with the EU was about 2. 5 per cent of gross domestic product."
"I'm a bit of a big fan of the idea of a free agent, but I'm not sure that's the best way to do it."
"The report also said the number of people aged over 65 who had been diagnosed with cancer had increased by more than 40 per cent in the last five years."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"\"I was a bit disappointed to see the numbers go up, but I'm going to be a bit more patient,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that I'm not going to be able to do the things that I want to do."
"I don't know what he's going to do, but I'm going to keep working hard and I'm going to be ready for him."
"I don't think it's going to be a problem for him, but it's going to be a problem for the rest of us."
"The man, who is not being named, was arrested and charged with possession of a weapon in a public place."
"It's a very different game from the one we played last year and we've got to be better at that."
"The company said it was not aware of any other cases of people being charged with theft from the site."
"The man was not injured in the incident, and police said he was not a threat to the public."
"I don't know if it's the right time for us, but we're going to have to do it."
"\"I've never had a problem with the police, I've never had a problem with the police, I've never had a problem with the police,\" he said."
"\"We are a very small group, and we have a lot of people who are not in the same boat,\" he said."
"The new study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the number of people who reported being sexually assaulted in the past year had dropped by about 60 percent."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the fact that he's got a lot of respect for the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 0. 4 per cent to $ 11. 23 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 9 per cent."
"\"I think it's a great idea, but I don't think it's the right way to do it,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I'm not going to say it's impossible,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it without a lot of help from the community,\" he said."
"It's a great place to be, it's a great place to be, and I'm proud to be here."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people who have been here for so many years,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're having a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is that we are in a very bad situation, and we have to be very careful."
"The first of the four children to be born in the UK is to be born in the UK in March, but the second will be born in the US in March."
"I don't want to be in a situation where I'm not going to be able to play and I don't want to be in a situation where I'm not going to be able to play."
"I'm not going to go into the game thinking I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm going to try and get the ball into the right place."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing you need to do is to be aware of the fact that you are in the same boat as everyone else."
"The move comes as the government is preparing to introduce a new law to allow people to stay in the country for up to two years without being charged with a crime."
"He's a very good player, he's got a lot of experience, he's got a lot of experience and he's got a lot of experience in the Premier League."
"\"I think it's important to make sure we get the right people in the right places,\" he said."
"The Australian dollar has lost about 1 per cent against the euro since the Brexit vote, and is now down 0. 5 per cent against the dollar."
"The study found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease increased from 1. 1 million in 2011 to 2. 3 million in 2015."
"The man was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for minor injuries and released."
"The company's shares were trading at $ 1. 50 on Thursday, down $ 3. 15 from a week ago."
"The new rules, which were announced on Thursday, will apply to all EU citizens who are at least 18 years old, regardless of whether they are in the UK."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but they will not apply to the full- year 2015 / 16."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the people who are going to be affected by the changes to the system to be able to make a decision,\" he said."
"He said he had been in contact with the woman and that she had been in a relationship with him for a number of years."
"\"I think it's a shame that we didn't have the chance to win it,\" he said."
"I think it's a bit of a shame that he's gone, because he's a good player, and he's a good player."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be in favor of a \"political solution \"to the crisis."
"The men were arrested in connection with the attack on a police station in the city on Thursday, the prosecutor's office said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to leave the club until the end of the season."
"It's not a question of whether you're going to win or lose, but whether you're going to be able to do it."
"\"We have to be prepared for the next game, and we have to be prepared for the next game against a team that is a good team,\" he said."
"The first thing we do is we ask ourselves what we are doing and what we are not doing."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for the project,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"more diverse \"of the city."
"The government has not yet decided whether to introduce a ban on the sale of alcohol in shops, but it is expected to be ready for a vote in parliament."
"The same is true for the rest of the world, where the global economy is growing at a rate of about 1. 5 per cent per year."
"I don't think there's a better way to do it than by making the most of it."
"It's a great way to go, but I'm not sure I'll be able to do it in the next couple of years."
"\"It's a big step up for us, but we're still young and we're going to have to learn to play better,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how many people are going to be able to get a copy of it,\" he said."
"The second was that the U. S. would not be able to provide the needed support for the Syrian regime, which is not a member of the U. N. Security Council."
"\"I was just trying to keep my head down and just keep going with it,\" he said."
"The government is also facing criticism over its handling of the migrant crisis, which has led to a surge in the number of asylum seekers."
"\"I have to say, I'm not surprised by the fact that the people of the United States are voting for Donald Trump,\" he said."
"The survey also found that more than half of the people who said they were \"very \"or \"somewhat \"interested in the election were women."
"I think the best way to do that is to make sure that you're not just going to be doing it for a few months."
"The new rules will be introduced at a meeting of the European Parliament's executive committee on Wednesday, the day before the referendum."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a better person, or because I'm a better person is it because I'm a better person?"
"\"We are not going to be able to continue to invest in our industry if we don't have the support of the Scottish Government,\" he said."
"The new rule is expected to be implemented by mid- 2017, and the government has already announced it will not be making any changes to the system."
"The president's visit comes as the US and Russia are working on a ceasefire in Syria, which is being held by the opposition."
"The first of the two, which will be held in January, will be held at the same time as the second and third events."
"The paper said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision to cut the number of hours worked by its staff."
"The fact that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has dropped is a sign that we are seeing a real change in the way we treat people."
"\"We have a lot of young people coming in, and they're coming from all over the country,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a big deal, but it's a big deal for us."
"It's a very different game, but we're a team that's going to play good football and we're going to win games."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's going to be in place for a long time,\" he said."
"I'm not going to give up on the game, I'm going to play the way I can, and I'm going to play my best football."
"\"We're going to make sure that we don't have a situation where we're going to have to do something to make sure we're not going to have to do something to make sure we're not going to have to do something to"
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a very good idea."
"The report, which was published in the UK's leading scientific journal, was published in the British Medical Journal on Thursday."
"\"I'm not going to be able to go to the Olympics because of my injury,\" he said."
"I think it's a very good thing for the club, for the fans and for the fans to be able to see what's going on."
"I've got to be able to get out there and play my best football, and I'm not going to be able to do that."
"He said: \"I have a lot of friends who are in the same boat as me, and I am not alone."
"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to say it's a bad idea."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, and that it would be able to expand its business in the next few years."
"The problem with this is that the problem with the most recent version of the software is that it is not available for free."
"\"I don't know if it's a big deal, but it's a big deal,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what I would do if I were a woman, but I'd be very grateful."
"The two- year- old was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"It's not just the people who are affected by the changes that are being made, but the people who are not affected by the changes."
"The woman's husband, a retired police officer, was also injured in the attack and is being treated in a hospital."
"The company's shares were down 2. 6 per cent at $ 2. 28 in morning trading on Thursday."
"It's a good thing that I'm in the top 10, but I'm not a top 10 player."
"The company said the new technology will allow it to do more with less fuel, and it hopes to be able to sell more vehicles in the future."
"\"It is not a matter of when, not if, but what is the best way to get the best possible deal,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to vote for Donald Trump, but I'm going to vote for Hillary Clinton,\" he said."
"The group's shares were down 2. 4 per cent at $ 28. 14 on Thursday, and were down 2. 3 per cent at $ 28. 17 on Thursday."
"The first thing we did was to get a good look at the footage and to make sure it was right for the fans."
"The question is, how do you make sure you're not putting your own life at risk by using a product that's not available in stores?"
"I think it's going to be a tough game for us, but we've got to be ready to go."
"I've got to keep my head down and I'm not going to be able to do that this year."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a strong team and a strong squad,\" he said."
"The study found that the average age of the women was 37, while the men were 45."
"I am not a fan of the idea of a single- handed, single- handed attack, which is what we've got to do."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but we'll see."
"I've got a lot of work to do and it's not going to be easy, but I'm just going to keep working hard and I'm going to be OK."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the club."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a single mum, but I'm not going to give up on it."
"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this again and we have to get this done."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion from investors and had $ 1. 6 billion in cash on hand."
"The pair were on the road for a meeting on the importance of the EU referendum and were in the car for a meeting on the EU referendum."
"\"I think the most important thing for me is to get to the finish line,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that with the current system,\" he said."
"The first thing I would do is to ask my staff what they think of the comments I've made."
"I have to say I am very proud of the work that he has done over the years, and I am very proud of what he has done for the club."
"It is a great honour to have been part of a team that has been so successful for so many years."
"The government has also said it will not be able to offer a free pass to those who are not citizens of the EU."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 4 billion in funding from investors and had already raised $ 2. 9 billion from private investors."
"The first thing I did was to ask him to do a photo shoot for me, and he said he'd like to do it for me."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I don't know if I've ever seen a woman in a white dress,\" he says, pointing at her."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not happy with the way the game is played,\" he said."
"The company's share price has fallen from $ 14. 53 to $ 14. 60 since the news broke."
"\"It's a very emotional time, and I think it's going to be a very difficult time for the whole of the country,\" she said."
"I've been in the industry for a long time, and I've always felt that there was a lack of diversity."
"It is not the first time the government has been criticised for its handling of the issue, but it is the first time the government has been accused of being too soft on crime."
"\"It's not like we're going to be doing anything about it,\" he said."
"The president- elect's transition team has said that the transition team has been working with the Trump transition team on the transition."
"\"We are not going to be able to make the same mistakes as we did last year,\" he said."
"The former Labour leader said: \"I am not a politician, I'm a human being, and I'm not going to sit in the back of a car and say I'm not going to vote."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are now in custody on suspicion of attempted murder."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it on our own,\" he said, adding that he was not sure what he would do with the money."
"The first thing you do when you're in a relationship is to tell yourself it's OK."
"\"We are not going to have the same level of support from the public that we have from the private sector,\" he said."
"The U. S. and Russia have been at odds over Syria since the Syrian government began a campaign to drive out rebels."
"I don't know what they're going to do, but they're going to try to get it out of me."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" and then be able to say, \"OK, I'm going to do this."
"The U. S. government is also concerned about the possibility that the Russian government may have helped the Syrian government in its campaign against opposition groups."
"The company said it had raised \u00a3 3. 5 million from investors, including a group led by former Tory MP David Cameron."
"\"I think the first thing that you have to do is look at what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The study was funded by the National Institute for Health Research, the University of Edinburgh, the University of Glasgow, the University of Edinburgh, the University of Aberdeen and the University of Edinburgh."
"I've been playing the game for so long, I've been playing it for so long that I don't know what to say."
"The problem is that there are so many people who are not aware of the situation and who are not even aware of the consequences of the actions of the police."
"The data also showed that the number of people who have been diagnosed with depression rose by more than half in the past year."
"\"I don't want to say that I'm a bad person, but I'm not a bad person,\" he told the BBC."
"The company said it expects to report revenue of $ 1. 6 billion in the second quarter of 2016, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The two- year- old was found dead in his bedroom on Saturday, the police said, adding that the boy's father was not injured."
"The government has also said it will seek to increase the number of people who can apply for asylum in the country."
"The group said it was not clear what the exact number of people affected by the virus was, but the number of people infected with the virus was not known."
"The report said the government had not yet decided whether to introduce the legislation, which is likely to be approved by the Senate on Thursday."
"The last time I saw him was in the final of the 2011 Australian Open, and he was the only player to win that."
"\"It's a great opportunity to show off your skills and to show off your skills in the most competitive environment,\" he said."
"The fact that it's a public school, and it's a public school, is a public school, and I think that's a good thing."
"\"I think it's a good thing for us to get the ball out of our hands and give them some space,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to get too caught up in the details of what happened, but I do want to make sure I'm not going to get caught up in the details of what happened,\" he said."
"The Republican nominee has said he will not seek re- election in 2020 and has said he would not seek re- election in the general election if he were to lose the White House."
"The government has said it will not raise the minimum wage, which is already at the lowest level since the 1970s."
"The other thing I would like to say to the people who are going to be watching this is, if you don't like Donald Trump, you can vote for him."
"\"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do what I'm going to do,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him, I was like, \"This is the first time I've seen him in a movie."
"I think it's a shame that he's not able to play, but he's got a lot of work to do."
"\"We have to be prepared for the worst and we have to be prepared for the best,\" he said."
"The fact that the U. S. and Russia are in a war is not a surprise, but the U. S. has been in Syria since at least 2014."
"\"We are going to be a very different team than we were last year,\" he said."
"It's a really good thing to have a good team, because if they don't win, then they're going to lose."
"\"I think the best thing for us is to go out there and play our game, and that's what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The family of a man who died after being hit by a car on a busy road in Glasgow have called for a public inquiry."
"I've got a lot of good players in the squad and it's going to be a tough game for us."
"The new study also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition has increased by 10 per cent over the last five years."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will apply to all new vehicles, regardless of their age."
"The government has promised to increase the number of asylum seekers from the Middle East and Africa, but has not done so in a way that will help them reach the country."
"He said: \"I don't think it's fair to say that the BBC is the only institution in Britain that is not a member of the European Union."
"I don't want to be the one who says we're not going to win, but I think we're going to win."
"The two men, who have not been named, were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and are being held in a police station."
"It was a tough decision, but I think the best thing for me was that I got to play in the first game and I'm happy with that."
"I've never been in a situation where I had to go through that and I just had to do it."
"I've got a lot of friends who are in the same boat, and they're all in the same boat."
"The company said it would continue to work with the government to address the issue, but said it would not be able to do so without the approval of the government."
"He said: \"It was a very emotional day for me, as I was in the hospital for a long period of time."
"\"We are working with the police and the health service to try and get the person who was injured to hospital,\" he said."
"The move comes after the EU's top court ruled in June that Britain's EU membership would not be affected by the UK's exit from the bloc."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very disappointed that we didn't get the chance to play at home."
"It's not just the money that matters ; it's the people who care about the people who are affected."
"He said: \"I'm not sure that it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to be surprised if it's not."
"The new rules, which were introduced last year, will apply to all drivers who have a licence in the UK, regardless of where they are driving."
"The government is also trying to push the sale of oil to Saudi Arabia, a key ally in the war against the Islamic State."
"The man's wife was also killed in the attack and his two children were also injured in the attack."
"\"I was worried about what I was going to do, and I didn't know what to do,\" he said."
"It's a very tough thing to do, but I don't think it's going to be a problem for me."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has been increasing, and we have to be prepared to deal with them."
"The fact that he's not even a member of the party, he's not even a member of the party."
"He was a very good player and I think he's got a lot of potential, but I don't think he's a player for the future."
"The company's stock rose 2. 5 percent to $ 11. 17, or $ 9. 18, after the news broke."
"\"It's not a matter of whether you're a Republican or Democrat,\" he said, \"but whether you're a Democrat or Republican and you vote for Trump."
"It's a big step for us, but we're going to continue to work hard and we're going to win games."
"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm sure he's got a lot of work to do."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to consider the impact on the NHS of the cost of the drug, which is expected to be around \u00a3 2 billion a year."
"It is a question of how much longer we can hold on to the legacy of the great men and women of our country."
"The latest figures show the number of people aged over 65 has increased by 1. 6 million since the end of last year."
"\"The fact that we have the opportunity to do this, and the money to do it, is a huge boost to the economy,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"The poll also found that a majority of voters said they would be more likely to vote for a third party candidate if they could."
"The next day, the FBI announced that it had found no evidence to support the theory that the Trump campaign had been hacking into the Democratic National Committee."
"\"We've got to be very careful, because we're going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we do,\" he said."
"It is not clear what the government will do next, but it is expected to announce a new tax system, tax cuts and a new tax system for companies."
"I think it's a really good thing for the people of the UK and for the country that we're here."
"The paper says that the government has to show that it is in the best interests of the UK to remain in the EU."
"He's a good player and I think he's got a good chance to be a big part of this team."
"The researchers found that the most common type of cancer in the U. S. is type 1, which is the most common form of the disease."
"The president- elect has also said he would prefer to see the U. S. be a member of the European Union."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of its ongoing investigation into the incident and that it would continue to monitor the situation."
"I think it's important that we have a system in place that allows for the right of all people to have access to the information they need."
"The Scottish government is committed to making Scotland's roads safer and more efficient, and is committed to investing in the development of the roads and infrastructure that will make the country's roads safer."
"The U. S. State Department said it would review the situation and if necessary, take action to end it."
"The man's wife, who was also at the hotel, told the court she was \"very upset \"about the incident."
"The idea of a \"new \"Brexit is not new to the UK, but it is the latest in a long line of proposals that have been put forward by the government."
"The government has said it will not raise taxes on the rich, but that will be done by the middle class."
"\"I don't think that's a bad thing, I'm just saying that I don't think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The fact that he is now in the prime minister's office means there is no doubt that he will be a significant influence on the Brexit process."
"The question is whether the government will be able to deliver on its promises, given the uncertainty of the referendum result."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the people who are going to be affected by it."
"He said: \"I don't think it's fair to say that the only thing that matters is the quality of the product."
"It's not like we have to go through the same process, we can just go through it and see what happens."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a debate about it, but I think it's a good idea,\" she said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a discussion about it,\" he said."
"The fact that we have a female president is a sign that the country is moving in the right direction,\" she said."
"The two- year- old was found dead in the same house on the same day, police said."
"It is not clear if the woman was the one who had been stabbed, or if she was the one who had been injured."
"The company's shares rose 0. 7 per cent to $ 25. 17 on Wednesday, their highest since the company's shares were trading at $ 25. 17 on Wednesday."
"\"I have a lot of friends that are in the business and they have been in the business for a long time,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not make a decision until after the next election, and that it will not be able to give a final opinion until after the next general election."
"\"I'm not going to go into it with a negative, because I'm not going to go into it with a positive,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 5. 18, or $ 1. 17, after the announcement."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very proud of what we did."
"The former England international has been linked with moves to the Premier League, but is not keen on a move to the Premier League."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who have been elected are the people who are going to make a difference,\" he said."
"The company's stock rose 2. 7 per cent to $ 1. 26, the highest level since the company's first quarter of 2014."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to take care of you,\" \"he said."
"\"I have a feeling that the people who are going to be in the White House are going to be people who are going to be in the White House for a long time,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing ISIS for years, but it has never been able to defeat the group's main rival."
"The company's shares fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading on Monday."
"The government's official position is that the government has to be able to handle the situation in the country and that's what we have to do."
"The company's shares fell 1. 7 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their lowest level since the company's stock was trading at $ 1. 18 on Thursday."
"The woman's husband, who was also in the car, was not injured and the woman's two children were not injured."
"The state's attorney general's office said it was investigating the incident and would be filing a civil rights complaint."
"I don't know if it's because I'm not a professional or it's just that I'm not a professional."
"He was a very good player and I think he's a very good player in the team and I think he's got a lot of work to do."
"The company said it was looking at a range of options, including a \"soft landing \"for the project, which is expected to cost $ 1 billion."
"\"It's not a matter of if, but when, but how much,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important for the club to be able to get the right kind of players for us,\" he said."
"The government's position is that it will not be able to get a deal done in the next five years."
"\"I don't want to say that it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the government,\" he said."
"\"We have to be able to move our game to the next level and that's what we're doing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The new rule, which was introduced last year, will apply to all drivers who are over the age of 21."
"\"I think it's important for the club to know that this is not the end of the road,\" he said."
"The video was posted to YouTube on Wednesday and has since been viewed more than 2. 5 million times."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting has risen to more than 10, 000, the UN says."
"\"I'm not sure how you can put a price on it, but I'd like to see it in the range of $ 100,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be the only one who's going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for the country to know what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" she said."
"\"I don't know if it's a bad thing to be a little bit more conservative,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea or not,\" he told the BBC's Today programme."
"The only thing that matters is that you get to know him, and I'm sure he'll be a great ambassador for the club."
"I think the reason why we're seeing this is because of the way we're dealing with the issue of immigration."
"\"We are going to have to do a lot of things to get our kids to be able to play in the NFL,\" he said."
"The study also found that women who had a lifetime of sex drive were more likely to have a child."
"The US has been the main supporter of the Syrian government, which has been fighting alongside Russia in the conflict."
"It's a very different experience than when you're playing in front of a big crowd and you're not sure what's going to happen."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged 65 and over who have been able to access a free online course has increased by more than 50% since 2014."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised rates again on Wednesday."
"The team's head coach has been in the same position since he took over in January, and the team is still trying to find a way to win games."
"The idea is to make it so that when you're on the phone, you can't hear anything, and you can't see anything."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money to pay for the new health system if it is unable to meet demand."
"The couple's two children, aged six and eight, were also taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"I was in a bad place and I was trying to get out of it, but I was able to make it back to the hotel."
"\"I think it's important to make sure we have a plan in place to make sure that we have the resources to do it,\" he said."
"The number of people who are using the service has risen from just over one million in 2014 to more than three million in 2015."
"\"It's a very hard thing to do, but I'm happy with the results,\" he said."
"\"We are going to do everything we can to keep them safe and secure,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I don't want to be in the position where I'm not in the conversation,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do this without the support of the community,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I want to be in a position where I'm not going to be able to play,\" he said."
"\"It's a big game, but we're not going to be the same team,\" he said."
"\"We are going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we say about the future of the game,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state has been critical of the U. S. for its support for Assad's government in the fight against the Islamic State group."
"It's a great way to get into the game, and it's a great way to get into the game at the right time."
"The fact that we're still in the middle of the season, it's a massive achievement."
"The U. S. State Department has said it has no evidence that Russia's actions were responsible for the attacks."
"\"We have to make sure that we have a strong economy, that we have a strong infrastructure, that we have a strong economy, that we have a strong economy in the Middle East,\" he said."
"It's a good thing to be able to see the whole team, to be able to see the whole team, and to be able to be able to be able to see the whole team in the dressing room."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are being held on a charge of attempted murder."
"The only thing I can say is that I have never had a problem with the way he has played."
"It's a big game and I think we're going to have a big game, but we're going to have to win it."
"It is a great honour to be part of this team and I am very proud to have been part of this squad."
"The first thing I would ask is that you, as a person, you understand that it's a very important thing to be able to do."
"\"I'm not going to say what the outcome is going to be, but I'm going to try to get the ball rolling,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to go out there and play and be ready for the game."
"\"I've got a lot of friends who are in the business, and I've got a lot of people who are not in the business,\" he said."
"The team is now looking at the possibility of a full- time role in the future, with a focus on the current season."
"The idea of a \"Trump- style \"Trump is not the only candidate to have a negative impact on the economy."
"\"I think the more we understand what the problem is, the better we can get at it,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"He's a great guy to have around and he's a great guy to have around the team, but I think we've got to do a better job of playing him."
"The group has been in talks with the European Commission, the European Commission, and the European Central Bank since last summer, but has not yet agreed a final deal."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised when I saw the video,\" he said."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to help them, but we're not going to give them a free ride,\" he said."
"The man, who has not been named, is understood to be a resident of the area, and has been taken to a hospital in stable condition."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very important thing to do."
"The new rules will be introduced in the next few weeks and will be introduced in the UK in the autumn of 2017."
"I think that's what I'm going to do, and I'll be working on it and I'll be ready to go."
"\"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to go and do it,\" he said."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players, but I don't like to see them doing anything that is not right,\" he said."
"The company said it would not be able to keep its stock price at $ 1. 21 per share, which is below the $ 1. 21 price it had been trading at for the past few weeks."
"\"I'm not sure I can go out and play like that, but I'm ready to play,\" he said."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of possession of a weapon and was released on bail."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 2. 18, while its shares fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 2. 18."
"The president- elect's transition team has not yet released any details about the president- elect's plans for the transition."
"The report also found that the number of people who have lost their jobs or are in a job loss recovery program have increased by about 1. 5 million."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work that's being done, and the quality of the people who are working there."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating a string of alleged sexual misconduct allegations against a former New York City police officer."
"It's a big game, and I've been a part of it since I was a kid, so I'm going to be a part of it."
"The group said it was not aware of any other cases where the victim had been killed in the past year."
"\"I don't know what the hell happened to him, but I'm going to go out there and fight for him,\" he said."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I've been in a situation where I was not in a position to make a decision,\" he said."
"I've got to be careful, because I know that if I do something wrong, I'll be fined."
"He said: \"The way we've been playing is really good, we've got a lot of quality players and we've got a lot of good players in the squad."
"The woman was taken to a hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, but her injuries were not life- threatening."
"\"I was like, \"What is this? \"I said, \"You know what?"
"The study also found that the majority of people who had a family history of depression were women, and that women were more likely to be diagnosed with depression."
"It's a good thing, because if you're going to be a good player, you have to be able to play in the right way."
"It's a really good thing for the game, but it's also a good thing for the team and the fans."
"It is a massive task for the government to get the legislation through parliament and I think we will be in a position where we have to be very careful about it."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" she said, adding that she did not expect to see a significant increase in the number of people using the service."
"The problem is that the majority of people who are in the business of investing in the future will be in the business of investing in the past."
"The official said that the government would not be able to guarantee the safety of the children, who are already in the care of the police."
"The man's body was found in the back garden of a home in the city, which is about two miles from the crash site."
"The government has said it will not take any action until the investigation is complete, and that it will not take any action until the investigation is complete."
"\"We are going to have a very, very tough fight, and I think we're going to have a very, very tough fight,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission since last year, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"I'm not sure how long it will take, but it's a long time to get to the point where you can actually see the difference."
"I'm not sure if he's a good player, but if he's not, then I don't think we'll be in a position to make a decision."
"I think it's a very good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business and the people who are not in the business."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we have to keep in mind that we are a team that needs to win games,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to do this, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what's going on with him but I've got to be honest with you, he's not the guy I want to be around,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has been in a very difficult position, and I think that's why we need to make sure that we do everything we can to help him."
"\"I don't think there is any reason why the government should have to pay for this,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a referendum, but I think it's better to have a referendum in a country where there is a referendum."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to look at the big picture and see what we need to do to improve the team,\" he said."
"The group's new president, Donald Trump, has said he will not accept the results of the election."
"\"I don't know what it is but I've got a feeling it's going to be a lot better than what we're used to,\" he said."
"I think we're going to have to get rid of the old system and we're going to have to do it in a different way."
"The two- year- old was taken to hospital in a serious condition after being struck by a car in the city centre."
"I was a little bit nervous, but I didn't want to be in the middle of it and I didn't want to be in the middle of it."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the military who are not in the military, and I think that's a problem,\" he said."
"The government has not said how many people will be affected, but the number of people who will be affected is likely to be much higher."
"The UK government has said it will continue to work with the EU on the issue of access to the single market."
"He said: \"I don't know what the reaction is from the public, but I've got a feeling that they're going to be very angry."
"He is a very good player and we are very happy to have him back but he has to be ready to go."
"The two men are believed to have been involved in a car crash on the road when the vehicle crashed into the road and killed a man."
"The first thing that comes to mind is that they're going to be a big part of the team, and that's going to be the biggest thing."
"The US has been a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, and has been in the process of building a nuclear- armed missile system."
"The only thing that's going to change is the fact that I'm going to be a Democrat."
"\"I have been told that I can't go to the Olympics,\" he said, \"but I will be here."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the way they played, but I don't think they are the type of team that we want to be in,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"The U. S. has said it will not take part in the talks and has said it is willing to work with Russia."
"The new rules are likely to be rolled out in the coming months, but the company has not yet announced the date."
"\"We're going to have to do a better job of protecting the integrity of the system,\" he said."
"\"I was just trying to get the ball rolling, and I was just trying to get the ball rolling and I was just trying to get the ball rolling,\" he said."
"He's been in the news a lot, but he's been in the news a lot more than that, and I think it's a shame."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say what you want to say, and to be able to say what you want to say in a way that is consistent with what you're trying to say,\" she says."
"The next time you go to the supermarket and you see a bottle of wine, you'll probably be a little surprised."
"The first thing I would do is to get a lot of people to come and see me, and then I would go to the second floor and do some research."
"\"I think we need to be able to go out and do what we're doing,\" he said."
"The same is true of the EU, which has not yet made a formal offer to Britain to join the bloc."
"\"I'm not sure what the government is going to do, but I'm going to be very careful,\" he said."
"The problem is, the problem is that the way the president- elect has been treated by the media is a problem."
"\"We've got a very good squad and I'm sure we'll be able to get a lot of players in,\" he said."
"I think it's important to be able to talk to people who are in the same boat as me, because I know what they are going through."
"The United States is not a member of the European Union, and it is not yet a member of the European Union- and it is not yet a member of the European Union- that is what we are doing."
"\"We're going to make a deal, we're going to make a deal,\" he said, adding that the two sides were still negotiating on a \"very good \"approach."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it without the support of the community,\" he said."
"The former prime minister said he would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK voted to leave the EU, adding: \"It's a question of when."
"The UK's foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, said the UK would not be able to keep its own borders open for migrants."
"The company's shares rose by 1. 6 per cent to $ 30. 17 in morning trading on Wednesday."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the industry, and we have a lot of people who have been in the industry for a long time,\" he said."
"The study also found that the more people who have been exposed to a drug in the past year, the more likely they were to develop a drug- related illness."
"It was a very difficult decision, but I'm happy to be back and I'm very proud of the team and the players."
"It's a good thing to have a strong team, especially when you're playing against a team that's going to be playing well."
"The report said that in the past year, the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than half."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to have a conversation about this issue,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 0. 4 per cent at $ 28. 21 in afternoon trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"The researchers found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease had increased by more than 30 per cent over the past five years."
"\"We've got to be very careful with what we say and what we say in the dressing room,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how many of them will come out, but I'm sure there will be a lot of them,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work, the quality of the people that work in the field."
"The company's shares rose 0. 9 per cent to $ 17. 44 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 0. 3 per cent in October."
"The new rules will come into force on 1 January 2017, but the company has already said it will not be taking any further action."
"\"I'm not going to be a guy who is going to say anything to anybody,\" he said."
"It's a very, very good thing for the people of New York City, especially those who live in the city."
"\"I was just really disappointed, I think it was a bit of a shock,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to have a government that is going to give us a free pass,\" he said."
"The government has said it is working to improve the quality of life for people in the region and has pledged to increase the number of people who are eligible for free school meals."
"I don't think it's going to be the same as it was before, but it's going to be a different kind of game."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say, because we don't want to be seen as being racist,\" he said."
"\"I have no idea what the next four years will be like, but I'm excited,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell nearly 10 per cent to $ 1. 28 on Thursday, their lowest level since late September."
"I think it's a good thing to have someone who's been in the game for a long time and who's been in the game for a long time."
"The move is expected to boost the number of people who can afford to pay the full price of a home in England, Wales and Northern Ireland."
"\"I'm not sure how we're going to get the money back, but I'm going to try and get it back,\" he said."
"The first thing I would do is to tell him I was going to be there to support him, and I would do that."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that he's gone and I think he's got a lot of potential,\" said the former Republican governor."
"The man, who is believed to be in his late 20s, has been charged with murder and is being held in custody."
"The company has also said it will work with the government on a new contract for the next six months, which will be announced on Thursday."
"I don't know what he's going to say, but I'm going to say it anyway."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 2 per cent in October."
"I don't think that's a bad thing, but it's not the same as saying we're going to give up the game."
"The government's plan to make the most of the cuts to the public finances is a key part of its plan to tackle the deficit."
"The only way to stop them is to make sure they're not going to be able to get into our schools."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say we're not going to do something that will help the economy,\" he said."
"The company said it would also be offering a free trial of the app to its customers, but it would not say how much it would charge for that."
"The first time I saw him, he was a bit older than me, so it was a bit of a shock to see him."
"I'm not sure how to describe it, but it's a really good game, so I'm really excited."
"It is a huge challenge, but we are in a position to make a difference and we have to do it in a way that is appropriate."
"I have a lot of respect for the people who have been here for a long time, and I'm not going to change who I am."
"The company said it was \"extremely pleased \"by the ruling, which it said would help boost its bottom line."
"The report said the UK's \"very high \"rating was due to be introduced in 2018, with the government's own plans to introduce it in 2019."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the police have been completely out of touch with what's going on,\" she said."
"I've been to the same places twice, and I've never seen anything like this."
"The new rules are being introduced after the UK's first major anti- doping investigation into the sport in more than a decade."
"It's a good thing that we're not in a position to do it in the next couple of years."
"The United States has been the main supporter of Syrian President Bashar al- Assad, but the Syrian government has been accused of war crimes."
"\"I've been in the business for 10 years and I've never seen a better opportunity to do this,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing if you're a good player."
"I think we're going to see a lot of people who don't have a lot of money coming into the game."
"The report said the government had failed to take action to address the issue of child abuse in the workplace, and the government had failed to address the issue of the lack of support for victims."
"The first thing you need to do is to get out there and play the game, and that's what I did."
"He's been a really good player, he's been a really good player for us and we're looking forward to him."
"\"I don't know if they're going to be able to do it, but I think it's going to be a great opportunity for us to get the best players in the world,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, and it plans to raise $ 2. 6 billion in the second quarter."
"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are going to be in the White House are going to be the people who are going to be in the White House."
"\"I've got to get my head around it and I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"I think the people who are going to be in charge of the economy are going to be very disappointed."
"\"I've been here before and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said, adding that he had not seen the \"very real \"effects of the quake."
"\"It's a very difficult situation, but I'm happy with the progress we've made,\" he said."
"\"I have a lot of people that I would like to see in the White House, and I'm going to be very grateful for that,\" he said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm really happy with the way the season went and I'm really happy with the way the boys played."
"I think the best thing is to get him out of the game and to get him back in the game and to get him back in the game and get him back in the game and then we'll see what happens."
"The researchers found that the more people who are in the group, the more likely they are to be diagnosed with the disease."
"It's a good thing that we have a good squad, we have a good squad, we have a good squad, we have a good squad and we have to keep working hard."
"The US has been pushing for the UK to remain in the single market, but the EU has been slow to act, with the UK's first minister saying last week that the UK would not be part of the single market."
"He said he was \"very pleased \"to see the figures, which he said were the highest since the government began its investigation in 2014."
"\"It's a good thing for me to be able to play in the first team, because I've got a lot of experience,\" he said."
"I don't want to be the guy who says I'm not going to be the guy who's going to get me out of here."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that he was the only one in the room,\" he said."
"It's not that I don't like the way he plays, but I don't think he's a great player."
"The new rules, which are expected to be introduced next year, will be implemented across the country, with the first in the UK being introduced in the Republic of Ireland."
"It's not a question of what I do, it's a question of what I'm doing, and that's what I've been doing for the last few years."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to be able to do that in the future."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to do it,\" he said, adding that he was not concerned about the potential impact on his career."
"The paper said that the \"biggest problem \"is that the government has not been able to get its act together to agree on a new deal."
"\"I don't know if I can do it, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"It's not like we're going to go out and win every game, but we're going to be better than we've been in the past."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday as investors took to the streets to protest the decision by the U. S. Federal Reserve."
"The city's mayor said he was \"very disappointed \"by the decision to leave the city, and that he would be \"very disappointed \"if the city did not pay for the legal costs."
"I'm not saying that I don't want to be involved in the process, but I think it's important for the club to get the right balance of players and coaches."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are still a nation of immigrants,\" he said."
"I've had a lot of people come in and say they're not happy with the way I've been playing."
"The other day, I was in the middle of a conversation with a friend about a new book I was reading."
"It's a very good thing that he's back in the team and I'm very happy for him and the team."
"\"I'm not saying I would have a great life but I'm not going to be able to live a life that I would like,\" she said."
"I think that's a good thing because we're not going to have a situation where we're going to be able to have a conversation about the issues."
"The first lady, who has a net worth of $ 1. 2 billion, is the most famous woman in the world."
"The first time I went to the doctor, I was so scared I didn't know what to do."
"The U. S. and its allies have been bombing Islamic State since 2014, but the group has not been able to carry out attacks in the country."
"\"I don't know how to explain it, but it's a great feeling,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that the government's investigation was continuing."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are going to be in the White House will be Democrats,\" she said."
"\"We have to be careful with the numbers because we don't want to be in the position where we have to pay for the services,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital for treatment for his injuries, police said."
"He was a young man, and he was a very good player, and I think he was a very good player at the same time."
"The prime minister's office said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal."
"The main thing is to get the ball in the air and make sure you get the right shot and that's what I did tonight."
"The club's website says it is \"open to the public \"and that \"all members are welcome \"to attend."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the project but would not say how many jobs it would create."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to be ready,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to do it all over again,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed in the past year has dropped by more than half compared with the previous year."
"The first time I was in a bar, I was in a group of four people, and I was drinking and I was a little bit drunk and I was trying to get out of there."
"The new rules are designed to help companies make more money from the sale of their products, which is a key driver of the global economy."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to say this, but I think it's a good idea."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, so I've never really had a problem with it,\" he said."
"I don't think it's going to be easy to get to the point where you can't say you're going to be able to do it."
"He was a big part of that, he's a big part of the team, he's a big part of the team, he's a big part of the team, he's a big part of the team."
"\"I don't know if he'll be back, but I'm sure he'll be back,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to see the world in a new light,\" he said."
"I've been here for a long time, and I've seen the world through a lot of different eyes."
"I think it's a really good thing for the club to have a big name in the squad and to have a guy who can go out there and play."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the coming weeks, will be made permanent by the end of March."
"I was just a little bit nervous because I didn't know what to expect, but it was a good feeling."
"The report said that the government's decision to cut the number of migrants in the country was a \"direct result of the continuing crisis in the migrant crisis."
"It's a great opportunity to do a little bit of research and see what the market is like."
"The problem is that the government has not done anything to stop the flow of migrants into the country."
"\"It's a very difficult game, but I've got a lot of confidence in my team and I'm going to try and win it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's any reason to think that he's not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I've got to be careful, because I'm going to be in a position where I'm going to have to make decisions,\" he said."
"The researchers also found that the average age of the participants was 28. 9 years, which is a significant increase from the previous study."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people around you,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people in this room who are not in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being"
"I think the best thing that could happen is that we would have a discussion about what we would do to make sure that we had the best possible facilities."
"The new law, which was passed by a vote of the Parliament on Thursday, will be implemented in the next two weeks."
"\"We're not going to be able to keep him in the game,\" said the veteran defensive end."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play in the next two games, so I'm going to have to do what I can to help my team win,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" Trump said at a rally in Florida on Wednesday."
"\"We are very proud of the fact that we have been able to bring the whole world together,\" he said."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to play in the playoffs, but I'm confident he's going to be able to play."
"He was arrested in the early hours of the morning on suspicion of possession of cannabis and was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital in a critical condition."
"I've got a lot of friends who are working in the industry and I'm just trying to help them out."
"The group said it would be \"very hard \"to stop people from leaving the country, as it would take years for the government to agree on how to deal with the problem."
"The first thing I did was to go to the gym and I was like, \"I'm going to go to the gym and I'm going to do this."
"I've been to a lot of games where I've been in the stands and I've seen them all, but I've never seen a game like this."
"The company has been in talks with a number of major players in the sector to help it develop its products, but none has yet been approved."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with a mental illness has increased by nearly a third over the past five years, according to a new report."
"\"We've got to be very careful about what we say, because we're going to be in the middle of the action,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do anything to stop them from going after us,\" he said."
"The report said that the government's failure to address the issue of the \"unfair \"pay gap was likely to lead to a \"grave \"difficultening of the relationship between the two countries."
"I've had a lot of people come up to me and say, \"You know what, I'm not going to do this."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese state- owned Chinese state- run media companies."
"The first lady, Hillary Clinton, and first lady- and first lady- daughters- Michelle and Chelsea Clinton, who are both in the White House."
"He said: \"We are in a very difficult position and I'm not sure if we can win it."
"The researchers found that people who had been exposed to the virus in the past had a 50 percent increased risk of developing the virus."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players but I'm not going to be happy if they don't play,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with depression has increased from 1. 5 million in 2007 to 2. 5 million in 2014."
"The number of people who have been arrested for terrorism offences has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years, the report says."
"The couple had been together for two years, but she had stopped taking them when they were both teenagers."
"The government's budget deficit is expected to grow by a further 2. 5 per cent this year, compared with the previous year's growth of 3. 6 per cent."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The woman, who did not want to be named, said: \"I was so scared that I didn't want to go out."
"It's a great opportunity for us to be able to go out there and play our game and make a difference."
"\"I don't know what the point is, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The company's stock rose to $ 1. 60 in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would be closing a $ 1. 5 million loss."
"The government has said it will be \"fully engaged \"in the talks, which will be held in Geneva next month."
"I've got to be able to get the ball back and I'm not going to be able to get the ball back and I have to be able to play the way I've played the last couple of games."
"I was really pleased with the performance of the team, the way they played, and I think we will be back in the top four."
"It's not like we're going to be able to do all the things we need to do to win games."
"The researchers said they were surprised to find that the average age of the participants was more than 25 years old."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent over the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"The United States has been accused of using a drone to kill civilians in Yemen, but the drone has not been used in the fighting."
"It's not a bad thing to have a kid, but I think it's important to have a kid who is ready to play."
"The problem is that the only way to make the case for a Brexit is to have a vote, not a vote."
"He said: \"I think it's important to recognise that there is a lot of work to be done to make sure that we have a good system of funding."
"\"We have to be careful, but we have to be careful when we are dealing with the world,\" he told the BBC."
"I've got to make sure I'm ready to go and I'm ready to go, but I'm not going to take anything for granted."
"The reason I'm here is because I want to be a leader for the whole country, not just the one person who's elected to be president."
"The team will also be looking to add a third- party developer to help them build the new stadium."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to go to college, but I'm not going to go to college,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a bad thing, but it's not the way I want to play."
"\"I don't think that's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"The report said the government had failed to address the problem of women's health, which is a major problem in the country."
"The question is, what is the best way to get people to pay attention to the fact that they're not watching the news?"
"I think the most important thing is to get the ball in the air and to be able to get it in the air and play well."
"The company said it would reduce its workforce by about 10, 000 people in the next five years, and it expects to add about 40, 000 more jobs over the next five years."
"The report said the number of people who were affected by the fire was \"very small \"and that it was not yet known how many people had been affected."
"The idea of a \"new \"Trump presidency is a far cry from the one we've seen in the past few months."
"It's a big, big problem, but I think it's a good thing to be able to have a conversation about it."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State since it declared a \"caliphate \"in Iraq and Syria in March 2014."
"The fact that they have to go through that process is a real shame because it's a process that we have to get through."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to reach the target of 100 per cent of its workforce by 2020, but it is working to reach that target."
"\"I don't want to be in the position where I'm going to be the leader of the party,\" he said."
"I was not a fan of the idea of a vote- winning candidate, but I was very excited about the idea of someone who could win."
"He said he was \"extremely concerned \"about the safety of the children and that he was \"very concerned \"about the \"very serious \"death of a baby."
"\"We are not going to be able to get the job done in the next two weeks,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell by more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Monday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"The judge said:'You are a young man who has been married for five years and has a family in the area."
"\"It's a very, very difficult situation to be in and it's a very difficult situation for us to be in,\" he said."
"I think that's what I've always done, I've always been a big supporter of the club and I think that's what I've always done."
"It is a bit of a stretch to say that we are going to be able to compete with the best teams in the world."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested and charged with possession of a weapon in a public place and possession of a weapon in a public place."
"\"I'm not going to be here for a while, but I'm going to be here for a long time,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, which is expected to be the last major year of the government's tax reform programme."
"\"I have to say I was very pleased to be given a chance to play and to be able to play in the first team,\" he said."
"\"It's a very important thing for the future of the club and we're very proud of what we've achieved,\" he said."
"The Government has said it is committed to ensuring that the UK remains a global leader in the fight against terrorism."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a child, but it's not a bad idea for a parent to have a child."
"The court heard that the victim had been drinking heavily at the time of the alleged attack and had been drinking heavily at the time of the incident, which happened at about 11. 30pm on September 17."
"\"I don't want to get carried away with the idea that I'm going to be the first black person in the history of the United States,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday and taken to a local hospital."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent on Wednesday, but they are down nearly 9 percent since the news broke."
"The new rules will be introduced at the end of the month, and will be introduced at the end of the year, so the new rules will be introduced at the end of this year."
"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not a doctor, I'm not a lawyer, I don't have a business, I don't have a family."
"I've been in the business for over 20 years and I've never had a problem with the way the business is going."
"\"We are going to be talking about the economy and the economy is going to be the focus of the next debate,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to let this happen again, and I'm not going to let this happen again."
"The report said the UK was the only major EU country to have a higher rate of new home construction than the UK as a whole."
"The group's website says that it has a \"high level of funding \"from the government and the private sector, and that it is committed to delivering \"full- scale \"public education \"to the UK."
"It is a reminder that the government is not alone in its efforts to stop the flow of migrants."
"The same poll found that a third of Americans think that the United States is not a strong leader in the world, and that more than half of Americans think that the United States is not a good leader in the world."
"The report said that the government had made progress in reducing the number of people with mental health problems who were not able to work due to the lack of employment opportunities."
"The first thing we have to do is to ensure that the system is robust and that the people who are affected are protected."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been in contact with the victim's family was down from the previous year."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to take action to protect the rights of migrants, who are often not able to access the legal status they need to seek asylum in the UK."
"I don't know if they're going to be able to do it in the next couple of years, but it's something we're going to have to look at."
"It's not that I'm not a fan of the idea of a woman in the White House."
"It's a tough thing to do, but I think it's a good thing to do because it gives you a chance to show your skills."
"The government's plan is to build a new road on the island, which is expected to be completed by 2020."
"\"We are going to be a very, very strong country and we're going to be a very strong country,\" Trump said."
"I'm not going to say what I want to do, but I'm going to do it."
"The first thing I do when I'm in the studio is I go to the studio and I look at the screen and I see the screen is in a different place."
"The man was taken to hospital and is expected to survive, but the woman has been left with severe injuries."
"He was a very good player and I think he was a very good player at the end of the season, but I think he was a bit of a victim."
"The president- elect's transition team has not yet responded to a request for comment on the new administration's plans."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were released on bail, but were not charged with any crime."
"The former secretary of state's comments were made during an interview with the BBC's Today programme on Tuesday."
"\"I've got to be careful because I've got to make sure that I'm not going to be in a position where I'm not going to be able to do anything,\" he said."
"The company has also been accused of using a false name in order to gain access to its customers."
"The U. S. State Department has said it is working with the U. S. government on a plan to help the Syrian government restore its control over the area."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to be a member of the Labour Party,\" he said."
"The problem is that the way we're doing things is changing, and we need to do something about it."
"\"I don't think there's a problem with that, I just don't think it's a problem for the game,\" he said."
"I was in the car and I heard a lot of people saying, \"You can't do this,\" and I thought, \"That's not right."
"The new rules will be introduced next week, with the first of its kind in the UK, and will be implemented in the UK for the first time in almost a decade."
"\"I think it's a shame that the [ national ] team didn't have a great year,\" he said."
"\"We have to be very careful in the future, and I'm not going to be the first to say that,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what's going to happen with the next couple of years, but I'm going to keep going,\" he said."
"The government has said the plan will help reduce the number of people in poverty, but critics have said it will not help the majority of people."
"I think it's important for the club to know that we're not going to be able to do that."
"The company said it was \"extremely pleased \"by the decision and said it was committed to continuing to invest in the UK."
"The poll found that the vast majority of voters supported the idea of a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country."
"The next morning, she was told that she had to leave the house and go to the police station, but she refused."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not a fan of the idea that you can have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The men were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and were released on bail."
"\"We're not going to do anything until we get a better understanding of what's going on,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how many people have been killed in the last few days,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the attack was linked to the Islamic State."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and is working with the Justice Department's civil rights division."
"The deal, which will be announced in the coming weeks, will allow the government to extend the existing contract until the end of 2017."
"The reason I'm here is because I want to be able to make a difference in the lives of people in the United States."
"The company's share price rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but it fell 0. 2 percent in after- hours trading on Friday."
"I've got to be honest, I don't know what I'd do with my life if I didn't have a job."
"\"It's a really important game for us and we have to be ready for it,\" he said."
"The government has been pushing for a \"more open \"vote on the issue, but it has not yet been able to do so."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the first time in decades, but it has not yet set out how it will do so."
"The government is also trying to get the Supreme Court to take up a case against the company, which is also facing a legal battle from the US."
