"I'm not sure what it is that makes him feel so bad, but I think he is very, very proud of it."
"The report, which was published on Tuesday, said that the UK's overall economic performance had improved since the financial crisis, but the UK economy was still struggling."
"\"I'm not sure how much I'd be comfortable with the idea, but it's something I've been thinking about,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital and was not injured, the statement said."
"The government has said it will not raise taxes on the wealthy, but critics have argued that it will benefit the very rich."
"The company has not yet revealed how much of the money it would make from the sale of its shares will be used for the sale of its shares."
"\"If I was in a position where I was going to be a better coach, I would have been there for a long time,\" he said."
"The U. S. is the world's largest economy and has a growing population, but it is also one of the world's least developed."
"\"I think it's a shame that they're not able to come in and play for us,\" he said."
"The truth is, it's not that we don't want to do it, it's just that we don't want to."
"The country's economy is expected to grow by 0. 5 percent this year, according to official figures, but it is still far from the full potential of the global economy."
"\"I don't know if it's a joke or not,\" she told the BBC."
"The Syrian army has been fighting rebels for a year and a half, but the rebels are not fighting the government."
"It is a massive achievement and one I have been looking forward to since I first started writing in the 1980s."
"\"I was pretty sure it was going to be a disaster,\" he said in a telephone interview from his home in San Francisco."
"\"It is not the case that we are going to be able to get a real deal,\" he said."
"We are in a situation where we are not going to be able to compete with the top teams in the world and that is a concern."
"The poll also showed that the share of Americans who say they are \"very or somewhat \"or \"very \"confident in their ability to deal with the economy is up from a year ago."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play the next two games, but he's going to be a good player,\" said the 27- year- old."
"\"I've been in the office for 10 years, and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"But the problem is that the majority of people don't have a phone, and they don't have a computer or a computer- or a computer- that is the problem."
"The only thing I can do is to try and keep the pressure on, but I'll have to do that."
"\"I think it's going to be very difficult for me to get a job in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 percent to $ 14. 56 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in almost a year."
"\"We will continue to monitor the situation and we will provide support to the people affected,\" he said."
"The study, published in the British Medical Journal, found that the average number of people who had a heart attack in their lifetime had fallen from 6. 4 per cent to 6. 3 per cent."
"The U. S. military has conducted airstrikes in Syria since late 2014, but the airstrikes have not killed or injured civilians."
"It's not as if the next generation of players will be able to do it because of the current rules."
"The reason is that the drug is not an easy drug to get, and people are not willing to give it to someone who has a history of heart disease."
"\"It's a massive boost for the sport and we're delighted that it's here,\" he said."
"We're not going to be in a position where we're going to be able to control the pace of the game."
"The group is also working with other agencies to ensure that the money is used for the right projects."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the country to have a strong leader,\" he said."
"We are going to be able to talk about it in a way that people can't do in the streets."
"It's a long way from home, but it's a nice place to be and a great place to be in the UK."
"The Supreme Court has ruled that the government cannot force the government to pay the cost of a speech, even if the government is not required to pay for the speech itself."
"I'm not sure if he's ready to play in the playoffs, but he's got a lot of potential."
"\"We have to be careful with the fact that this is a public service announcement,\" he said."
"The researchers found that the more you talk, the more likely you are to get the same kind of response."
"The report said the number of children affected had increased by more than 50 per cent since the deal was struck."
"\"I'm not sure how I would feel if I had a gun, but I know that if I had a gun, I would have shot somebody,\" he said."
"The U. S. has not been able to agree on a specific number of airstrikes, but the coalition has been able to strike at least two targets in Syria."
"\"I think it's a great way to get into the game, and I've been playing it a lot,\" he said."
"\"I've got to be careful, because I've got to be careful, but I don't want to be too worried,\" he said."
"The issue of whether the U. S. should continue to pay its fair share of the cost of the war in Iraq is one of the most important issues in the presidential election."
"The British Medical Association said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the situation in the country, adding that it was \"committed \"to providing support to patients."
"\"We are working to get the best possible deal, but we will have to wait and see,\" he said."
"The video was posted on social media by a man who said he was a refugee from Syria who had been in a relationship with a woman."
"It is the only way we can do it, and we will do it in a way that is appropriate for the people of the city."
"The first thing we did was to try to get some of the players to come on board and see what we can do."
"The first thing he does when he comes back is he goes to the dressing room and he's not a good guy."
"The company said it had had no plans to increase its production in the region, but said it was \"hopeful \"the region would benefit from the new technology."
"I'm not sure I've seen him since he was a kid, but he's still there."
"\"I don't know how I can go back and do that, but I'm going to try,\" he said."
"The numbers of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict have risen by almost half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go out and do that in a hotel,\" he says."
"\"I think it's a very good thing to be able to do it in the middle of the night,\" he said."
"We're going to be able to move the ball and we're going to be able to play defense and we're going to be able to play offense."
"He's been a big part of the club since he was a kid, and he's been a big part of our success."
"It was a great experience, but I had to go back to work and it took me a little bit to get used to."
"The new president will be able to use the power of the presidency to make decisions that affect the lives of the people he's elected to represent."
"The problem is that, in the last couple of years, it has become more difficult for women to get a job."
"I'm not saying that it's a bad thing, but I'm not saying that it's the only thing that's wrong with the system."
"I've got a lot of guys that I've got to be able to play with and I think I can do that."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of checks and balances to ensure that people are not taken advantage of."
"The German government has said it will not pay for the cost of the project, which will be completed in 2020."
"It's a big deal, but it's not something that we've been able to do in the past."
"The Reserve Bank of Australia will hold its next meeting on Monday to consider whether to raise interest rates."
"He said:'I have a boyfriend and we've been together for a year and I've just got to go out and do what I love to do."
"The Russian president has said he will not seek re- election in 2018 and that he will not seek re- election in 2020."
"\"I think the game is going to be really tough in the second half because you can't go out and score goals,\" he said."
"In an interview with The Times, he said: \"I'm a very liberal person, and I think that's what's really important."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club and I think it's a good thing for the players,\" he added."
"If you look at the data, it's almost as if there's been a huge increase in the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV."
"The man was taken to hospital for treatment for a serious head injury, but his condition was not known at the time."
"The company's shares were down 1. 4 percent at $ 30. 18, while the S & P 500 index was up 1. 2 percent at $ 30. 22."
"It's an opportunity to get in a good position to make a difference and I think that's what we're going to be doing."
"\"The government's decision to launch a war of words with the press is a serious breach of the human rights of the people of Yemen,\" he said."
"I think it's going to be a very different game if we can get the ball in the air and get it in the right hands."
"\"The people who are in the middle are the ones who are going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"The only thing that would stop him from taking a job is a job he doesn't want to take."
"It was a very good performance for me and I'm happy with the way I played today and the way I played today."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've been very lucky to have been able to get into it."
"\"We're in a position where we're not going to have to worry about the security of our borders,\" he said."
"The group's latest figures show that its operating margin rose to a record $ 1. 2 billion in 2015 from $ 1. 5 billion in 2014."
"The study also found that people who took part in the study were less likely to be diagnosed with depression than those who did not."
"I've been in the business for 20 years and I know that the people who work here are the best in the world."
"The group said it was the first time it had ever used the term \"terrorist,\" which means a group of people have committed a terrorist act."
"He said the company had not received a response from the government yet, and the company had not been contacted by the government."
"The woman's husband, who was also injured in the incident, was taken to a hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"I don't know what they are going to do, but I think they're going to make it work."
"The U. S. State Department said on Wednesday that the Syrian government had not yet agreed to a cease- fire."
"He said: \"We have a very good team and a very good manager and we will try to play our best football."
"\"I think it's a good thing to do because it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're trying to help,\" he said."
"\"I've never seen anything like it,\" he said, adding that he had no idea what he was talking about."
"I have been told that the deal was a deal- making mistake and I will be disappointed if I don't get the chance to play."
"I think he's a very good player, and I think he'll be very good for us."
"In a statement, the union said: \"This is a serious matter, and we will be appealing the decision."
"The government said in a statement that it would also appeal against the ruling, which it said was \"not a decision that the court will take lightly."
"The company's shares were down more than 3% at $ 30. 35 on Thursday, while its shares were up nearly 4% at $ 30. 32."
"The project is a part of a wider effort to make the city more affordable for the next generation of people."
"It is a big decision, but I am not going to be surprised if he does not play in the next two games."
"Theresa May has said she will be \"very clear \"on the EU referendum, and has promised to hold a second referendum on the issue in June."
"In the past two years, the number of people who have been affected has increased by a factor of 1. 2."
"It's a huge step up for us and we're going to be working with the guys at the top to make sure we're ready for the next one."
"The United States and Russia have been engaged in a campaign of cyber- attacks against the Democratic Party, which has been largely dominated by the Kremlin."
"The agency said in a statement that it was working with local authorities to establish a safe and secure environment to operate the vehicles."
"The real question is, how do you make sure that the people who are going to be the next president are people who actually have a plan to help people who are in a crisis."
"It is the second time this year that the UK has taken a decision to leave the European Union, after the UK voted to leave the European Union in June."
"The next day, the couple were in a car with two others, and the driver was arrested and charged with driving without a licence."
"The court heard that the woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had been in a relationship with the man for a number of years."
"The first thing we have to do is to ensure that we don't let this happen again."
"The agreement will be announced at a meeting of the Cabinet Office on Tuesday, and the Treasury will announce a final decision on the terms of the deal on Wednesday."
"The children's charity said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision and said it was \"not the right decision \"for the children's charity."
"I was not sure how much I was going to be able to handle in the next few months, but I've just got to keep working hard."
"In the past, the U. S. has been a strong supporter of Israel, but now it has become increasingly isolated."
"He said he was in a car with his wife and two children when they heard the explosion and saw a man in a car."
"The company has been under scrutiny since it was discovered that a \"customer \"had been receiving a text message from the company's head."
"\"We're not going to say it's a problem, but it's a problem,\" he said."
"The group, which has been linked to a string of terror attacks in Europe and the United States, is also one of the most active groups in Syria."
"It is a shame that we have not had the same level of success in the past few years, because we have had a lot of good players."
"The company's stock has fallen by nearly 10 per cent in the past 12 months, while the benchmark S & P 500 index has lost almost 20 per cent."
"\"I don't think that's the right way of doing it,\" he said, adding that the company's strategy was to focus on the market at a time when the market was getting better."
"He said: \"I think it's important for us to be clear that we are not going to do anything that could damage the relationship."
"It's a good thing that we're playing at home, because it's a good place to be and to be in the Champions League."
"He said he had been in a relationship with a woman for two years and had been in a relationship with a man for two years."
"We are now in a position where we need to see what is going to happen in the next few days."
"\"I'm not going to say that I don't want to be involved in the political process,\" he said."
"He said: \"We are not going to let the government in to take away our rights, our jobs and our culture."
"\"I am not going to lie, I have been in the room a lot of times,\" he said."
"The company's share price has fallen by more than half since the election, and its shares have fallen more than 40 per cent in the past year."
"\"The people who are going to be in charge of the country's economy will be people who have a lot of experience and a lot of experience in the business world,\" he said."
"The new law will also be used to implement a new system of government, which will allow the government to hire more lawyers and hire more judges."
"The group, which has been fighting the government since 2011, said it would continue to fight the war until the end of 2017."
"The group's president, David Jones, said the group was \"a small group of people \"who were \"very well organized \"and that it was \"not just about one person,\" he said."
"\"I think it's really important for the industry to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this."
"I think it's a really important issue, but I don't think it's the only one."
"The group's statement said the group had been preparing for the attack for more than a year and had not yet received a formal request for help."
"The company said it had received a total of $ 1. 5 billion in government funding in the last 12 months, and that it had raised $ 2 billion in the same period."
"The spokesman said: \"We have been informed that the UK Government is aware of the matter and will be providing a response as soon as possible."
"The most recent figures show that the proportion of people who say they are not sure whether they want to be a parent has dropped from 42 per cent in 2012 to 21 per cent in 2015."
"It is not clear whether the government has sought to distance itself from the company, or whether it has made any effort to reach out to the company."
"He's been through a lot, and he's done a lot of good things and he's a guy that's going to be a great addition to the team."
"The president- elect also announced that he will hold a joint news conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday."
"It's a great time of year to be a parent and you can't just go and buy a car and drive it."
"I was in a car and the driver asked me to go in, and then I was told that I had to leave the car."
"The group's first official meeting was held in Brussels on Monday, and the group's first meeting in the capital was held on Tuesday."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm a racist, but I think we have to be very careful about what we say in the room,\" he said."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody, police said in a statement."
"\"We have a long way to go, but we've got a lot of good players and a lot of good coaches,\" he said."
"The new rules are designed to ensure the right to vote is protected, and will not be used to block a vote."
"It's not that we don't want to be here, but we're not going to be here for a while."
"I was a little bit nervous about the game, but I was ready to play and I felt like I could do it."
"\"I'm not sure if he's going to be able to play, but he's got the ability to play,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's even on the phone with us,\" he said, adding that the only thing he could do was \"get on with my life."
"It's a lot easier to be a good player when you're a good manager, and I think he's done that."
"I'm going to be in a position where I'm going to be able to do things that I've never done before."
"The pair are expected to be formally charged in the US on Tuesday, and the case is expected to be heard in a federal court in Brooklyn."
"\"I've been trying to get in contact with him since the day he died,\" he said, adding that he had no idea what happened to his friend's body."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 3. 6 percent annual rate in the third quarter, its best quarter in a decade."
"\"I'm not going to give up,\" said the 28- year- old, who was a member of the Melbourne Storm's youth team for the 2012 season."
"The last thing we want is for them to be able to say they are not here for us, and that we are not here for them."
"He was also sentenced to a year in prison, but was released after a hearing in September."
"I think that's what we're seeing now and we're going to see more of it."
"\"I have a lot of friends, and I've got to be careful not to say anything bad,\" she said."
"We're going to have to make a decision, and I'm not sure what we're going to do."
"The only thing I can do is to be patient and keep my head down and focus on the game."
"We've been playing a lot better this year, and we're going to be playing better than we've been at any time in our history."
"The study was funded by the National Institute on the Development of the UK, the European Commission and the European Parliament."
"The Government's latest figures show that more than 1, 000 people have been killed in the conflict, with more than 1, 000 more injured."
"But the decision was made by the doctors to go with the patient, who was a boy, in the emergency room for more than an hour."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said, referring to the Republican presidential candidate."
"\"We have a lot of work to do,\" he said, adding that he has not yet decided whether to attend the game."
"I'm not going to say what it is, but it's a big deal and it's a big deal for the people of this country."
"The government says it has a \"good track record \"of improving the lives of people who have lost their homes."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm looking forward to getting to know her."
"The poll found that just 16 percent of likely voters said they would vote for Trump if he were elected president, compared to 65 percent who said they would back Clinton."
"The most recent figures show that the number of people using social media has risen by 50 per cent in the past five years."
"I think we're in a good position to be able to do that, but we'll have to see what happens."
"\"We are a very small team and we are not going to be able to do all the work we need to do,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all private sector employees, including those in the public sector, and those who are not part- time."
"In the U. S., the Trump campaign has said that it would not accept donations from foreign governments."
"The poll also found that 54 per cent of people believe that the government should be more involved in the economy, while 43 per cent think it should be less."
"The first- quarter revenue fell to $ 1. 6 billion, or 3. 2 percent, from $ 1. 6 billion, or 3. 9 percent, a year earlier."
"But in the end, the only thing that really matters is that you can't be too careful."
"The former secretary of state's campaign has said it would be \"sustainable \"to stay in the EU even if it is not the best option for Britain."
"The company said it had raised $ 8. 3 billion in the second quarter, up $ 2. 5 billion from the same period last year."
"But it's not enough to say that I'm a \"better \"player than I was in the first half."
"I've never seen a man who has not been through a period of depression or a period of anger, and I have never seen a man who has not been through a period of anger, and I have never seen a man who has not"
"The UK's biggest bank said it was \"very pleased \"to announce that it had agreed to pay \u00a3 1. 4 billion to settle a legal dispute over the Brexit process."
"But they were in a different situation and we're not going to give them the credit for that."
"\"The first thing I have to do is to tell the truth about the situation,\" he said, according to the AP."
"\"We've got a lot of good players and we need to be ready to play some good football,\" he said."
"But there is a lot of pressure on the banks and I think that's what we need to address."
"It is estimated that a third of the population is now living below the poverty line, which is below the level of the population of the UK."
"I've got a lot of people that have been there, and I've got a lot of people that are here, and I know they're going to be disappointed."
"\"We're not going to have a policy that says we're going to be able to make a difference in the world,\" he said."
"The judge said the teenager had a history of mental health problems and had been in a relationship with the victim for a number of years."
"The company's shares fell by more than 40 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, the biggest drop in more than a year."
"But it's a very different experience, and we need to take a different approach to the game."
"But I'm not going to be able to do that until I'm 100 per cent sure that I can do it."
"The group's board has said that it is committed to supporting the Trump administration and that it will continue to support the president- elect's agenda."
"The main thing is that we have a great team and we're in a great position to play well."
"It's not just about money, but also about what you want to do, what your goals are, what you want to be able to do and what you want to be able to do."
"\"The fact that we have a nominee that is from a state that is a state that I think is going to have a very strong vote in November is a very, very positive thing,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is believed to be in his 20s and is believed to be a member of the same family."
"The \"new \"greens have won 10 of the last 11 elections, but they have not won a single seat in the Parliament since 2009."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to get back, but he's got a lot of work to do."
"\"I don't think there is anything wrong with the way we are playing,\" he said."
"The group's director of operations, David Williams, said: \"We're very pleased to have been able to get this application approved."
"The British Medical Association, which represents doctors, is also investigating the case, but it is not yet clear if the death was linked to the drugs."
"\"I think that's what we have to do to make sure that we're not just going to take it away from them,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get a good start and get some good players in here,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business since I was 17, and I've seen the value in it, and I think it's been a great success,\" he said."
"The government has not yet announced any plans for a new tax on the value of property, but it is expected to announce a new tax on the value of shares in a new company."
"But they also know that the real problem is not the immigration of people, but rather the lack of a proper immigration system."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm a racist, I'm not going to say I'm a racist, but I'm not going to say I'm a white racist,\" he said."
"I'd like to think that's what we've been thinking about, and that's what we're going to be thinking about in the next few weeks."
"The good news is that the rules are changing and we are going to see a lot of people that are going to be in the game for a long time."
"The average age of the women in the study was 50, and the men were 45. 7 years old."
"\"I think it's important to be able to tell the story of the person who died and the circumstances of their death,\" he said."
"The truth is, we have a very long way to go in terms of our understanding of the world and the issues that we face."
"We have to work together to get the best possible deal for the people of Wales and we need to be prepared to do that."
"The government has said it is not yet ready to discuss the issue, but it has promised to provide the necessary information to the European Commission."
"The EU's single market is the single biggest barrier to trade with the rest of the world, and this has to be addressed."
"The SNP's deputy leader, Alex Neil, said: \"We are delighted to be taking part in the SNP's campaign to ensure Scotland's economy is strong."
"In the past, he has been a very effective leader and has been very successful in his business and his personal life."
"The government's report also found that the number of people who had been in contact with the couple was increasing."
"\"The first thing we have to do is to make sure that we get the right people in,\" she said."
"\"I don't know how it's going to be, but I think we're going to be in the top five,\" he said."
"It's a bit like a game of catch- up, you can't just go out and do it."
"The Government is committed to working with all parties in Scotland to ensure that the changes are implemented, and we are committed to ensuring the right deal is struck."
"The people who do this to me are the ones who have been in the house for years and I have to ask them to come back and do the same thing."
"But I can't say for sure, because I have no idea how much money he has left."
"In the first half, the Rams were up by six and then down by six with the game on the line."
"\"I think the best thing I can do is to be honest with you, I'm not going to lie to you,\" she said."
"I'm sure it's going to be a tough game but I'm confident we'll be able to do it."
"I don't know what's going on, but I have a feeling that the situation is not going to be fixed."
"It's a huge thing and I don't want to put too much pressure on myself but I'm going to try and keep it under control."
"In a statement, the company said the decision to leave the EU was based on the \"very serious \"effect of the referendum on Britain's membership of the EU."
"The government's policy of keeping the money in reserve for the first four years of a new contract is a sign of the government's commitment to fiscal responsibility."
"\"I'm not going to be a fan of the idea of a man who's got a wife, who's got kids, who's got a family, who's got a career,\" he said."
"We've got to do a lot of things, we've got to get our guys in the right place and we've got to get our guys in the right position to win games."
"The poll also shows that a majority of Americans are not prepared to accept that the United States is not the best place to be for immigrants."
"But I'm not going to go into the game thinking I'm not going to score goals or anything like that."
"But the problem is, in this case, we're not even sure what we're going to do."
"The EU is a member state of the United States, and its members have a duty to protect the rights and interests of the people of the European Union."
"We are not in a position to do that, but we can't change the game plan and that's what we've got to do."
"The government has said it wants to see the UK's membership of the EU as a priority, and it is working with the European Commission to find a solution."
"The couple, who have a son, are not expected to be back to work until the end of the week, according to the official."
"The film, which is set in the 1970s, was directed by James Anderson, who is also a director."
"\"I think the reality is that we have to make the most of the opportunities that we have,\" he said."
"The event was the first of its kind in the world, with the first ever by a Chinese company, and the first in the world to be held in a Chinese market."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 4 percent pace in the fourth quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2014."
"\"It's the first time I've done that in a while, it's a very big tournament,\" he said."
"\"I'm a bit disappointed that I didn't have a chance to play,\" he said."
"The biggest risk is that the economy will slow down and the government will not be able to pay its bills."
"The fact that I was able to get away with it is something that I'm very proud of and I'm going to continue to do."
"The majority of the time, I think it's the same guys, they just want to win, and I think that's what we're doing."
"The first- year coach said: \"I'm not going to be happy if we don't win."
"He was a good player, he was a good player at the start of the season and he's been a good player for us."
"The US has been bombing Islamic State in Syria and Iraq for months, with the aim of killing as many as 50, 000 people, according to the UN."
"The new rules, which will apply to all new cars, will be introduced in the next two years."
"I have a feeling that if he can stay healthy, he could be a very good option for us."
"\"I don't know what the outcome will be, but I'm going to be happy to stay here,\" he said."
"It's a big opportunity for us to get a win and we're going to be ready to go."
"\"We've got to do a better job of building the game, and that's what we're doing,\" he said."
"The report also said that the average household in the UK has a net worth of \u00a3 60, 000- a quarter of which is in the form of loans."
"It's a very good team and we're going to try to play our best football and do everything we can to win games."
"The couple's two children, aged 14 and 11, are also in the care of the court."
"I think we've been a little bit more consistent in the last couple of weeks, so we'll have to see how it goes."
"He's got to be the best player in the world, but I don't think he's the best player in the world."
"\"We have to do this in a way that is not just a joke but a real, real threat to the country,\" he said."
"\"I think that's what's important for the country to know that we are going to be a better country than we are now,\" he said."
"The last thing we want to do is to make people think we're not serious about the issues."
"\"I want to be a part of that process, and that's why I'm here,\" he said."
"\"I have no doubt in my mind that if I'm elected, I will be able to do the things I want to do,\" he said."
"\"I am not going to take it personally, but I will say this: I will not take it personally,\" he said."
"\"We are going to work together to build a better future for our people,\" he said."
"The game was a bit of a shock to me, but I'm not worried about it."
"It's a great way to keep your head down and get ready for a big game."
"The two were found in the same area of the city on Monday, and were taken to hospital, according to police."
"I think the thing I have to do is make sure that I don't go back to my own country, because I am from a country that I have never been."
"The country's second- largest economy has been hit by a series of high- interest rate policies since the crisis began."
"The White House said Obama will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday, but he is not expected to attend."
"The researchers said they were surprised to find that the number of patients who reported being infected with the virus had increased by about 50 percent."
"He is a very good player and has a lot of talent and he will be an important part of our team for years to come."
"The Labour leader has pledged to \"look at \"whether the UK should leave the EU and said he would \"look at \"any options \"for a second referendum."
"He's a very good player, and I think he's got a lot of work to do, but he's a very good player."
"\"I'm not going to be here to say I'm not going to be here,\" he said, adding that he did not want to go to a party."
"He was the first of the four players to score a goal in a game since the 2011- 12 season, and he has scored in each of the past three games."
"The study also found that the more people who are more active, the more likely they are to have a heart attack."
"I'm not going to say it was a bad thing, I just don't think it was a bad thing."
"I was really surprised when I read the report and I thought it was a joke, but I did it anyway."
"He said he was in the process of writing a book about his experience as a refugee in the Middle East."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the best, but I'm going to be there."
"I have a feeling that I'll be playing in a few weeks time, I'll be ready to go."
"I've been in this position before, and I've had to deal with this situation and I've had to deal with it, and I've got to deal with it."
"The bank said it was confident it would be able to meet its goal of raising $ 10. 6 billion for the year."
"The move comes as the government faces criticism for failing to include a plan to deal with the issue of the role of women in the workforce."
"\"I think he's a very good player, he's a very good player, and I think that's what I'm going to try to get him,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to stop the flow of refugees into Europe and we are not going to stop the flow of people coming in and out of Greece,\" he said."
"\"I think we've got to be careful what we say, and I think we've got to be careful what we say about the facts,\" he said."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to address the issue of the long- term effects of the Brexit vote."
"\"I'm not going to say I didn't like the idea of it but I don't think it was the right choice,\" he said."
"The report said that the government would now be able to impose a cap on the number of refugees it can accept from Turkey."
"The Obama administration has said it is not prepared to meet with the Chinese on the issue, but officials have said they will be willing to discuss it with the Chinese."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get some guys on the field and to get some guys on the field who have been playing well for us."
"The new rules, which will be implemented in the first half of 2016, are designed to ensure that the industry remains competitive."
"\"I have a lot of friends, I have a lot of family members, I have a lot of friends who have been here for a long time,\" he said."
"But it's a new one, and we have to learn from it and learn from what happened, and we have to be more positive about it."
"The price of oil is down about $ 1 a barrel from a year ago, but that's not enough to keep up with inflation."
"The UK's biggest bank is also keen to boost its global presence by investing in the US, where it has a strong market."
"\"I am not a politician, but I have to say that I have been very disappointed by the way the campaign has gone,\" he said."
"The group's Facebook page has more than 1, 500 likes and more than 1, 500 shares on Twitter."
"But it's not the first time he's been caught on camera trying to sell drugs."
"But the president- elect's position on the issue has been largely shaped by his own experience as a politician and his experience as a businessman."
"The government's report says the number of people who were affected by the virus rose to 2. 1 million in the three months to March, up from 1. 5 million the previous year."
"\"I don't know what happened, but I knew I had to make sure I got my hands on him,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players here and we're not going to get any more players who are going to be here next year,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a good thing, but it's not bad,\" he said."
"\"I think the biggest thing for me is that I'm not going to get in trouble for anything,\" he said."
"The company is also planning to build a new store in the city, which would be in the same building as the store."
"\"I think it is important for us to have a conversation about what is happening in our society,\" she said."
"I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing to be in the Premier League."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to vote for Donald Trump, but I'm not going to vote for Hillary Clinton,\" Trump said."
"It's a big game for us, but we have to take it easy, we have to keep our heads down and we have to win it."
"I don't know what the hell he's thinking, but I'm going to take a look at him."
"\"It's a shame that it took so long for the government to come forward,\" he said."
"The first thing he did was talk to me about what I was doing and how I was going to make a difference in my life."
"\"I was just trying to get away from the crowd and I just kept running,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were being held in a police station in the city."
"The first thing that comes to mind is what's going on in the world, and that's the most obvious thing to me."
"\"I think it's important to remember that you can't just go out and get a job,\" he said."
"The results are expected to be published in the autumn, and the team hopes to have it ready for launch in 2017."
"The numbers of people who have been in prison for drug offences have risen by nearly 10 per cent in the past five years."
"The German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, has said she wants to see a \"hard border \"between Europe and the United States."
"It's not just the people who have to worry about their health, it's also the people who have to worry about their jobs."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get the ball and we've got to do a good job of getting it."
"He was charged with two counts of second- degree murder and was released from jail on $ 1, 000 bail."
"The German government has said it will not allow the migrants into the country unless they are granted asylum- the first step in a process that could take years."
"The company has been on a tear since the election, with a record- breaking $ 1. 3 billion in revenue."
"I'm not sure how much it will affect the outcome of the referendum, but I'm not going to be surprised if it does."
"It is a very small number, and the number is not as large as it might be, but it is a very significant one."
"It's not like I'm saying it will be a disaster, but I think it's a good thing."
"I'm not sure how much he's going to be able to do in the short term, but he's got the ability to do it."
"It is not clear whether the men's or women's teams will be able to win the match on the final day."
"The only way to ensure that they don't get into the wrong hands is to have a system in place that allows them to be sent back."
"The U. S. is not the only country that is cutting back on its nuclear program, but it is not the only one."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" Trump said."
"The government is also looking at whether the new rules would be fair to the small business sector, which has been hit by the Brexit vote."
"\"I've always been a fan of the community and I'm very happy to be part of it,\" he said."
"The number of people who are not registered to vote in the UK has increased by more than 50 per cent in the last year."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged between 18 and 24 who have a disability has fallen by nearly a third."
"We're going to have to make sure that we're going to be able to get the best out of our players."
"The government has also made it harder for women to get a job, and the number of women in the workforce has dropped."
"\"I've been around the block a lot and I've seen a lot of good things, but I'm not a big fan of the old school,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to get the same number of people in the polls that we had last time,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries, and later died."
"He said:'I had a vision of a big building and I thought it was going to be a big house."
"I think the most important thing is to be able to go out and do the things you want to do and get the results you want to achieve."
"It's not a bad idea, but it's not the same as getting a job, so I'm just going to keep going."
"I'm not sure that's the right way to do it but it's a great way to do it."
"The next step is to build a community of people who can share their stories and share their stories with each other."
"It is also important to remember that the only way to get the best results is to be part of a team that is playing good football."
"\"If we're going to be able to do it in the next four years, then we have to do it in a way that is sustainable,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for the people of the United States to know that we have a legitimate president,\" she said."
"\"We're going to do a really good job and I think it's going to be a very good job,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to compete with him, but he's got to be ready to compete,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with a mental health problem increased by more than 10 per cent in the past 12 months."
"The new study also found that people who have sex with men are more likely to be diagnosed with depression, anxiety and other health problems."
"The U. S. and its allies have been fighting ISIS since the group's brutal assault in Iraq in March 2014."
"\"I was very lucky in my career, but I don't think I could have done it without the support of my family and friends,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about how you do it, how you're going to do it, and what you're going to do."
"We're not going to go into the next four years with a lack of talent and we've got to make sure we're not going to be in that situation."
"\"I've got to keep my head up and make sure I'm in the right place at the right time,\" he said."
"The company said the government had not yet decided whether to bring the case to trial, but it had agreed to do so."
"We've got a lot of good players, but we've got to find a way to play them in the right way."
"The government said it would consider the new rules at a meeting of the National Assembly in March, but would not rule out a vote on the matter."
"\"I've been through a lot, and I've learned a lot from the past, but I'm still learning,\" he said."
"The move was the latest in a series of measures taken by the government to tackle the problem of illegal immigrants living in the UK."
"\"I'm not saying that they're not going to do it, but they're going to have to,\" she said."
"But the vast majority of the people who are affected are women, with the majority of them living in rural areas."
"In the past, the researchers said, they'd been surprised to find that the average age of men was just 20."
"\"I think the message is clear: don't go into the bedroom and just sit there,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little extra space, especially if you're a tourist,\" he said."
"The victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court that he was in the car with the woman when she was attacked."
"It's not like you're going to find a way to get out of the house in one piece."
"\"If you're not going to do something, then you have to do it,\" he said."
"The agency is also investigating whether the Trump campaign's ties to Russia were a factor in the hacking."
"The result is that the government is now trying to put the blame on the people who elected it, not the people themselves."
"The company said it had a \"very good track record \"of delivering on its promises, but it was still struggling."
"It's a long way from the big cities of the south and west, where people live and work, and where the government is trying to keep them."
"The number of people who have been told they cannot come to the UK is growing, with more than 1 million people in the UK currently living abroad."
"\"We've got to make sure we have the resources we need to get the best possible outcome for the people who have been affected,\" he said."
"I don't know what he's going to do, but I think he's going to be a really good player."
"\"If you look at the record, it's a record that's been in the studio for a while,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we've got a strong team and we've got a lot of young players,\" he said."
"The report said the Government had been \"extremely clear \"about the need for more funding for mental health services, and that the Government would be \"extremely careful \"about the amount of money it would spend."
"The new rules will be announced on Wednesday, and it is expected to be a big win for the city's planning department."
"He said: \"I think it's a good thing that we're in the Champions League, because we've got a great squad."
"The government has also said it will not be able to use the money to pay for the housing crisis, which has affected more than 1. 5 million people."
"\"We are not going to take any chances, we are going to keep on winning and we have to win every game,\" he said."
"\"I am not going to say anything until we have a better understanding of what is going on,\" she said."
"The court heard that the man's wife was not present at the time of the alleged attack, but was in a relationship with the victim."
"The other two were not taken seriously, the court heard, and the third was not seriously injured."
"The deal is a big win for the company, which has been under pressure from the European Commission over its handling of the issue."
"\"The biggest problem is that we're not in the business of creating jobs,\" he said."
"The couple's two children, aged eight and 11, were also among those injured in the attack."
"In the past year, the number of people who have lost a job has increased from 1. 6 million to 2. 1 million."
"The club's board has been told it cannot make any decisions until the matter is fully investigated."
"The two- year- old was found by his mother, who said she had been playing with him for a few days."
"The government's response was to send a letter to the Home Office saying it would be \"more than happy \"to discuss the matter with the Home Office."
"The majority of the population is still very young, and we have to work hard to get them back to school."
"In a letter to the Home Secretary, he said:'I have no doubt that the Government will take a strong stance against any attempt by any party to impose any form of immigration controls on Scotland."
"It is also the first time in the history of the project that a player has been named in the top 10 in the first 10 games of a season."
"He is not the first player to make a similar mistake, but it is a reminder of how much more difficult it can be to handle a ball in the air."
"\"I don't know what's going to happen next week, but I'll just keep working hard,\" he said."
"I think the people who are doing this are really good people, they are really good people who are doing this because they know what they're doing."
"In the past, he said, he has always been a \"good friend \"to his wife, who is now his wife's husband."
"The only thing I can say is that it's a very special day for me and my family."
"The team has to be able to tell a story, and if it's not, then we're not going to be able to tell it."
"The city of Aleppo, Syria's second largest city, has been divided between government and rebel forces since the start of the war."
"\"I think he's a very good player and I think he's going to be a very good player for the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The two men, who are now in a stable condition, will be sent to a hospital in a stable condition with no further information."
"\"I'm not saying that I don't think it's a good idea to have a little bit of diversity,\" he said."
"The people of the country that we love have a right to know, and I'm sure they will be very grateful for that."
"The company's shares rose more than 3% to $ 24. 30 on Wednesday after the announcement of a $ 1. 5 billion investment in the company."
"The other thing I've noticed is that the people who have been through that have been very happy with their lives."
"The Government is trying to keep the UK's borders open to migrants from the EU who want to enter the country but have not been able to do so."
"\"I don't know if it's the best time to be a parent, but I'm going to try to do everything I can to help,\" she said."
"We're not going to give up on this, but it's important to keep in mind that the game is not over until the end of the season."
"\"The thing I've always had in my head is that I can do everything,\" he said."
"\"If you are not prepared to do something, you are not prepared to be a leader,\" he said."
"It is not clear whether the two men are related, and the couple have not been formally identified."
"\"I'm not going to be able to afford it, so I'm going to have to make some changes,\" he said."
"\"If you're going to be in a position where you're going to be able to do something, then you have to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The group's chairman, Chris Cox, said: \"We have a lot of people who have been to the Olympics and it is a great honour to be here."
"The following year, he was sent to prison for a year and a half, and he was released in 2012."
"\"I don't know what he's going to do next, but he's going to be out there,\" he said."
"The move comes after the European Central Bank said it was unlikely that the bloc could raise its benchmark rate until at least 2018."
"I have a lot of friends who are in their 20s and 30s, and they are all very interested in the future of the sport."
"The woman, who did not want to be named, said she was struck by the shock of seeing the pictures on the wall."
"The women are also accused of having sex with the men, and having sex with the women in the same way."
"It is a big problem for the government, and one that has been brought up in the debate over the future of the EU."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets since 2014, but the group has not been able to strike at U. S. targets since last year."
"But the whole point of this is that if you're going to have a child, you need to be able to handle it."
"The last time the state of emergency was extended was in January 2014, when it became a state offence to give money to a friend or family member."
"\"The fact that I was able to play that game for the first time in my career is really special,\" he said."
"The move is a win for the government, which has been struggling with its finances and is now trying to attract more money."
"The two men, aged 27 and 28, were arrested in the early hours of Wednesday morning and charged with possession of a weapon in the commission of a crime."
"The other thing I'd like to see is that we get some of the older players and some of the younger players to come in and play and make some of the younger players feel better."
"\"I'm not going to be the one to say, \"You know what, I'm not going to be the one to say, \"You can't do this,\" \"he said."
"The reason is that the people who are in charge of the NHS are not going to be able to deliver it."
"\"I think it's a really good thing to have a conversation about the things that we're doing,\" he said."
"\"It's important to remember that the only way to prevent this from happening is to put a stop to it,\" he said."
"I think that the reason I was able to do that was because I was a man, and I was a man of my word."
"The first thing you need to do is to see if you can get the job done in the first place."
"\"I am not saying it's a bad thing to do, but I am saying it's important to do it,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been in the labour market for more than two years has increased by more than a third in the past 12 months, according to a report by the Bank of England."
"It's not just the amount of money you're getting, but the amount of time you spend on it."
"The paper says the president- elect's transition team has been informed of the report's findings and will be meeting with the White House next week."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do in the world of sport,\" he said."
"We have a lot of people in the community who are not able to afford to pay for it, and we have a lot of people who have lost their homes."
"The two- year- old girl's mother, who has been in contact with the boy since the incident, said she was shocked by the news."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to come back and play better,\" he said."
"\"It's not just a matter of time, it's a matter of the game,\" he said."
"We've got to make sure that we have a good team and we've got to be ready to go, but we're not ready yet."
"The idea is that if you have a choice of spending your money on things that are not really important to you, you can't spend it on things that are."
"\"I think the most important thing is to get the ball rolling and get the right play in the right way,\" he said."
"The average age of the men and women in the study was 35, and the average age of the men and women in the study was 35. 3 years."
"The number of people who are able to access the service is down from the previous year, the company said."
"I'm going to have to get used to it, but I'm not going to let myself get caught up in the things that are going on."
"The new rules are meant to help the industry grow faster and avoid the uncertainty of a potential Brexit, he said."
"\"I think the best thing we can do is to make sure the best people are in the best places,\" he said."
"It's a big team and we're going to have to play a lot of quality football and we need to be ready for that."
"The couple had two children together, but the couple had to leave their home and go to a nearby hospital for treatment."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested by police on Thursday and is being treated in hospital."
"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this again, because it's a long time."
"\"I was like, \"You know, I'm going to give you a big thank you,\" \"she said."
"The researchers said the findings could help develop better screening and treatment options for patients with the condition, which affects up to half of the world's population."
"The figures also show that the number of people who have lost their jobs in the last year has risen by 17 per cent compared to the previous year."
"\"I am not in the mood for a fight, I am in the mood for a win,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a surprise, but it's a big surprise."
"The U. S. government says it is investigating the allegations, and a U. N. panel is due to review the matter."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 7 percent on Wednesday, while shares of Apple fell by nearly 1. 5 percent."
"The government's own statistics show the number of deaths from drug- related injuries fell by more than half in the past 12 months."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were announced last week, will apply to all members of the public, but not to those who have not yet registered to vote."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition has increased from 1. 3 million in 2011 to 2. 1 million in 2015."
"I think the biggest difference between the two is that they are not only a family, but also a family that is in a family."
"The first time I went to the hospital, I was in a car with a guy who had been shot."
"The figure is a bit higher than the 6. 6 per cent that economists have been expecting, but still well below the 6 per cent that economists had expected."
"The idea is that you can't just be a normal person in a world where you can't be anything other than yourself."
"\"It's the only way to keep the house safe, and I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"It's going to be a very tough game for us and it's going to be a very tough game for the rest of the country,\" he said."
"The new rules will come into force on 1 January, but the Government has said they will be rolled back in the event of a Brexit vote."
"The study found that the higher the cost of a new car, the more likely it was that a car would be stolen."
"\"We are not going to let the Russians take over the world,\" he said, adding that the United States was prepared to use force if necessary."
"I can't say I'm happy with the way the game is played but I'm happy with the way the game is played."
"I've got to keep my head down and I'm not going to be able to do that."
"If you look at the first four years of the game, it was a lot of work, but now we're starting to see a lot of progress."
"In a statement, the airline said it was \"pleased \"by the findings and was \"pleased \"by the new data, which it said showed that the number of passengers travelling on the journey was down."
"It's a great game, but it's not a game I'm proud of, and I think it's a great game for the fans."
"\"We are not going to put the blame on the government,\" said the official, who did not want to be named."
"The group, which has been in a three- year- long dispute over the project, has been told by the city that the city is not interested in the project."
"It's not just about the first two games, it's about the whole year, and it's a good thing to get the first two games."
"\"I was just in shock, but I just kept thinking it was a dream come true,\" she said."
"The fact is that we have to do it all over again, and I am confident that we can do it again."
"\"We are not going to let him go,\" Trump said of the billionaire businessman, who is now running for president."
"The first thing I want to say to my family, is that I'm sorry I made this mistake."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we have to keep our focus on the big games,\" he said."
"I think it's a shame that we're not in a position to make the most of the opportunities we've created."
"We don't have a clear plan for what we're going to do in the next six months, but we're going to try to do everything we can to help people."
"The government has said that it will increase the number of people who can apply for asylum in the country, but the number of people who can't is still very small."
"It is a great place to be, but it is not the place to be if you are not a professional."
"\"I have to say that I'm not a fan of the idea that a woman can be a leader,\" she said."
"I would like to think that if you were to take a look at the data and look at the results, you would see that the people who are most affected are those who have had a negative experience."
"I don't think we have a good enough team to go out there and win games and that's what we're going to do."
"He said: \"I am absolutely determined to continue to work with the Government on this matter and I will continue to do so."
"The company said it would also be making more than $ 1 billion in revenue in the next five years, and it expects to generate about $ 1 billion in revenue in the next five years."
"It's not like we're going to be able to take care of ourselves, so we're going to have to go out and do what we can to help."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has been investigating the alleged Russian hacking of Democratic Party organizations, including the Democratic National Committee, for months."
"I think the biggest thing that's going to happen is that we're going to see a lot more people who are going to be able to do that."
"The video, which has been viewed more than 10, 000 times, is being watched more than 1. 5 million times and has been viewed more than 4, 000 times on Facebook."
"The last time I was in the squad, I didn't have a single game to play because I was playing in a big game."
"I've been there before, and I've been there in the past, and I think we're going to be a very good team."
"He said he had been \"very surprised \"to learn of the incident and was \"very upset \"by the comments made by Mr Davies."
"\"The vast majority of the people who have been affected by this have been working people, they are the most vulnerable in society,\" she said."
"The U. S. and its allies are bombing Islamic State targets in Syria, and the U. N. Security Council has approved a resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire."
"\"I have to say, I'm not surprised that they're making a deal with a company that's not going to pay me,\" he said."
"\"It's not just a question of how much you can afford,\" he said, \"but how much you can afford to pay for it."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing for the government to have a discussion about it,\" he said."
"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it,\" \"she said."
"The Prime Minister has been on a two- day visit to China and will be in the country on Thursday to meet with Chinese President Xi."
"\"It's a very good thing to have a good relationship with your partner,\" he said."
"I think that's why I'm here, because I want to show the world that I'm not only a strong leader, I'm a strong person."
"We've had a lot of pressure on us this year, we've had a lot of injuries and we've had a lot of injuries on the field, so we've got to take care of ourselves."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of the morning, and the victim was taken to a local hospital where she was treated for minor injuries."
"It's a shame they've lost because they've been a great team and I'm not sure they'll be able to do that again."
"The company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent at $ 30. 46 on Wednesday, while its shares were down 1. 3 per cent at $ 30. 46."
"It's not just that I'm a mother, I'm also a father, and I know how much it's meant to me."
"\"It's a lot easier to go to a place like New York, but you have to be careful,\" he said."
"It is a difficult job but I have to be very careful, I have to be very careful about my body, I have to be very careful about my mouth and my hair."
"The man's mother, who did not want to be named, said:'I don't know what happened but I was really shocked."
"We're not going to be able to get into the game until we're out of the game, and then we have to win games to get into the playoffs."
"\"I think we have got a problem with the way we're playing the game,\" he said."
"I think the best thing to do is to get in the game and do what we've been doing all year long."
"\"I'm not going to go into it and say, \"You know what? It's not going to be a good game."
"The company's shares fell 0. 7 per cent to $ 9. 60 on Tuesday, the biggest day for a major U. S. stock exchange since the company announced its plans in March."
"The men, who were arrested at the scene, were taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where they are now in a stable condition."
"The former prime minister has also been critical of the EU's stance on migration, saying the bloc has failed to deal with the problem."
"\"We are going to make a decision on the next president and I'm going to make a decision on the next president,\" he said."
"The problem is that there's no way to know what the consequences are for the entire community if they don't get the treatment they need."
"The government says it wants to make sure that the UK's biggest banks can afford to pay for the new infrastructure."
"In the past, the city's government has been accused of not doing enough to help refugees who have fled the violence in Syria and Iraq."
"I think it's important to give a little bit of time to the kids who are in the early stages of development."
"The team is also preparing to take over the top spot in the Premier League table after a disappointing season."
"The president- elect has already made clear he wants to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border."
"I don't know if it's a new one or if the last one was a little bit different."
"I think we've got to be a bit more patient and we have to be more aggressive in the way we play and that's the key to this team."
"\"I'm not saying that I'm going to give up my job, I'm not saying that I'm going to give up my career,\" he said."
"The figures are the latest in a series of figures released by the agency in its annual report on the economy."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to be very disappointed,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if the new rules would be effective."
"We're not saying that's the way it should be, but I think it's the right thing to do."
"\"I don't want to be in the middle of the street, I'm not going to be in the middle of the road,\" he said."
"The first was the Bank of England's decision to cut its benchmark interest rate from a record low of 1. 75 per cent to 0. 50 per cent."
"We have to win the game, we have to win the cup, we have to win the league, we have to win the cup, we have to win the league, and we have to win the cup."
"The question is whether it's enough to convince the public to pay attention to the matter, or whether it's enough to make the problem go away."
"It's a great place to be, and it's a great time to be a Celtic fan, especially if you're from the south."
"\"I've been in a lot of situations where you're in a situation where you're not playing,\" he said."
"The situation is different now because we have a new manager and we have a new manager who is a new manager, so we have to make sure we are ready to play."
"The former Manchester United manager is now the manager of the club's first- team, and youth- side, under- 20s."
"The U. S. State Department said on Monday that it had received \"no response \"from the Russian government."
"\"I think it's important for us to understand that the first thing we need to do is to make sure that we are going to get this done,\" he said."
"I have to say, I've had a lot of people ask me what I think of the whole thing."
"The report said that in the past 10 years, the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV has increased by more than 10 per cent."
"The company has said it will cut its workforce by half in the next three years to make room for the new staff."
"\"The people who work in these industries are the ones who have to pay the bills,\" he said."
"I can't tell you how many times I've been on the phone with my dad, who's a very nice guy."
"The source added that the decision to have the same number of women in the Cabinet was made after the first round of talks in January."
"The company said it had been working with the police to identify the suspect, and that it would not be releasing any further information until it had been reviewed."
"The pair have been married for 25 years and have two children, aged eight and nine."
"The first of these is the man's daughter, who is currently in a care home and is not expected to be able to attend."
"But it is not clear whether the company will change its approach, which will be discussed in a separate meeting in January."
"I don't know what happened, but I think it was a good thing for him to come back and play."
"\"I think it's important that we make sure that we have a plan for the future,\" he said."
"The president has not yet made a decision on whether to call the referendum, but he is likely to do so in the coming days."
"It was a big win for us and we had a really good start, but we lost the last two games and we lost the last two games in the league."
"\"The amount of time I have been away from my family has been incredible,\" she said, adding that she was \"shocked \"by the news."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what we're doing, what we're doing in the United States, and what we're doing in Europe,\" he said."
"The UK government has been criticised for not taking more action to tackle the problem, after a survey showed that only 28% of people in the UK were aware of the problem."
"I'm not sure how many people have gone to the police and had their information taken away, but I'm sure it's a big problem."
"\"I'm not going to say I don't like him but he's got a lot of talent and I know he's going to be good for us,\" he said."
"He added: \"I'm not going to lie, I didn't expect this to happen."
"The most recent data from the agency shows a drop in the number of people who say they are not able to afford their mortgage."
"\"It's a very difficult thing, especially in the last couple of weeks,\" said the 32- year- old."
"The Government is now set to announce plans to build a new airport, which will be built on the site of the former Royal Mail station."
"If the government is to get the balance right, it will need to be able to get the balance right in the next parliament."
"The first thing that comes to mind is that I'm not a bad guy, I'm just not a good guy."
"The reason I'm here is because I want to help people, because I want to help people get better, because I want to help people get better."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, but I do think that it's a really good thing,\" he said."
"The European Union's single market is the single biggest barrier to the free movement of people and goods across Europe."
"The number of people who have been denied access to care has risen by more than a third since the Government introduced the scheme in April."
"The United States, which is the world's largest economy, has been the target of attacks by Islamic State militants since the group seized the city in 2014."
"The company is also offering a $ 1 million reward to anyone who helps find the missing man or woman."
"The government has said that the new measures will help reduce the number of deaths, but the number of people dying in hospital has been increasing."
"The state's unemployment rate fell to its lowest level since February, the first time since March that it has lost more than half its jobs."
"It's a shame that we're not playing better this year and we're not playing better than we did last year."
"It is an idea that has been around for a while, but has never really been considered in the context of the modern world."
"I have a lot of friends who have been in the business for years, and they are all very happy."
"The U. S. economy grew 0. 4 percent in the first quarter of 2016, the fastest pace in nearly a decade."
"\"I think the good thing about the past is that it's a little bit different now,\" he said."
"The report says that the number of people who have been in contact with the charity has increased by more than 50% since the start of 2015."
"The driver, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital for treatment and was later released."
"I'm not going to take anything for granted, but I will be ready for it."
"The average age of the men who were involved in the attack was 45, while the women were 45 and 50."
"He's the one who's been doing the talking for a long time, and I'm not going to get him."
"\"I've had a lot of conversations with the guys, I've been on a couple of occasions, and I'm very happy to have them,\" he said."
"The State Department's official spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the case."
"The Prime Minister's spokesman said the government was committed to making sure that the UK remained in the single market and that the UK remained a member of the European Union."
"I think it's important that we get the ball in the right place and that we make the right decisions in the right situation."
"The U. S. Federal Reserve is also investigating whether the Fed has been too slow to raise interest rates."
"I'm just so proud of the team that's been here for a long time and I'm just excited to be here and hopefully the boys can get a chance to play at the World Cup."
"\"The reason we're seeing this is because the American people are not getting the information that they need,\" he said."
"\"We've got to be able to find the right balance between the needs of the individual, the needs of the community and the needs of the organization,\" he said."
"\"The best way to get a good idea of what the situation is is to go to a local authority,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 12 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"It's a big deal to me, because I've been in the business since I was a kid, and I've been in the business for a long time."
"\"We are not going to make the same mistakes that we did when we were in the Premier League,\" he said."
"\"I can't say that I'm surprised by it, but I'm not surprised by it,\" he said."
"It's not like I'm a big fan of the whole thing, but I'm going to try and get my hands on it."
"It is not a bad thing to have your head in the sand, but I think it is important to be prepared for it."
"The study found that people who had a high level of self- awareness were more likely to use social media in the past year."
"He's a very good player and I'm not going to be surprised if he gets a chance to play."
"I think it's a really important part of the game, it's a big part of the game and it's going to be a big part of the game."
"The company's stock is down nearly 20 percent in the past week, but it's still trading at a healthy $ 9. 18."
"The Rams have a chance to win the Super Bowl this year and that's what they're going to do."
"The Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, which has been a focus of protests, has been a critical stage for the Clinton campaign."
"But the UK's ruling Conservative government has said it will not accept a deal that would see the UK's border with the EU frozen."
"I have a lot of respect for him, he's a great guy and I'm sure he'll be a big part of this team."
"\"I think the best thing that can be done is to try to get a better understanding of what it is that's happening,\" he said."
"I think it's a big step in the right direction and I'm looking forward to getting back to work and doing it again."
"The idea of having a baby is a very personal thing for me, and I don't want to be the one who does it."
"I was really happy that I got to see the world through a different perspective, that I wasn't just a person."
"\"I don't know how it's going to turn out,\" he said, adding that he had no idea what was going to happen next."
"It's not the first time that the government has been accused of corruption, but it is the first time that it has been accused of being a victim of a crime."
"\"I was so nervous because it was a very short flight, but I was so nervous that I thought I would never get there,\" he said."
"The pair have been in a relationship for a decade, dating back to the age of 13."
"The problem is that the government's commitment to the Paris agreement is not enough to keep up with the growing number of refugees and migrants."
"\"I've got a lot of friends that are in the same boat, and they've all been here before,\" he said."
"\"I think it's really important for us to be able to make a case for what we believe in,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it had received a report from the FBI about the theft of more than $ 1 million."
"The first thing we did was to get our own rooms, which we did for a couple of weeks."
"The same was true for the UK's unemployment rate, which fell to its lowest level since the early 1990s."
"The prime minister has been clear that he will not be voting for the first choice of the next prime minister."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a team that's able to really focus on what they're doing,\" he said."
"\"I am not saying that I don't have a great relationship with Donald Trump, but I don't think he is the right person for the job,\" he said."
"\"We're a small team, so it's not like we have to worry about the big games,\" he said."
"The Labour leader has pledged to fight for a \"better deal \"for the working class, with the aim of putting an end to the \"broken promises \"about how the economy works."
"The company's shares rose on the news, with shares trading at $ 6. 28 in early trading on Tuesday."
"The next day, he was arrested on suspicion of being an officer and taken to the Royal Perth Hospital for treatment."
"I don't know what the hell he is doing, but he's got to be in a good place to play."
"\"We are very proud of the way we have won the league and we will continue to do so,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to say it's a bad thing, but I don't want to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"He said the UK would have to work out how to deal with the new rules in order to achieve the \"full range \"of benefits."
"\"I'm not sure if I'd want to be in the situation where I'm going to be on my own,\" he said."
"It's a big thing to be able to say you've got a good performance and you're going to do something different."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been treated for mental health issues has risen by nearly half since 2009."
"I don't know if it was a good idea to have that last one, but I'm not going to go to the next one."
"But I also know that it's a very different game, and it's a very different game from last year, where we were a bit disappointed."
"He added:'I was so nervous because I didn't know what to expect, but then I realised I had a child and I had a boyfriend."
"\"I don't know if it's a real issue or not,\" she said in an interview with the BBC."
"The company said it had made \"significant progress \"in the last two years, but was still struggling to find a balance."
"\"We have to be prepared to deal with the situation and make sure we get the best possible response from the community,\" he said."
"The first thing I'd say is, \"I don't want to see you, I don't want to hear you, I don't want to see you."
"The group has already had a strong response from customers and staff, and the company says it will continue to work with them to improve customer service."
"In the first half of the season, they were the best team in the league and they were the only team that won the title."
"\"I've got to be honest with you, I'm not sure I'm ready to be a captain,\" he said."
"The government has said it wants to use the money to help refugees in the refugee camps, but it has not yet agreed on how much."
"\"I think the reason I'm here is because I have been through a lot of things,\" he said."
"The investigation will focus on whether there was a breach of security at the company's offices in London."
"\"If you're a fan of the show, you'll be happy to know that I'm not a fan of the show,\" he said."
"The state's attorney general has said that it is investigating the murder of a pregnant woman in a park in the town of Flint."
"It's not like I'm going to be able to go to the airport and pick up my passport and go back to my family."
"The company's shares rose 2. 2 per cent to $ 6. 34 in afternoon trading after the company announced it would halt production at the plant."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work,\" he said."
"\"The only way to make sure that we're not going to see these kinds of things again is to put a stop to it,\" he said."
"\"I am going to try to stay out of the way and not go too far,\" he said."
"If the whole thing is going to be a disaster, then it is going to be a disaster for the industry, and that's what we're trying to do."
"The public has the right to know what is being done and to make informed decisions about the future of the program."
"The only way to do this is to get rid of the country's largest single- source of pollution, the World Health Organization said."
"It's not about the money, it's about the people who are going to be in the next generation."
"I've had to work hard to get where I am today and I've got to work hard to get back where I was before."
"\"I don't know if he was in a car, or if he was in a vehicle at the time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a guy who's going to sit in a room and say I'm going to don'thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I wanted to do was get a sense of what was going on in the world and what was going to happen in the next couple of months."
"If you're a white male and you're reading this, I'm going to tell you that I'm not going to tell you what to do."
"It's a big opportunity for us to be able to provide more value to the club and we will look to do that."
"I'm going to be the first woman to do it, and I'm going to be the first woman to have a woman's voice in the White House."
"\"I've never seen him take a shot like that and he's not going to be able to do it again,\" he said."
"The union said the change will make it easier for workers to get paid sick days, but that it will be a \"major step \"for the company."
"The Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on Wednesday night, in a big- room event that will be a big draw for Clinton, was a big night for Sanders."
"We're going to work with the administration to make sure that we're making sure that we're making sure we're providing the best possible services."
"\"I think I would like to see a lot more of that in the future, but at the moment I'm not really interested,\" he said."
"If the people who are going to be in charge of the NHS are not really people who are going to be able to make decisions on the NHS, then the NHS is going to fail."
"\"We have a great team and we have a lot of talented players, and we have a lot of depth,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state's campaign, which has raised $ 7. 5 million in the last two weeks, has said it will not be able to raise money on its own."
"The number of people who are in the hospital with a serious condition is increasing, but we don't know how long they will survive."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get the best out of him and hopefully he can be a good player for us."
"If you are going to do something like this, you have to be careful with the words and the words don't match."
"The researchers said the study was the first to show that a person's risk of dying from heart disease was significantly reduced when they were exposed to a diet rich in sugar."
"We are going to have to be very careful about what we say about the future of the EU and the future of the UK."
"He said: \"We've got a lot of people in the business who are not happy with the way the business is going."
"The couple, who are married, have been in a relationship for a decade and have two young children."
"\"I don't think there's anything wrong with that, but I'm not going to say that's what the game is about,\" he said."
"The video shows a man sitting on the ground and a woman lying on the ground, with the man holding a gun."
"The number of people who have had to leave their homes has increased by more than a third in the past year, according to the report."
"\"The truth is, there are so many people who have been killed in this war that we don't know how many,\" he said."
"The government has been unable to find the money to pay for the hospital, which is being built in the heart of the city, the report said."
"We're not sure if he'll play at the end of the season, but he's a very good player."
"I've been playing a lot of games and I'm just trying to get better every week."
"It's been a tough couple of weeks for me and I'm really enjoying my time here in the summer."
"It's not a long- term fix, but it's a good thing to have a new manager in the team."
"It's not a bad thing to have to worry about, but you've got to keep your head up and do what you're told."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who don't understand that,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was working with the French authorities to determine the cause of the accident."
"\"It's a pretty big job and it's not going to be easy, but it's a job that's worth it,\" he said."
"\"I think the truth is that I've got a lot of work to do,\" he said, adding that he'd like to play in the playoffs."
"\"I think he's a very good player and he's got a lot of experience, so I think he's going to be a very good player,\" he said."
"The study's authors, from the University of California, San Diego, and the University of California, Los Angeles, said they were surprised by the finding."
"He was the only one who had ever been able to make it to the stage where he could be considered for the role."
"\"I'm not a big fan of the idea of a third party, but I think there are a lot of people that are in the same boat,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to let the government down,\" he told the crowd, adding that he would be \"very proud \"of the result."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer in the past year has fallen by more than half, according to a new report."
"The jury was told that the woman, who was in her late 20s, had been drinking with the man who had attacked her."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be able to do everything that I can,\" he said."
"\"I was very surprised by the way the team played,\" said the former England captain, who has been with the club since the 1990s."
"I think it's important to understand that the only way to be successful in the sport is to win."
"\"I don't think that's a problem that we're going to have to deal with,\" he said."
"But it's not just about the money, it's about the culture, the people, the people that are there, and we are going to make a difference."
"\"I don't know what the next five years will be like,\" he said, adding that he was \"just trying to get back to normal \"and \"keep my head up \"as he continued to recover."
"The majority of the time, we were able to get away with it, but we didn't have the confidence to go out and play our game."
"\"I've been a good coach for a long time and I'm not sure how much longer I can play,\" he said."
"The government has promised to take back control of the country's nuclear resources, but that hasn't happened."
"The research found that only about half of the people who had been diagnosed with the disease had a family history of the disorder."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion from investors, including U. S. and Chinese investors, and was looking to raise more than $ 5 billion more in the second half of 2015."
"\"I'm not sure how to describe it, but it's like a very emotional thing to do,\" he said."
"The next day, the president- elect's team sent out a tweet saying that he would be \"very disappointed \"if the FBI didn't follow through on its request for information."
"The problem is, I'm not sure I can do it myself, so I'm not sure I can do it to the extent that I would like to."
"\"We are not in the business of making money off people's backs,\" he said."
"The paper says it has already been contacted by more than 300 people who have been affected, with more than 200 of them being contacted by the government."
"The government's announcement that it would cut off funding to the NHS in England is a blow to the NHS, which has been struggling to cope with the growing numbers of people with mental health problems."
"The first thing I'd like to say is that I'm sorry to hear this, but I've got a very bad stomach."
"In the US, the average age of the first time a female voter is asked to vote is 25, which is the lowest age group for a woman to be eligible to vote."
"The couple, who have two children, were married for a period of time, and have three children, aged 14, 13 and 10."
"The report also found that the number of people using the service dropped from 3. 5 million in 2015 to 2. 1 million in 2016."
"He said he was \"very disappointed \"that the company would not be able to offer a replacement for the $ 3 million he had been saving for."
"\"I think it is a good thing to have a clear idea of what you want to do and what you are looking for in a project,\" he says."
"But we're not going to be able to get the ball out of his hands and we're not going to be able to get the ball out of his hands and we're not going to be able to get the ball out of his hands"
"I think the reason I started this campaign was because I wanted to be a part of a movement that was going to change the world."
"The jury is still out on whether the pair were ever charged, but the trial is expected to take place in June."
"\"If you are going to have a conversation about immigration, you have to have a conversation about the economy, about trade, about trade deals,\" he said."
"He was a very good player and a very good player for us and he was always going to be one of the better players in the world."
"I've been to the Olympics in the past, and I've seen the Olympics, but I don't see it as a major event."
"But the one thing that is clear, and I'm sure many of you will be aware of, is that we are not the only country in Europe that has a problem with immigration."
"The UK's top court has ruled that the government's Brexit plan is not a \"fair deal \"and that it must pay for the costs of leaving the EU."
"\"We have to take a look at what's going on in the world and what's happening in the world of football,\" he said."
"We're going to have a very tough time if we don't get the deal done and we're going to have to have a very tough time with the new president."
"\"I'm sure there will be some people who will be upset and some people who will be disappointed,\" he said."
"The pair have been married for 16 years and have two children together, aged five and six."
"But I don't think that's the case, because it's not the case that I know the person that I'm talking to."
"I think we have to be very careful about what we say in the media and what we say in our own community and that's what we're going to do."
"The former England and Wales captain, who has not played a competitive match since the Six Nations, said:'I think I've got a lot of confidence in myself and I've got to give it everything."
"I've had a lot of people say to me, \"You know what, you're not going to be able to make it in the next couple of years."
"The charity said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision to remove the video from the website."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 50% since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"We've got to do our jobs,\" he said, \"and I think that's what we're going to have to do."
"The next day, the Department of Health and the Health Secretary announced a \u00a3 2. 5 billion package of measures to help prevent the spread of the disease."
"The last time I went to the store I was in the middle of the night and I was in the store for 10 hours and I didn't even know what to do."
"\"I think it's the first time I've ever been asked about my thoughts on a subject,\" he says."
"\"It's not a question of whether you're going to win or lose,\" he said."
"If you're a parent, you're going to be able to see a little bit of the value in a child's life."
"The next day I was on my way to work and I was stopped by a police officer who asked me to come back."
"I was told that the next day, I'd be back at work, so I was happy."
"The government has already said it will not raise taxes on the wealthy, but the new tax will be imposed on those who earn more than \u00a3 50, 000."
"The FBI has not released the names of the four men, who are all believed to be from Syria, but said they are all believed to be from Syria."
"\"The most important thing is to be able to get the right person in the right place at the right time,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 4 percent on Wednesday, and its shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent on Wednesday, but they were down 1. 9 percent on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 4. 3 percent, to $ 1. 23 in afternoon trading."
"The pair have been on a collision course since the UK voted to leave the European Union, and have been on the receiving end of abuse from the public."
"The company said it had not yet received a response from the government, but it was expected to receive one in the coming days."
"The deal would allow the company to pay the full cost of its operations in the United States and Canada, the company said in a statement."
"The company said it would have to pay the $ 1. 5 million in fines and fees to the state and federal governments."
"The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, a medical journal that covers the medical community."
"He said the two- year- old had been in a relationship for a few months and was \"very upset \"about the relationship."
"We're not going to take anything away from him, we're not going to take anything away from anybody else."
"\"I don't know what he's doing, but he's been there for a long time, and it's not good,\" he said."
"\"It's a tough road to get to but I'm really excited to be here and hopefully I can get a good result,\" he said."
"The report, which was published in June, says the government's decision to cut the number of children in care has been driven by a lack of funding."
"He said: \"I'm not sure what I'm doing is right, but I'm doing it because I'm the only one who can."
"I've never seen this before and I'm going to have to do everything I can to make sure it's not the same."
"But it's also important to remember that we are not all in the same boat, and that it is not just about the money."
"The new law, passed by the state Assembly on Tuesday, allows for the state to take any action it feels is necessary to protect the rights of others."
"The same can be said for the Brexit vote, which has been dominated by the EU referendum, which has been dominated by the vote to leave."
"I am very proud of the fact that I have been able to get my name out there and I have to do a good job."
"\"I am not going to be in the position where I'm not going to be able to help the team,\" she said."
"It was a very nice day, I was happy with the way the weather was going and I'm happy to be here."
"We're not going to go out and do something that we're going to be happy about."
"We've got a lot of great players in the squad, but it's a big club and we need a lot of players."
"\"We're in a very good position, we're in a very strong position, we have a strong team,\" he said."
"\"I think that's the most important thing to do, and that's what I'll be doing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if they're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"We are going to be able to see the results of the Brexit vote in the UK,\" he said."
"The second half of last season was very good and we had a good game, but we were not able to get the result we wanted."
"The last time the price of oil fell in a straight line was in 2009- 10, when it fell from $ 46. 70 to $ 46. 70 a barrel."
"The agency said the number of people using it increased from 1. 5 million last year to 2. 6 million this year."
"\"I think it's a really important thing to do,\" he said, \"because it's the most important thing in the world."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say: \"This is what I want to do, this is what I want to do,\" \"he said."
"The public will have to be informed about the risks and benefits of using cannabis, and the risks and benefits of using cannabis in the treatment of anxiety."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to compete in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"\"I have to be careful, I have to be careful with the money, I have to be careful with the people I'm dealing with,\" he said."
"I'd like to see more of the same, but I don't see it happening as quickly as it should."
"\"We have a great team and we have a great manager, and we have a great team in the dressing room,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, their biggest drop in more than a year."
"\"I don't know if there's any question that he's a better player than I thought he would be,\" he said."
"He said he had been waiting for a job in the factory for a year and had only been offered a job as a passenger."
"The first time I saw him, he was on the floor and I was like, \"You know what?"
"I've been working hard to get back to where I want to be and I'm looking forward to getting back on track."
"The UK is the only EU country that does not recognise same- sex marriage and the Government is currently considering a bill that would allow same- sex couples to be married."
"The most important thing is to understand that you are not alone and that you are not alone, but you are in a situation where you need to be."
"The government has also pledged to raise the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 by 2020, with a further \u00a3 10 by 2020 for those earning less than \u00a3 15 per hour."
"\"I'm going to do everything I can to help the team win, and I'm going to be the guy to do that,\" he said."
"I've had to do that in the past, but I've been able to do it again this year."
"The problem is that this is not a new phenomenon, but it has been a long time coming."
"\"I am not surprised that you are now saying that you have no interest in the debate,\" she said."
"I think we need to be very careful in our approach to the question of what the state of the economy is going to be."
"\"I've been on the road for a long time, and I've had to go through a lot of things,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything for the next four years,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how many people have come here to see me, but I have no doubt that I am the best in the world,\" she said."
"We are a very small club, so we are not going to be able to do anything like this."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the company has lost any money,\" he said."
"We're going to try and keep the momentum going and keep the momentum going and we're going to win games like that."
"The US has not been able to find any evidence to support the claim that the attack was carried out by a group linked to Al- Qaeda."
"\"The way he is playing now, he's not going to be a very good player,\" said the manager."
"\"We've got a lot of good players in the squad and we've got to make sure we get them in and out of the game,\" he said."
"\"I don't think the people who are going to be in the White House for a long time will be the people who will be in the White House for a long time,\" she said."
"The numbers are still down from the previous quarter, but are still down from the same quarter a year ago, when the number of people with a disability was down by about one million."
"The United States, Japan, South Korea and the Philippines all have nuclear weapons, but the United States is not in the military."
"The poll found that 47 percent of likely voters said they would vote for a Republican in the general election, compared with 38 percent who thought the same."
"The company's shares have fallen almost 20 per cent in the past year, and the company's stock has lost more than 20 per cent of its value in the past year."
"The country's unemployment rate was 0. 9 per cent in February, the highest since July 2009, when it was 0. 9 per cent."
"It was a very positive thing for me to see him in that situation, and I'm very happy for him."
"\"I've had a lot of people say, \"You know what, you don't want to do it,\" \"she says."
"\"We are going to be able to do this in a very short period of time,\" he said."
"\"The fact that he's going to be able to play in the Super Bowl makes it a lot more exciting,\" said the Giants'offensive tackle."
"\"I don't think the government has done a good job of trying to protect the public,\" he said."
"\"It was a really good feeling to be able to go back in the game and play like that,\" he said."
"\"It's not that we don't care about the situation, we just want to be in a position where we can help,\" he said."
"I've always said that if you're a man, you're going to be a woman, and that's what I've been doing for the last three years."
"\"We have a lot of work to do, but we are going to do it,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 has fallen by more than half in the past 12 months, from 1. 3 million to 1. 9 million."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in the last year has dropped by a quarter, the report said."
"It is not clear how much the government will be able to raise in the current budget, although it could be more than the current rate of inflation."
"In the final year of his presidency, he has been a global leader, the world's most powerful man, and a global leader who has made the world a better place."
"But I think it's a really good idea to get a little more in touch with the people who are affected."
"The vast majority of people are still in the UK, and the UK is not the only country with a high proportion of people who are living abroad."
"I've been on a plane for a couple of years and I've been told that I can't go."
"I know I'm not the only one who's been affected, but I'm not the only one who's been affected."
"The latest data from the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services shows that the number of people who are diagnosed with cancer increased by an average of more than 10 percent in the past year."
"\"I've been through a lot of bad times, but I've never been one of those people that you have to be good at,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be the only one who's going to have to deal with it,\" he said."
"In the last few months, we've been seeing a lot of people that are coming to us and asking questions."
"I have to go back to school and I'm not sure how I can continue to do that."
"\"I've got a lot of things that are going to be important in the coming years,\" he said."
"\"We're going to make a decision, and I'm going to make a decision, but I'm going to make it clear,\" he said."
"I think the main thing is that you have to be ready to go, but also ready to go and when you get there, you have to be ready to go."
"The number of people in the country who have been in the UK for more than six months has increased by over a third since the Brexit vote."
"In the last few years, I've been able to work with a lot of different players and I've got a lot of experience."
"The three- year- old is now a registered nurse and has been on a waiting list for at least six months."
"I think we're all just trying to figure out what's going to happen and I think that's a good thing."
"The number of people who have died in the last year from cancer has increased by more than 40 per cent, the report said."
"\"I think the reality is that it's going to be a very difficult campaign,\" he said."
"\"I've got to tell you, I'm not going to sit here and say I don't want to win,\" he said."
"But it's not as if the company has been able to come up with a strategy to make its product more appealing to consumers."
"\"I don't know what happened to her, but I have to say, she was in the hospital with a serious injury,\" said the woman."
"The Republican nominee's campaign said in a statement that it is \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision to release the tape."
"The research was conducted by the University of Edinburgh, which is one of the UK's leading universities."
"\"I think it's important for the British people to know that the Government has a responsibility to ensure that the UK is a safe place for British citizens,\" he said."
"It's not a matter of where you go to school, it's a matter of where you get your education."
"The Government's annual report on the economy last year showed that the unemployment rate rose to 4. 6 per cent in April from 5. 5 per cent in March."
"He's been on the radar of a lot of people, but I think he's just got to keep his head up and keep working hard."
"The US has been pushing for a two- year extension of the ceasefire, which was agreed by both sides on Thursday."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I've been here for a few years and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced in the next few weeks, but it's still unclear when the final ones will be introduced."
"The new rules are designed to help ensure that companies that are not in the business of selling services to the public are not subject to the same restrictions."
"The first thing you should do is to get a professional in your life, and then you can start thinking about your career."
"The reason is simple: the more you know, the more you can learn, and the more you can be yourself, the more you can be a better person."
"We have a lot of good players in the squad, so we are not worried about them because we have players who are good players and we are not worried about them because we have players who are good players."
"\"The risk is that people will be able to do it without getting it checked out,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, their biggest day since the company's earnings report on Tuesday."
"It is a very difficult thing to do, but it is a very good thing to do and I have been very lucky to have been able to do it."
"The Government's plan to allow the UK to remain in the EU would be a blow to the UK economy and would be a blow to the European project."
"The report said the Government's new proposals will make it harder for women to access the services they need to make a difference to their lives."
"But it is the fact that he is now a man who is not afraid of the consequences that comes with being a man that makes me feel very, very, very, very, very, very, very sorry."
"The two- year- old was taken from the scene by police after she was found lying on the ground, a police spokeswoman said."
"But we are still in the process of building a new stadium and it is a very different atmosphere to what we have been used to."
"He said: \"I don't think we're going to be able to do it in the next few months."
"\"I have no idea what the plan is, I just want to be able to work with him,\" he said."
"The second quarter of 2016 saw a record $ 4. 6 billion in sales, up from $ 4. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The new report, which is based on data from the last four years, shows that the number of people aged over 65 has risen by 13 per cent over the last four years."
"It's a bit like trying to put a knife in a person's eye and they'll say \"I don't know what you're doing."
"He said: \"I would like to thank all the people who have helped me through this difficult time."
"The report said the average amount of time between when a person was killed and when they were released was 14 minutes."
"He was a young man who was involved in a car crash and was shot in the head, but he was not seriously injured."
"The head of the European Commission said the UK was a key ally in the fight against terrorism and that the EU had a duty to protect the rights of EU citizens."
"The survey found that a majority of people said they were concerned about the future of their family, friends and colleagues."
"\"We are going to be working with the government on this and we will make a decision on it soon,\" he said."
"It's not as if we're going to be able to do all the things we're capable of doing."
"The government has been working on a plan to reduce the number of people who may be able to apply for a visa to stay for six months."
"The company said it was not aware of any other cases of the virus spreading in the U. S. and would not comment further."
"\"I'm not going to be a guy who doesn't want to be a leader,\" he said."
"The poll also found that only 17 percent of voters said they would vote for Clinton over Trump if the election were held today."
"The government has said it wants to ensure that the law is followed and the public has the option of being able to buy a home."
"The study found that women who had a more active lifestyle and were more likely to take part in sports were more likely to be diagnosed with cancer."
"It's not just the people who have to worry about it, it's the whole country, and it's a very tough thing to do."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 2 percent in the third quarter of 2016, compared with a 0. 5 percent pace in the previous quarter."
"It is a good thing that we are able to work together and I think we have a good chance to win the title."
"The company is now facing a \u00a3 1 billion fine and a legal action from the government over its role in the leak."
"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I'm really proud of the people who have done it."
"But it's not just about what you do, it's about what you do in the real world, and that's what we're going to be doing."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very pleased with the result and I'm sure the players will be very happy."
"The big difference is that the $ 1. 2 billion in new revenue will come from the sale of the existing property."
"\"I am not a politician, I'm not a politician, I'm not a politician,\" he said, adding that he was not a \"pro- life \"conservative."
"The U. S. military has conducted airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria since last summer, the defense secretary said."
"The team is not sure what the result will be, but the team has been trying to build a relationship with the club."
"The new study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, looked at the number of people who were diagnosed with cancer at the end of 2015."
"The new rules are being introduced in a bid to boost the number of migrants who arrive in Europe by up to 1 million a year."
"But it's not just the government's responsibility to do this, it's the government's responsibility to make sure that the children are educated."
"The two- year- old boy was killed in the collision, while the three- year- old girl was taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"The 28- year- old is a key member of the Scottish National Party's executive committee and is also a member of the Scottish National Party's executive board."
"\"I want to make sure that we're not only talking about the Olympics, but also the next two years,\" he said."
"We have a lot of good players but it's important for us to keep going and keep improving and keep improving."
"We're going to take a look at the evidence and look at what the evidence shows and what we can do to try and make sure that we don't do that again."
"I was working in the restaurant and I was told that I was not allowed to eat there because I was not a Muslim."
"He has been in a very good position for a long time, he has been in the position of being the most important player in the game, he has been a very good player and he has done a good job."
"I am a big fan of the idea that a person's life can be changed if they are not willing to take responsibility for their actions."
"It was a big loss for the club and I'm sure we will have a lot of people to thank for that."
"\"I have a lot of respect for him and I know he has a lot of respect for the club, but I don't think he has the right attitude to be in the dressing room,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 8 percent in the fourth quarter, the fastest pace in nearly a decade, according to the U. S. central bank."
"We've got to be a little bit more patient with ourselves, but we're not going to get into a situation like we've been in."
"The new rules will apply to all new contracts and new employees, but not to new staff or new contracts."
"The UN Security Council is set to meet in New York on Wednesday to discuss the situation in Aleppo, which is still under government control."
"The first thing you do is ask yourself, what are the other people you know, what's the relationship between you and them?"
"But it was the first time since the war began that the U. S. had not been attacked by a foreign power."
"\"It's a very different game to the one we played in last year, where you can't really get too close to the ball,\" he said."
"It's not just the people who are affected, it's the whole community, and it's the families who are affected, too."
"\"I was the first person to be killed by a gun, and I was the first person to die by a gun,\" he said."
"The European Commission has said it will review the EU's data protection rules to determine whether they are appropriate for the UK."
"The issue of whether the EU should be allowed to continue in the single market is one of the most important issues in the referendum campaign."
"\"It is a very different game to what we have played in the past and I am not going to sit here and say we have to play the same way again,\" he said."
"The whole point of the referendum is to make sure that we are not going to be in a position where we are not going to have a say in the future."
"\"I'm just trying to get it out there and try to make it as easy as possible for the fans to get to see,\" he said."
"The law has been in place since the early 1990s, and has been extended for the last two years, but the government has said it will not extend the law beyond the current year."
"\"I was told I could not go to the hospital because of the risk of injury to my baby,\" she said."
"But the most important thing is to get the ball out of the air and stay in the game, so you can make a play and make an impact."
"\"I am not going to lie, I don't know him,\" he said in an interview with The Associated Press."
"\"I've got to make sure that the people that are going to be in the room are aware of what I'm doing,\" he said."
"The new law will allow police to use deadly force against people who are in the process of fleeing from the police, but they will not be allowed to use deadly force against people who are still in the process of leaving the city."
"The bank's shares have fallen about 20 per cent since the Brexit vote, and its shares have fallen about 15 per cent in the last three months."
"I don't think it's a good idea to have a debate about whether we should have a referendum on the EU."
"I'm not going to lie, I've been in the car for the last three years and I've never seen anything like this."
"The country's economy is growing at a robust pace, and its unemployment rate is still at a record low of 5. 6 percent."
"\"I was a bit worried that it would be a long night and I didn't really know what to do,\" he said."
"The problem is that the people who do the research for them are not necessarily the people who will be affected by the change."
"\"We are not going to have a free lunch, we're not going to have a free lunch at the end of the year,\" he said."
"He has been on the radar of a few teams, but I think it's a bit of a surprise."
"The woman was taken to a local hospital where she died, but her death was ruled a suicide and her body was never found."
"It's the first time in the history of the show that the show has been nominated for an award."
"It's not a matter of whether it's a good idea, it's just that it's not a good idea."
"\"We don't have a lot of options but we have to do what we can to make sure we get the best deal for our players,\" he said."
"The results of the poll show that the proportion of voters who say they would vote for the Labour Party has increased since the referendum."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations and that it would take appropriate action."
"\"It is a shame, because the man who got away with it has a real problem in terms of the way he has treated his victims,\" he said."
"The researchers found that women who were more likely to be in the labor force were more likely to have a child."
"The first thing I do when I'm not working is to go and see my friends and family."
"The latest round of talks in Geneva will be the first since the start of the year, with a second round of talks scheduled for next week."
"The Prime Minister's office said the government had agreed to allow the government to use the money for the family's care."
"He said the government's \"policy is to make it harder for women to get the care they need,\" and that women should be able to buy insurance."
"\"It's not a great feeling, but I know that I can do it,\" he said."
"He was a great player and he's been a great coach, but I think he's a really good coach."
"The new law, which will apply to all new owners of properties, will apply to new owners who are aged over 65."
"He's a great player, he's a good player, but he's not a good player for us to be playing against."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not the way to be a man,\" he said."
"The issue of whether the new rules apply to the current system of funding for the NHS is a hot- button issue in the run- up to the referendum."
"I think that's the way we want to go, and I think we're going to be able to do that."
"He was a young guy and he was going to be a great coach, but he was not going to be a great coach at the next level."
"\"I think it's a great way to get the message out there and get people thinking,\" he said."
"\"It's a pretty good team and I'm looking forward to playing against them,\" he said."
