"The research also found that the more you drink, the more likely you are to become a victim of the virus."
"The court heard the pair had been married for a decade and had been living together for five years."
"I can't believe I'm going to be the next president, so I'm not going to be there."
"I've been in contact with a lot of people and they're all very nice people and I'm really happy to have them."
"The problem is that the first person to do it was the same person who did it on the first day of the campaign."
"They're also more likely to be in the top half of the league and win more games than any other team."
"\"We have been told that the real target is to have an agreement in place for at least a year,\" he said."
"I didn't know what to expect, but I knew I had to go out there and do it, and I did."
"The drug, which is sold in the United States and is not approved in Europe, was found to have no effect on the brain's response to the stress of everyday life."
"We're going to be fighting for a second term, and I don't think I can win it."
"It's not about the money, it's about what the person is doing and what they're doing and what's going on."
"I have to say that I am a bit disappointed in the way the game was played but I still believe that we are playing a top- class game."
"\"We need to make sure that the only thing that's going to be taken away from us is the media,\" he said."
"The company is investing $ 1 billion in the project, which will be the largest in the country's history."
"I have a friend who's been here for 30 years and he's come to see me."
"I just wanted to be the best player in the world, to be able to play with my team and make the team."
"And I think the big thing is I think that if we're going to do this on a regular basis, then we need to be able to do it on a regular basis."
"The company is also working on a mobile app that will allow users to track their travel, including when they arrive in the country."
"I think it is important for the club and the players to understand that the money that we are making is going to support the club."
"The two have not spoken since the incident, and the pair have not returned to the station to discuss their case."
"\"I think the message we're getting is that if you can't afford to live in a house, then you're going to have to go somewhere else,\" he says."
"I don't think he's ever going to be a guy who's going to come up and say I'm not going to be able to do that."
"It is not clear what caused the accident, which occurred on the same day as the historic election in which Trump won the Republican nomination."
"It is a decision that is difficult to make in a country where there is so much fear and so much fear of losing your job."
"\"I don't think I can compete in the first round, but I can compete in the second round,\" he said."
"The Scottish Government has said it will seek to make Scotland's economy more competitive and attract more investment."
"\"We had a lot of people come to the door and we were all kind of waiting for them,\" he said."
"\"We were having a discussion on how to improve the football club and what we could improve on from last season,\" he said."
"The app is available in the US, Canada, Germany, France, Spain and Italy."
"The two- year- old was at the centre of a custody dispute with his mother, who is still in custody."
"\"I have never been in a situation where I have said anything like that, and I will never be in a situation where I am not saying it,\" he said."
"\"I have no doubt in my mind that the President will be able to do the job he wants to do,\" he said."
"If you don't have any other income, you can't go out and buy a house, or even buy a car."
"\"I don't know if you have the time or not, but I've got to be ready,\" he said."
"\"I am not surprised that I am being treated like this by people who want to change the world,\" she said."
"The agency's latest report said the average age of a single parent in Scotland was 21, compared to 25 in the UK."
"The proposed legislation is likely to be presented to the next parliament in a parliamentary committee, which will report to the government on the proposals at its next meeting in May."
"The first time we saw the person, I don't think it was even a single person, but we saw the person and they were still alive."
"The latest data from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco showed that the economy grew at a 1. 9 percent pace in the fourth quarter, the second- best pace in nearly a year."
"But the party's leadership, with a few MPs from the centre- right of the party, has a different view of the whole issue."
"\"The idea of not having a voice is not one that I had before,\" he says."
"\"I'm not going to let the people that are going to be in the White House know what I'm going to do,\" Trump said."
"She was also the first woman to go on trial in a global crime case, which was the subject of a four- year investigation."
"He is not the only one who has been targeted, though, and the attack is likely to be the most serious."
"\"If it's a single person, it's not like this is a public place,\" he said."
"I don't know if that's true, but I think it's a bit more of a mixed bag."
"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy, but I think it's going to be a very difficult game."
"It is not clear why the number of people using the system has dropped, but the government has said that it is a matter for the courts."
"I don't think he'll be in the top 10 at this time of year, but he's got a chance to make it in the top 10."
"If you don't want to be a part of it, it's a bit more difficult to get involved."
"There's a lot of good players on the outside but in the middle of it we had a bit of a problem."
"\"We've been working on it for a year, and it's been a big deal,\" he said."
"I think we have to be very careful because we can't just go and find a candidate who is going to win in the next two weeks."
"\"We are not going to be able to say that we are not going to be able to help the people who are going to be displaced,\" he said."
"The two men, who were arrested in November and are still in custody, are each accused of trying to enter the country illegally."
"There is no doubt that the central bank has been given a boost from the referendum result and this is the time to be optimistic."
"It's a long way off, but it's worth it, and we'll see what happens in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"And, in the last two years, we've seen a lot more people come out and vote for Clinton."
"It is not clear why the company, which is based in Singapore, has not made it into the list of world's top 10 most expensive airlines."
"\"You don't know what you're doing, but you're in the process of doing it,\" he said."
"But the man was arrested by police and released on bail and has since been in custody for questioning."
"\"I'm not saying there is a problem in the system, but it is a problem in the system and we need to fix it,\" he said."
"A senior Tory source said: \"We're going to see a real change in the way that we run our party."
"\"The only way to go is to make sure that we have a plan that we can use to make sure we get the funding we need to be able to do the things that we need to do,\" she said."
"He was also the first person to die in a car crash in the city, he said, and his death was a \"direct result of the death of another person,\" the police statement said."
"It's a great feeling, and I'm grateful for the support from the community and the players to get me through this."
"It's a shame that the club has to be so far away from the Premier League and not in it, but we are doing everything we can to win games."
"She is the first woman to lead a major national party in a major presidential campaign, and the first woman to lead a major political party in a major general election."
"The one thing I can say is that I'm not saying we're not going to go out there and do some things that are going to make people feel better."
"She was in the car with her husband, the owner of the car, who was sitting in the passenger seat."
"In other words, the more you think about it, the more you will admit that it is not just the situation that you are trying to fix."
"\"It's a shame that they can't do it on their own,\" she said, adding that she was not sure if the shop had been properly tested."
"The letter, which was signed by more than 100 people, was written in the name of the victim's mother, who is also a nurse."
"\"I'm just trying to put my hands up and I don't want to go back,\" he said."
"We've had a lot of good players over the last couple of years and I'm not surprised that the boys are going to be playing well."
"\"I've been working on the project for a year and I feel like I've done a good job,\" he said."
"I was at the top of my game, so I wasn't sure I could do that."
"The number of people killed and injured in the blast, which occurred in the early hours of Sunday, was estimated to be more than 100, 000."
"There's not a lot of money in the world right now, but it's something I'm going to try to keep in mind."
"The players are so confident, so motivated, they have already done it, and I think they will do it again."
"A spokeswoman for the Scottish Government said the UK government \"will continue to support the work of the Scottish Government in ensuring the best possible access to the best possible access for our people."
"But if we can't get the right mix of players for the right price, then we can't be a competitive club."
"\"I didn't want to have a second thought about it, but I just wanted to take the risk,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the agency would be making the necessary changes to address the situation."
"The $ 4 million, two- year contract is the biggest contract in the NRL's history, but it has been delayed until next season because of the NRL's new rules."
"But the game is a little bit different in the way that we play, and I think that's the key to winning."
"He's got a great reputation and he's got a great club, so he's going to be a very important part of our team."
"But it is the question of how much the future of the UK economy will be affected by Brexit."
"He said: \"The issue of the safety of children is a real concern and we are working with the police to investigate."
"Theresa May is facing calls to restore some of the control she had over the EU after the referendum result."
"I have a feeling that I'm going to be playing for a long time, but I can't predict that."
"I don't think that's what it's about, it's about the job and the success of the team."
"\"I've got a few of them, but I'm not going to be spending the money,\" he said."
"\"It's not going to be easy to stay in the game, but it's going to be a good challenge,\" he said."
"The deal was struck in a meeting of the party's national executive committee and will be announced next week, the party's deputy leader, Andrew Jones, said."
"We have been talking about this for a long time, and I think it's going to be a very important topic in this election."
"The government has pledged to give tax breaks to the top 1 per cent of households earning more than \u00a3 1 million a year."
"She's a great teacher, she's a very good person, but I think she's a bit of an out of control person."
"A number of people who have been in contact with the woman said she was not happy and they wanted to know why she was not allowed to leave."
"It's not just about the game, it's about the people and what you're doing to make the team."
"It's a game of tennis, so you're going to have to be good at it."
"\"I'd like to see the whole world go to sleep,\" he said in a video message to the group."
"It is a small price to pay for a chance to have a look at the latest and greatest of the best, and I hope that's enough to convince people that I'm serious."
"In the past few weeks, we've been making an effort to show that we can compete with the top teams in the world."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent on Wednesday, their biggest gain since late October, following the announcement earlier this month that the company would reduce its annual revenue forecast to $ 1. 6 billion."
"The World Health Organization said it had reported that the number of cases of Zika virus in Brazil had increased by an average of 1. 4 cases per day."
"I don't think that we should be doing that, because we are a very good team and we are in a good place."
"\"I've been lucky enough to be able to stay in the game for so long, and I'm excited to be able to play here again,\" he said."
"The 32- year- old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries, but not life- threatening, police said."
"\"I don't know if that was a mistake or not, but I think he has to be held to account,\" she said."
"We're a bit of a different team, but we're a team that's going to play really well."
"A lot of the things I've done in my career, I've done on and off the field, I've been in the league for 30 years."
"\"The investigation is ongoing and we are confident that we will be able to identify the person responsible for the incident,\" he said."
"He added:'I've got to do what I can to get out of the car and I'm not going to let anybody take me."
"\"I just don't know what they're going to do with the other guys,\" he told reporters in Las Vegas."
"But the president- elect's team has said that the campaign is not about the candidates themselves, and that Trump's advisers will continue to campaign for him."
"We have to be careful in the way we deal with these types of situations, because we are going to get killed in them."
"But I do believe that if we do it the right way, we can go to the Olympics and be a really good team and win gold."
"I think it's important to recognise that a lot of people are not in the same boat as I am."
"I think he'll be a good addition to the team and I think he can help us in that regard."
"It is a big opportunity for us, because we have a good squad, and we know we can win the league."
"\"I have been told that there is no agreement on how to move forward, but I think it's safe to say that we will move forward,\" she said."
"It's not a great way to get to know a player, but you've got to know what you're dealing with."
"A spokesman for the company said: \"We are very pleased to have the opportunity to work with the Scottish Government on a new range of products."
"\"This is a really important election, and I'm going to do everything I can to make this a success,\" he told CNN."
"\"I think it's fair to say that there was a lot of discussion about the fact that he was a Democrat,\" Clinton said."
"It's a big game and I know I have to be ready and get on the pitch and be ready for the game."
"The European Commission said it had received \"over 100 complaints \"about the scheme, which is run by a private group."
"I think that's what we've been trying to do for a long time, but it's a long time coming."
"I think I've just got to try and keep playing the way I've played the last couple of weeks and keep pushing myself."
"It's a really good example of what I've been trying to do for the last couple of years, and I think it's really important to be able to do it."
"If you're a woman, it's not a problem, it's just a conversation that's not going to happen."
"The department said it would not have a direct role in the investigation into the alleged abuse of a 14- year- old girl."
"We don't know if it's an isolated incident or a whole lot of people are out there."
"The more than 1, 000 women and girls who have been diagnosed with the disease in the past year have been told to be extra careful."
"The 22- year- old was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was released on bail."
"It's a tough thing to do, but I don't think you need to be a big guy."
"The government says it is committed to the safety and security of the public, but it has also been accused of using the money to pay for police officers."
"The 32- year- old, who was the club's first- team captain, said:'I've always had the belief that I can be the best player in the world."
"\"We will be doing everything possible to help you to get back to your normal routine and be ready to go in a few days,\" he said."
"The next day, a friend of the couple's told them they had just bought a home in the city, and that they were looking for a home in the area."
"We know that if we don't do it, we will have to wait a little bit longer for the next game."
"He was a bit of a mystery to me as far as the Scottish games go, but I think he was one of the best."
"\"It was very difficult for him to play last year, but he was still there and it was very hard for him to play again,\" he said."
"It is a lot easier to get a hold of your passport and start searching for it in a store, rather than having to make your way to the office."
"But he said it was \"very difficult \"to have a \"good \"relationship with a woman who was struggling to afford a home."
"He has always been a very quiet guy, but he has done a lot of good things in his career, so I think he will be very happy."
"The site is one of the few places where a number of women have been accused of sexual misconduct, and some of them have been convicted."
"The government has said it will bring the legislation forward within the next few weeks, but has yet to agree a date."
"The government has said it wants to make sure that every child has access to the right support and education resources."
"\"I think it's a mistake to think that there's a large group of people who want to put their political agenda before the people,\" he said."
"We want to see a lot of them, but they are very rare, and we don't know if there is any risk."
"\"He has been in the office for three years, and he has been a very good leader,\" Mr. Miller said."
"The study authors note that the rate of deaths is still lower than that of the overall population, but the impact of the decline is not as dramatic as those of the previous decade."
"And that's just the way it was, and I don't know what's going to happen next."
"\"If they are not in a position to do so, it's going to be a lot more difficult for them to do so,\" he said."
"The U. S. has repeatedly denied the accusations, but it's not clear how many people have been killed in the past three years."
"\"The first thing that we do is look at the picture and look at what's going on,\" he said."
"The agency has repeatedly said that it is not trying to influence the outcome of the election, but rather to help the government."
"In an interview with the BBC, Mr Hammond said: \"We will be doing a lot of work on the European Union, but we will also be working with the European Commission on the way forward."
"There are only three people in the world who can do that- and it's not just the Americans."
"The public has been advised not to take photos of the car's interior as it could be damaged."
"The best way to win is to win one game at a time and to win one game at a time you have to be ready for every game."
"I think it's important to understand that this is a really tough year for the sport, especially when you're competing in the Olympics."
"The U. S. has agreed to review the report and work with the European Commission and other agencies to ensure it is accurate."
"The only thing I can do is look forward to working with him, and to be part of his legacy."
"The two- year- old has been in the water for more than a week and was discovered by the boy's father on Thursday."
"We're still working on that, but it's one of the things we want to do."
"The report said the \"serious and ongoing \"problems were partly due to a lack of infrastructure, particularly in the health sector."
"In a statement released by the Health Secretary, he said: \"This is a matter for a committee of inquiry and we will take the decision at the appropriate time."
"\"We are going to have a big year next year, and we are going to be working hard to get better,\" he said."
"I think it's great that we are here, and I think we're going to be able to do something very special for the people of the United States."
"The club is also keen to attract more top players, with a number of players already playing in the English Premier League this year."
"A new report suggests the number of children living in housing benefit homes has risen by more than 30, 000 since the Government introduced the scheme in 2007."
"It was a bit of a surprise to me, but I felt like I had the opportunity to work with the guys that I have worked with over the years."
"It's been a long time coming, but this is the best I've been able to do so far, so it's great to have a chance to start."
"I think the best thing that can happen to the culture of the Labour Party is to be able to speak to people who are in the party and make them understand that we are all part of it."
"\"It's the best I've had to this point in my career,\" he said, speaking after the game."
"The report also said that the UK could still be able to offer free trade in the event of a Brexit."
"\"He is a great guy, and we are very excited to have him in the mix,\" Fisher said."
"They will also be given the opportunity to prove themselves by playing in the Olympics, which is not a new idea."
"He had to drop out of the tournament because he was not good enough, so he was not selected."
"The data suggest that the UK's economic growth rate is still far below the rate of unemployment, which is the benchmark for inflation."
"He was never in the public eye, and the only thing he did was get into a car with a group of people."
"\"The only thing I can do is to say thank you,\" he said, according to a Facebook post."
"It was the first time the U. S. had conducted a strike on a Syrian air base since the Syrian conflict began in 2011."
"The bottom line is that we need to start thinking about the real world as a whole and how we can actually make the world a better place."
"In the past month alone, the number of people living in poverty has risen by more than half in the UK."
"The only way to help people who are homeless, he said, is to encourage them to stay in their homes."
"\"You know, I don't know if it's a joke or not,\" he said, \"but I'm sure it's a big deal."
"He was in a lot of pain and didn't have any idea what he was doing, so he was going to do it."
"They're going to be there to help us, to get us to where we're going to be and that's what we're doing."
"The city is now the only major U. S. city to have a minimum wage, though the federal government has said that's not enough."
"He was only one of four players on the team to score at least 20 points in the first half."
"\"I would never want to be in a situation where I have to take a risk and I have to make a decision,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to stand up and say, \"This is what we're going to do,\" \"he said."
"It's a situation that will only get better with each passing day, as the league's growth continues."
"I think it's a good thing to be able to go to a club where you have to be a good player and a great player."
"It's a great place to live, so it's not a surprise that I've come here in the first place."
"The idea is to make it easier to track people, even if they are not on the radar, so that they don't get caught up in the fake news."
"The first time I was in the dressing room, I said to the players, \"You know what, I'm going to go and play for the team."
"I am not sure if it will be a different kind of crowd, but I don't think it will be too much trouble."
"The number of people who have been affected is too small to say whether it will have a big impact on the future of the school."
"The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told The Local:'We were walking home from a party when we were approached by a group of men."
"The group is one of the few to show up in the final two months of the campaign, with a total of over 300 people showing up in the final three months of the campaign."
"Theresa May is set to announce the UK will leave the European Union in a speech to mark the formal end of the first year of the formal Brexit negotiations."
"The company's shares rose by more than a third in early trading, reaching a three- month high on Tuesday."
"If you're not in the top 10, you can't get in, so you're going to have to pay the price."
"But I think it's important to remember that we have to be aware of what's going on and what's not going on."
"In a statement, the group said: \"We are aware of the incident and are investigating the circumstances surrounding it."
"There are a lot of people who are disappointed because of what happened and we don't want to see it."
"A man who died after being hit by a car while travelling in a car park in Glasgow was a member of the Royal Family, the family said today."
"\"It was like a dream come true, and I was so excited to finally get to meet her,\" she said."
"But there are also a number of other factors that have to be taken into consideration when making a decision on a child."
"In a statement, the company said the company was \"fully aware of the circumstances surrounding this incident and we will take appropriate action,\" according to Reuters."
"\"I was very disappointed when I got the letter, but I will be so happy to know that I got a letter that says that my children were taken away,\" he said."
"The public prosecutor's office has been working on the case since January, but no arrests have been made."
"I think it's a good thing that the Premier League is playing in a game that is not very popular."
"The man had been in a dispute with his girlfriend about the date, but he was not charged, the police said."
"A BBC spokeswoman said: \"The company has been working with the police and the police service to identify the person responsible."
"He was on the job for 12 years, and he's one of the only people in the world to be able to sit in and watch the movie."
"The group has claimed the security forces have prevented the operation from taking place, but have not made any arrests."
"In the last couple of years I've seen a lot of people take a break from the game and focus on the games."
"\"I'm not worried about the court, I just want to be able to play football,\" he said."
"\"You can't be a coach for six years and have the same level of play and results,\" he said."
"The group said it had paid out more than $ 600, 000 to the police department and to the family of the victim, who was a member of the gang."
"The letter was signed by some of the top players in the industry, including the likes of Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea."
"The US- based company said it was working with the government to help those who needed help with their payments."
"He was able to get the job done, but he is still a young player, and we are not expecting him to be the next captain for us."
"But the problem is that the first couple of years you get to go and see what you're doing, and then you get to go and see what you're doing and then you go."
"The company also said it had an internal investigation into the allegations and the investigation was continuing and it would not be releasing any further information until it had completed its investigation."
"She said she was going to the police station to report the incident and to get the information she needed."
"He added:'I don't know what they are going to do with me, I don't know what they're going to do with me."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs, lost their homes or been cut off from work has reached a record high, official figures showed on Thursday."
"The judge said the victim was \"very upset \"about what happened, but the victim's family said she was just happy to be alive."
"He's a very good player, he's going to play a lot of games for us and we'll be really pleased with him."
"\"I think it's been a huge success,\" he said, adding that he is now working on a new album."
"It was a bit of a shock when I got the call that they were going to be taking me to London, but I was a bit nervous."
"The Prime Minister has told the BBC he wants the UK to remain in the single market and the EU free trade area, which is a key part of the UK's relationship with the EU."
"But she said that \"not all of the money is going to go to schools \"and she was worried about the impact on the economy."
"\"We are not going to be able to find a solution that will make the city safer, and I think we need to be very careful about that,\" she said."
"The project is a critical piece of the overall plan to address the country's long- term debt, which is estimated to be around $ 1 billion."
"\"I'm still going to be working hard, but I'm not going to be able to do it on my own,\" he said."
"I've got a lot of friends who are going to be here for the next few years and it's going to be a big part of my life."
"The fact is that we have a lot of opportunities to win games in the Premier League and I think we have a very good chance to do that."
"The government has said it will not stop all migrants coming to the UK until they are able to apply for asylum in the country."
"\"It's not something I want to be involved in, but I do have a feeling I have a responsibility to the country,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to say the best thing about him, but I know he's got a great track record,\" said Jones."
"\"I'm not going to be in the room when he's on the phone,\" he said, referring to Trump's Twitter account."
"\"It was a good game, I'm not going to get too carried away with it,\" he said."
"\"It's not a place where I can be in the spotlight, but I can't be,\" he said."
"It's a way of life for people who don't want to work, but it's also a way of life for the rest of us."
"\"The biggest issue for me is that I've only been playing for three months now, so I can't really say what the future holds,\" he said."
"The UK's biggest banks are set to launch a new bid to replace the bank's old one with a new one, with the aim of making it more attractive for investors."
"The British Medical Association has called for the introduction of a national drug- testing system to help doctors identify which drugs are safe to use."
"It is not clear when the plane crashed or how many people were aboard, but officials say there were at least 30 people on board."
"\"The evidence is overwhelming that we need a plan that works for all of the people who live in the area,\" he said."
"And I think he's going to be a very good football player and he's going to be a very good football player in the playoffs."
"It is also the first time in the history of the sport that a player has been named the World Cup's player of the year."
"\"I don't think he would have made it on his own,\" he said, adding that he would not have been able to call the police if he had not been in the car."
"It's not just the people who can't see through the ads, it's the people who are not able to see through them."
"It's not the first time the Labour leader has spoken about his own personal views on the issue."
"I had no idea what it was going to be and I had no idea how long it would be, and I didn't know how to get on with it."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for the Scottish Government to make it a little bit more attractive,\" he said."
"The company said it had not yet received a formal complaint, and that it would continue to monitor the situation."
"The problem is that we've been making a lot of money in the past and we're not really spending it."
"I don't know if it's a joke, but I think it's a bit of a stretch to say I don't like it."
"I think it's a really good team and I'm excited to be part of that."
"I don't know if there is a team that can beat us and we have a good squad."
"\"The only thing I can say is, I have never been involved in a situation like this,\" he said."
"And while we are all better at keeping the lights on in our homes than in our offices, we are not as good at keeping the lights on in the office."
"\"We will not be able to do this unless we are prepared to pay for it,\" he said."
"I've had people who say, \"I didn't know you had this,\" and I don't know what they were thinking."
"We have a lot of great players and a lot of great fans, so it's a great thing to have that support."
"The poll of 1, 000 likely voters found that Clinton received an overwhelming majority of the support of both men and women."
"He's been doing a lot of really good stuff in the last couple of weeks and I'm really happy with him."
"He also said he had not been informed of the allegations and that he had not been able to contact police."
"The only way to do that is to do it in a way that is safe and simple and not necessarily damaging to the environment."
"I have been told by the doctors that I will be on a plane to Miami, but I haven't been told where I will be going."
"\"I think it's important for the government to look at what they're doing and see what they're doing in terms of the best way forward,\" he said."
"The difference is that I'm going to be there, and I'm going to try to make sure that the fans are there for me."
"It's a big game, and I think it's a good opportunity for us to get to know each other a little bit better."
"And I know you, we're going to have to move on, and I don't think we're going to get our hands on a new one."
"We were just trying to get the ball to him and he just took it and we just kept going."
"A very few people have said they want to be a police officer, but I don't want to be a police officer."
"The study, which was published in the American Journal of Public Health, found that the more women had a baby, the more likely they were to have a heart attack."
"We're doing a lot of things that are very hard to do, but it's great to be able to play for your country."
"The decision to give the money to a charity, or a government agency, is not a decision that's going to change the course of the campaign."
"The judge said the girl's family had been told she would be allowed to go to a school for girls."
"He's a good kid, he's a good kid, and we'll see how it goes."
"\"He said, \"We don't want to see any more people in this country,\" \"the judge recalled."
"The only way to keep the game going is to win the game, but I think the games are going to be won and lost."
"I have to be careful what I say, but I don't want to be a victim of the media."
"It's a great way to get into your house and get away from the house, but it's not always the best way."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court he had been in contact with his girlfriend for about two years."
"The group's vice president, Eric Allen, said the group has not received any complaints from law enforcement or the FBI about its activities."
"The only way to get a sense of how much you want to spend on the house is to look at the house and look at the value of the property."
"He said he was concerned about the \"very high \"risk of this coming to the UK, as it would be \"the first time in history \"that a foreign government had taken direct control of a nuclear power plant."
"But there's also a lot of talk of the need to get rid of the ban on all Muslims entering the country."
"In addition, they're also not just going to spend money on food, but also on clothes, shoes, and even a horse."
"We have a lot of people who are very good at the sport and we don't want to see any of them on the field."
"\"The problem with that is that I don't know if I would be able to work for my country again,\" she said."
"We've got a lot of players, so I'm not saying we're going to have to worry about that."
"The real question is whether the U. S. should take on the challenge of a \"new \"climate system that could be avoided."
"\"I've got to be very, very careful with the amount of money I'm putting into my own personal account,\" he said."
"The survey found that 56 per cent of people who don't want to be part of the group would be willing to stay."
"It's important that we do a better job of creating a culture where we're not afraid to talk about our own experiences."
"The two- day conference was dominated by two of the best teams in the country and a draw in the first round will be the first time in the country's history a top- four team has been drawn."
"\"The most important thing for us is that we don't make mistakes in the playoffs,\" he said."
"It's going to be a tough one, but we are going to be very, very competitive."
"I think it's a big, big thing that's going to affect us and we have to be ready for it."
"It's not the first time we've had a false alarm, but it is the first time we've had a false alarm in the past year,\" he said."
"The deal, which is expected to be approved by the government by the end of the year, is a major boost for the government's bid to remain in the European Union."
"I've seen them get a lot of attention, but I didn't see them do anything that would make me think they were a little bit concerned."
"\"We have had some very tough times with the new rules, but we've got to come out and do our jobs,\" he said."
"He said he would be in touch with his family and friends if they needed any assistance in getting their loved ones home."
"The next day, a police officer came to my apartment and asked if I wanted to come in to check on the situation."
"\"We have a culture of wanting to be the best we can be,\" he said in a statement, adding: \"I am absolutely committed to the message that we will make every effort to be the best we can be."
"It was a surprise to me that he was still around, but I was happy with his work and I would like to see him back in the game."
"I've never had a hard time with them, but they're just as good as any of the other guys."
"The club has not been contacted by the police and the matter is being treated as a serious incident."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that we didn't do a good job,\" Trump said at the time."
"\"We don't want to just give up our business, we want to give up our identity,\" he said."
"It's a great example of how you can try to make a difference, but it's also a way of life."
"The U. S. dollar rose on Thursday, but it fell sharply on Friday, after the U. S. central bank cut rates again."
"He was arrested in October 2015 after a woman reported him missing after she went to check on him at a house party."
"He said: \"We've been working with them for quite some time and they've come to a decision that the best way forward is to take the lead."
"The Scottish government has said it will not back down from its pledge to cut the number of cuts in the budget."
"The matter is now before the court of appeal and the court's ruling on Thursday will be heard on Friday."
"I'm not sure what you're talking about, but you're trying to get them to feel that they can't do anything."
"We're going to be working hard to win, and it's going to be a very difficult game, but we're going to win."
"The new chairman has also been advised to take stock of the progress made in the last few months and consider the impact on the business of moving away from the EU."
"The National Health Service will be working with the Scottish Government to ensure that we are able to offer the best possible care for our patients."
"We are very pleased with the progress we've made over the last couple of months and I think we're very excited about the direction we're taking."
"The average cost of living in the UK has risen by about a third since the 1980s, and the proportion of people living in poverty has fallen by about a third."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said he had been at the club for about three hours and had not been drinking."
"We're looking at a lot of different types of growth, but we're not looking at one single thing."
"I think it's a really good idea and I think it's important to have a plan and not just one week off."
"I can't even remember what it was like to be the youngest, and I think I was the only one who didn't know what was going on."
"A Home Office spokeswoman said: \"We are aware of reports of a number of people who have been detained in immigration detention centres."
"It's very difficult to win in the semi- finals, especially in the finals, but I've been very consistent in the last couple of years."
"\"I've been in a lot of high- profile cases, and I've been able to get away with it,\" said Mr. Williams, who is a lawyer."
"I don't know if there was a second chance, but I know I was in a bad position."
"There's a lot of good things in life, but it doesn't make you feel good."
"The President has said he is \"absolutely determined \"to get the deal done as soon as possible and that he will look at the conditions."
"The latest figures from the Department for Education show that the proportion of pupils in primary schools in England and Wales who are employed has risen to 22. 5% from 21. 9% in 2013."
"\"I don't think the U. S. government has a right to try to stop me,\" he said."
"The federal government has been working on a bill of rights for the disabled for more than a decade, but the final agreement with the disabled has not yet been reached."
"I don't think it's a surprise that the companies that are going to be running the games are going to be the same companies that are running the games today."
"The coalition says it has taken control of the border between Syria and Iraq and has been able to hold out for several days."
"It's the most important thing for me to do, and I want to make it clear that I'm not going to run for office."
"\"I don't think it's fair to take a position on the whole thing,\" he said in an interview."
"The government's aim is for the current system to be rolled out over the next three years, a source said."
"The war is the most significant factor in the economic collapse of the past 25 years, according to the World Bank."
"\"I'm a big fan of the idea of an independent Scotland, which is a different reality to the one we're living in,\" he said."
"The government's view is that it has not got the information to show that it is going to win the election, but it has a plan."
"\"We have to make sure we are doing everything we can to protect our people, to protect our borders and protect our people,\" he said."
"\"If you're a kid, you're going to have to learn to play the game like everyone else,\" he said."
"The mother- of- two said:'I was just so happy I had someone to look after me."
"\"We're doing everything we can to make sure that we're able to attract the right people,\" he said."
"I would love to see him go and play for us but he is still young and he has got a lot of work to do."
"The Welsh Assembly is the most popular in the country and it's an important part of the Welsh political system."
"\"I think he's the best player I've ever seen in the game, and I think he's going to be a good player,\" Bryant said."
"He added:'I'm not going to say I'm not going to be there but I've got to be there."
"But the more we get to know each other, the more we can learn from each other, which is really great."
"If you have a plan to change your life, it's not a bad idea to make it a plan."
"\"The thing that I really liked about it, I think, was that he was willing to help out,\" she said."
"I've got to make sure that I'm not going to be the one who's going to take over."
"I don't know if they're looking for that right now, but they've got a lot of money to spend."
"The new laws come after a series of recent attacks in Paris and Brussels that have left at least 130 people dead."
"A man has been charged after a man was stabbed to death in a south London street after he was caught drinking in the water."
"\"I think the first time we played a game like that in the last 10 minutes, it was a bit disappointing because we were the better team in the second half,\" he said."
"The father of two said:'I'm not going to let it happen to me, I've got to go to the police."
"The court heard that Mr Smith was due to be sentenced on September 18 but was told by his lawyers that he would not be allowed to attend."
"The fact that he's a Republican is a sign he's not going to be able to work with the Democrats."
"The victims are the young children who were attacked and their parents, who are still living with their parents, who are still here, but the police are not there."
"It's a big deal, but you don't know if you're going to be able to come out of it."
"The team is working with the police to find out what happened and we will be back in court tomorrow to answer any questions."
"The pair had been scheduled to be in a car for a taxi ride, but decided to board their flight on the same day."
"\"I think the message is that there is no question about what we're doing in this country,\" he said."
"I think that's the most important thing in the world, and that's what we need to do."
"I was very happy with the result and I'm sure the players will be happy with the result too."
"The company's shares were down more than 6 per cent at $ 11. 27 on Thursday, and were down 3. 6 per cent at $ 12. 65 on Tuesday."
"He was a good guy, he did a good job for us, we're very proud of him."
"It's a reminder that the road is dangerous and there's no way you can be safe in the moment."
"\"I don't know how he can get away with this,\" said one of the officers, who asked not to be named."
"And for me, the first thing I've done is just walk out and I don't know if it's going to be the same as the last game."
"It's not just a question of money, it's a question of how we get people to pay their bills."
"The British people have spoken, and we will not let them down,\" he said, as he went to a rally in the capital."
"\"We have a long way to go to get to where we want to be, but I'm happy with the progress we're making,\" she said."
"They also have a lower rate of inflation and higher levels of spending, but they are still in the red."
"The review is part of a wider review of the company's finances that is due to be completed next year."
"The biggest surprise for the Americans is that they are in a state of shock, and that they are not going to be able to take any action."
"It's not the first time that a Republican has been elected to the White House and, in fact, it was the first time the party's nominee was black."
"I think it's a big deal that this is a young woman and she's been through a lot."
"They are not going to be able to do that with the quality of the players they have, they are going to be able to do that with their ability to play."
"\"We are a very different country than we were a year ago and we need to be better about our borders,\" he said."
"The company says it will be able to get a cut of the revenue it generated from the sale, and would be able to retain some of the money from the sale."
"\"I think it's good to have a manager who is a bit more focused on the game,\" he said."
"He's been a really good leader in the dressing room for us and he's a very good player."
"\"There's no doubt that we've been working very hard to get that right,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been unable to access the service in the past three months has increased by 13 per cent, it said."
"The first time I went to the studio, I had a really strong idea of what I wanted to do and it was a really good idea."
"\"I'm not surprised by the fact that we are in the race for the nomination,\" he said, adding that he was pleased with the level of support."
"\"I am convinced that the future of the NHS in England and Wales is now in the hands of the people,\" he said."
"I have a lot of respect for the players and the players have been very good and I'm sure they will be very pleased with the result."
"\"We were told to get out of the way and leave the building at the same time, but the police didn't believe us,\" she told the court."
"The government has been trying to get the public to sign up to a register of all the people who have died in the fire."
"The company has not yet revealed what kind of products will be offered, but the company said it was \"committed to making our products available to our customers \"and \"to providing them with the best possible service."
"We've got a good chance of getting a win, but we've got to get the right balance of teams and get the right balance of the play."
"The person who did the killing was a man who had a criminal record, but police had no evidence to prove he had a criminal record."
"In fact, I think the more we have to understand, the more we will have to be able to go on with our lives."
"The Fed's decision to raise rates in October was seen by some as a sign that the Fed was in for a change."
"The number of women who have given birth has fallen by around 50 per cent since 2010, according to the World Health Organization."
"It's not just a matter of winning the league, but also of winning the Champions League."
"The poll shows Trump with a lead of about 7 percentage points over Cruz, 38 percent to 38 percent, according to the poll."
"I have a few more games, I can get back to work and get ready for the next one, so it's going to be tough."
"\"We were expecting the second half, but I think we've got a good run and we're looking forward to it,\" he said."
"They have a really good chance of winning the title if they can get the right players, and I think we're in a good place."
"It's a big game, but you're going to be in the thick of it."
"\"There's a lot of things that we have to learn from, but I think it will be a good thing,\" he added."
"The app is available on Apple's website and on the Google app store, and Google says it will be available in the US and Canada later this year."
"It's a big difference, but if you're a guy that's never played a game, it's a big difference."
"\"It's about how we can make the best of what we have and make sure the best possible use of our resources are available to us,\" he said."
"It is a big time for us, because we are a big team and we want to win games."
"\"We're doing a lot of research and looking at it, and it's just a matter of time before we see the results,\" she said."
"If you're not going to go for it, then you're going to have to make sure you're going to get it."
"The situation in the United States has been described as \"difficult,\" but it is a situation that will not be easy for Trump."
"They are the ones who have been the most vulnerable in the last year, and are the ones who have been the most likely to die."
"I've got to be careful not to give too much away and I've got to be careful not to put too much into it."
"In the past, you could have just taken the money and gone to a store, but now you have to pay for it yourself."
"\"This will be the first time in my career that I've won the title without a victory,\" he said."
"\"The process is not easy, but we are doing what we can to support the family, and to give them the best possible opportunity to have their own life,\" he said."
"\"There's a lot of evidence to suggest that we're not doing enough to help the vulnerable,\" he said."
"She's a professional, she's got a lot of experience and she's got the right skills to be a professional."
"The leader of the opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, has said the party must be \"open and honest \"about its stance on EU membership."
"He is a man who has done a lot of things for the club, and we don't want to see him go."
"We've got to be able to do the job and if we can't do that, we're not going to win the game."
"The move comes after the U. S. State Department last week said that it would seek a formal cease- fire with Russia, which is the main supporter of Syrian President Bashar al- Assad."
"I have never been a fan of the media and I'm not going to be, but I'm a fan of the people who are watching the game."
"I don't think he would have been able to do it if he had been able to get a first- round pick."
"In the end, the voters decided that the best way to keep the United States in the world was to go to the moon."
"The next day, I got a call from the police saying that I had a knife and I had to come and pick it up."
"\"We are always going to have a big influence on how the next generation is born,\" he said."
"And I've always been a big fan of his work and I think that's something I'll always be going to."
"It's a little bit of a shock to see him go, but we're pleased with what he's done."
"The majority of people in the study were women, with the majority of women in the study having a doctorate, but there were a few cases of men."
"I think it's a very good feeling to be able to go out there and be able to play and be able to score runs."
"The government has no intention of running a competitive race for the presidency, but it has already announced it will raise the minimum wage."
"He's not a bad guy, he's got a good attitude and I'm sure he'll be back in the mix."
"The video, which was posted on YouTube on Monday, has attracted more than 2. 5 million views since it was posted in November."
"The \"jobs \"page on the company's website says the company expects to generate $ 1 billion a year in revenue, and is adding 15, 000 new jobs over the next three years."
"The prime minister's office said it had made a \"significant \"investigation into the incident, but it was unclear whether it had been able to identify the suspect."
"But if you want to be a part of this, you need to go to a university, so you need to be able to find work."
"The team will take a look at the evidence and see if it is worth their time to try to figure out what they can do to change the outcome."
"\"I think the main thing is the success of the team and the success of the club,\" he said."
"He is a man of his word and he is a man of the hour, and he will be the man to do it."
"And I think that's something that we've been very clear about for a long time about, and it's something that we're going to try to do as we go along."
"If they're not there, they have to be there, or they're going to be gone,\" he said."
"\"This is not about a political party or party's candidate, this is about the people who are in power,\" he said."
"It's a tough decision, but we have a good squad and we have a good manager and a good group of players."
"We've been playing better than we've played in a few years and I think we'll be better next time we get back."
"I would like to think that when you're younger, you get more of a sense of the world, and you're not thinking about it."
"\"I was just going to tell her that I was coming back from the hospital and I was going to have surgery,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were approved by the board on Tuesday, will be implemented by the end of the year, but are not yet final."
"\"This is a big part of our plan to make sure that people get the care they need,\" she said."
"\"The US is not a member of the UN Security Council and we are not going to sit and see what happens,\" he said."
"\"This is a public health issue that needs to be addressed,\" he said, adding that it would be a priority for the government to address the issue."
"\"I think the question is, does this guy have a plan to make a difference, or is he just trying to get out of it?\"she said."
"We have a lot of talent in the squad, but we are not going to be the same team every game."
"But I don't want to be too negative, I'm just focused on the game."
"\"It is the right thing to do, but it is not going to be easy for us to do,\" he said."
"\"I can't stand the thought of him running out of time to do it,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a really good thing for us to have a young team that can get a little bit of experience, a little bit of experience,\" she said."
"The question is whether the final result will be a victory for the Democrats or a defeat for the Republicans."
"The proposal, which is likely to be approved by the State Assembly on Tuesday, is part of a broader proposal to provide financial assistance to the homeless."
"\"I've been there for the last three years, I've been here for a long time,\" he said."
"And that's what we've got to do- and I don't want to say I'm against the idea of having a debate."
"The officer, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital where he was treated for a broken leg."
"I would love to see him do it but it's just not possible at the moment."
"The report said the government's proposed changes would boost the chances of a deal, but it was unclear whether the government would be prepared to offer a full- scale agreement."
"The referendum is the first of its kind in the UK, and the Government will not be asking voters to back a Leave vote."
"It was the second time in the past month that the Tory party has been accused of being anti- European."
"\"I didn't know what I was going to do, I didn't know what I was going to do, but I knew I had to do something,\" he said."
"\"We are very proud of the work that we have done in the past and we are looking forward to continuing to work with our partners,\" she said."
"There is no evidence that the virus was present in the sample, but the researchers say they hope to develop a vaccine to combat the virus."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors including New York- based private equity firm Johnson & Johnson."
"I would like to thank my family and friends for their support over the years, and to all the people who have helped me through this difficult time."
"A 23- year- old man has been arrested in connection with a murder inquiry in Glasgow, police said."
"I had a couple of weeks to think about it, and I think it was a really good thing for me."
"I was at a party and a young lady came up to me and said,' I don't know what you're talking about."
"There are also concerns about the state of the market and the impact on the wider economy of the EU referendum result."
"\"The children are still very young- maybe 10- years- old,\" she says, \"and I don't think that's the case."
"The number of people killed in the capital last year was the highest since 2009, when there were more than 1. 5 million people."
"\"This is the first time we've been able to do that in the last five years,\" he said."
"If you can't find the money, you can find someone who can. I have a great friend who is the owner of a good restaurant in the area."
"She said she had not seen the video and had not seen the man's face and was not sure if the video had been filmed at the time."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014, but has not launched a ground campaign against the militants since 2011."
"The UN estimates that there are around 100, 000 people living in camps in the country, but the majority are civilians."
"It's hard to tell whether they're the same person, but they're still connected to the same person."
"I think it's about a year ago, when I wasn't in the game, but it's been a long time since I've been in a game."
"The way the game was played, it was a very good game, and we showed that we can score goals and win the game."
"\"It's just a matter of time before I get to the point where I can be a leader of the Labour party,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I know the situation is going to be very difficult for the boys,\" he said."
"The new rules were introduced last year, and will now be extended by the end of the year."
"\"It's not about making a lot of money, it's about making a good living,\" she said."
"I've got a great deal of respect for her, and I want to see her in the White House."
"\"There is a long- term risk of the environment being damaged or destroyed in the event of a nuclear accident,\" he said."
"\"It's an important thing to do,\" he said, \"because it's a bit like a run- up."
"\"We've got to be ready for the best game we can play and if we can do that then we'll be good,\" he said."
"The decision to make the move, he says, was a \"very personal decision \"and that he is now focused on the future of his family."
"The Canadian government is seeking to convince the United States that the deal is in the national interest and that it's a good deal for Canada."
"A third party, a third party that is not a party, is going to come out and say, \"We're not going to support Donald Trump."
"But the game is not over, and we are still in a good position to win the title, and it is important for us to win it."
"The problem is that the government has a very limited capacity to make that happen and it's going to be difficult for the Labour party to win a majority."
"The U. S. Federal Reserve's rate hike in December was short of expectations but still enough to keep inflation at the Fed's target of 2 percent."
"I think it's just a shame that he was sent to prison, because he's been a good friend to me for a long time."
"It is important to remember that the rules for the election are the same for all parties, so it's always better to be prepared."
"\"This is a time of great uncertainty, and we have to be prepared for it,\" he said."
"It's a big group and you don't want to be in the group where you're not playing well."
"In his latest speech he said he was \"proud \"of the \"experience \"the union had had \"and that it would now \"make a difference \"to the future of the UK as a whole."
"In a separate report, the Ministry of Defence said it was working to resolve the issue in a more comprehensive way."
"I want to make sure that my children have a safe and secure future, and I think that's what we're doing."
"The UK's largest company, McDonald's, said it was \"truly grateful \"to the EU for its support."
"It's a good idea to have a local authority, not just a state one, which will be able to provide you with the services you need."
"A man has been arrested and charged with the murder of a woman in a south London street in a bid to save her son."
"But they also said they would do it because they thought it would be a good idea to put the president in charge of the economy."
"It's important to be able to say thank you for everything that you've done for the country, and I'm grateful for that."
"The ruling comes as a government appeals court in China has ruled that the country's military must keep its arms out of the hands of rebels."
"It's a difficult time for the government, and I'm sure we're going to have to make a decision on this one."
"\"He was the only one who was able to speak for me and I'm very grateful for that,\" he said."
"He also told her: \"I'm sorry, you have to go back home, you have to go back to your family and your friends and family."
"I'm sure it was a good idea, but I think that if we can get the ball out of his hands and play with him, we'll be in a good position to win the game."
"The Chancellor has not said whether he will attend the summit, but he will be in Brussels for the talks on migration, security and the economy."
"The State Department said it had no record of any such person and did not believe there was any danger to the United States."
"We will have to make sure that we make the right decision and we will be putting all our resources into that process."
"\"You're going to get a lot of people who are not even here,\" he said of the crowds."
"He said: \"We are making a lot of changes and we're not going to be able to continue to be as competitive as we are."
"There's no doubt that it's going to be a tough game, but I'm just happy for the guys who are going to be there to take the ball out of the net."
"And we will be doing everything in our power to help the people who have been affected, as well as the people who have been displaced."
"The idea of giving someone the chance to start a business is a nice way of giving back to the community and giving back to a lot of people."
"The person who calls you is not the person who you want to know, but the person who you have to answer to."
"We're going to make it very hard for them to get the ball back and we're going to make it very difficult for them to get the ball back."
"But as a result, the campaign has been dominated by the idea that the UK should remain part of the EU, or that the rest of the 28- nation bloc should be part of the single market."
"I'm going to have to think about it a bit more, and I think it's going to be something that I'm going to try to do."
"In a recent survey, however, a majority of people said they would prefer to have a smaller budget to be able to afford the costs of housing."
"He's a big- time player, and if he can get that chance, he'll be a good one."
"The reason I'm here is that I've been in this job for a long time, and I'm proud to be a part of it."
"We don't know what it is, but we're going to do it, and we're going to be on the field, we're going to play."
"In a statement, the Department for Education said: \"The Department of Justice is committed to protecting children and ensuring that schools are safe."
"I've been in the top four for the last two years and it's a pretty good team."
"\"We can't have a policy that says we have to be happy about a product that we've made,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for 10 years, and I've never been a fan of the idea of people getting a taste of what you want from your product."
"But it is important to remember that, if you are going to win a race, you need to be prepared to win the whole race."
"\"The people who have to pay for the care of a child are the ones who will pay for it,\" she said."
"\"It's been a long journey to get there and I'm very grateful for all the support I've received,\" she said."
"He said: \"There's a lot of people in the UK who are being held in custody and there's a lot of concern for the safety of those people."
"The man's wife was also in the car, and he was not injured in the attack, the court heard."
"I'm a bit of a woman, and I've done a lot of things, but I'm not as good as I'd like to be."
"And they have a very good record, and they are only going to get better and better and better as they go."
"\"I've been told I'm going to have to stay on my own because I've got a lot of friends and family,\" he said."
"The federal government's budget will be cut by a further 2 per cent in 2020, and the government's economic growth rate will be reduced by around 1 per cent."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I think it's a very big deal,\" he said."
"\"I am not going to say I was the best but I'm not going to say I wasn't the best at the club,\" she said."
"He is not the kind of player who can turn around a season and then come back and play again."
"\"I was in the car when he got shot, and I don't know what happened,\" he said."
"The researchers also found that the people who had the most exercise were also the most likely to be in better health, and that the people who were least healthy were also the least likely to be in better health."
"\"He's not going to be the guy that we're looking to beat,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that's the case, because you can't just go out and buy a house,\" he said."
"The two- year- old, who has been missing since early Monday morning, is believed to have died from the injuries sustained during the attack."
"There is no doubt that the United States will have a strong ally in this fight and that will be the best thing for the U. S. and Russia."
"A police spokeswoman said the officer was not injured and no arrests had been made in connection with the incident."
"\"I've been in and out of the club for a long time and I've got to thank the club for all the support they've given me,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's the right way to do this, but I'll go with it."
"He is not the only one who has said that his wife should have the right to vote for him in the next election."
"The loss of a high- profile client like him could have been a blow to the club's reputation and I'm not sure I would have supported him."
"The United States has been at odds with Russia over the issue, with the Kremlin accusing the United States of a \"campaign of lies \"against the Assad regime."
"It is the second year in a row the council has lost the right to charge a fine, after the previous three years."
"\"We don't have to worry about what's going to happen in the future,\" he said."
"\"We have to keep in mind that this is not a referendum on Europe or Britain or the United States,\" he said."
"But he added: \"I don't think that the government should be forced to go out of its way to get its hands on a lot of that."
"I think that's why they've been so successful in their short time in the league and how they've been able to get the support they need to be successful."
"I've always been a big fan of the characters and I think they're just so funny, so funny that it's hard to keep them apart from each other."
"\"It's very, very difficult to get out of the market for a car when you're selling it at a lower price,\" he said."
"\"It's not like I'm going to do anything for the rest of my life,\" he says."
"The first thing I want to do is to go out and play my best tennis and hopefully I can win a gold medal."
"\"I'm not going to say the president's going to be there, but I'm not going to say he's going to be there,\" she said."
"The man is being held in a police station and is in a stable condition in hospital, with no signs of a serious injury."
"It's a shame that the former England captain had to leave his post, but he was a fantastic player and we're very proud of him."
"The company's share price fell more than 5 per cent to $ 6. 28 in early trading on Wednesday."
"If you're in a relationship with someone who doesn't want you, then it's not worth your time."
"The next day, the president's chief of staff told the president- elect that the Russians would be \"very careful \"about what they say about him."
"\"I'm not really worried about my body, I'm worried about my mind, and I don't want to be in a relationship with my boyfriend,\" she said."
"\"We have a few things going on in the state, but I think we're just going to have to wait and see,\" he said."
"The South China Sea dispute has sparked a wave of protests in the past year and a half, with more than 1, 500 people arrested."
"The group says it has lost more than $ 5 billion in revenue in the past 12 months, which it says is partly due to the collapse of the oil price."
"I don't think it's going to be the last time he's going to do it- it's going to be the last time he's going to do it."
"\"He was in a good place but he was not in a good place and it was not a good place,\" he said."
"\"I've got a pretty good feeling about the team and the players, and I've got a lot of respect for them,\" he said."
"The number of new homes that have been built in the area since the government moved in in the late 1980s has increased by more than half."
"The two men were released from custody on bail at the end of the day and are due back in court on September 22."
"The result of that is that the chances of winning a medal are very small, but if you have a chance of winning a medal, it's very, very good."
"But in the end, the man said he was \"very happy \"with the new arrangements, which were being reviewed by the company's board."
"In the past, we have always been able to sell to the highest end of the market, and I think that is a good thing."
"He is not only the best player in the world, but he is also one of the most beautiful, and he has been for a long time."
"The most recent poll showed Trump ahead of Clinton by 3 percentage points, with 33 percent support for Clinton and 27 percent for Trump."
"The city's transportation department said Wednesday that a road closure was in effect for several hours and that a portion of the road was closed until further notice."
"It is a one- off, but we know we need to get it right and we're going to be all over it."
"\"I don't know if they are going to be able to afford it, but they are going to have to,\" he said."
"\"It's a shame that we can't get it done in the next three months because it's been a very difficult week,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested on Tuesday in a raid that came after a terror alert was raised for the weekend."
"The girl was taken to hospital with serious injuries and a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder."
"We've got to keep pushing, and if we don't, then we've got to be prepared to do it."
"The study found that a mother who had a child with a heart condition who had been in the system for four months had an increased risk of developing heart failure."
"And I'm sure if you look at the way the media is reporting it, you can't say that's the truth."
"The National Institute of Economic and Social Research, which is responsible for the report, said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the report's findings."
"We are not going to get the opportunity to play in the Champions League next season, we're not going to play in the Premier League next season."
"I think it's a good thing that they're coming out and playing in the tournament, that they're not playing in the tournament."
"The government's announcement on Wednesday is aimed at giving investors more reason to invest, but it is still not enough to meet the target."
"The U. S. has not yet launched a strike on Islamic State militants, but said it was planning to strike them."
"The only thing that really matters is that I'm playing the best I can, and I'm not giving up."
"If you have a problem with a credit card, ask for a credit report and if you can't afford to pay it off, contact a credit union."
"I had no idea, because I didn't have a house and I was in a relationship with a man who had been in the business for a while."
"The measure, which was passed by the Senate last year, was signed by President Barack Obama in 2012 and is being considered again by Congress."
"A spokeswoman for the Department for Education said: \"This is a matter for the Department to determine and it is an ongoing process."
"\"We were all nervous because we didn't know if we'd be able to stay in the game,\" he said."
"\"The president of the United States, if you are elected, I hope you will do the right thing,\" he said."
"He was not in a position to have a look at the big picture and said that the next few months will be difficult."
"We have to be careful not to push the limits of what we can do, and I'm not going to be able to do that."
"The couple's two children, a daughter and a son, were taken from them by the man and taken to hospital with injuries that were not life- threatening."
"It was the first time in the history of the film that a gay character has been played by a straight actor."
"I'm not saying I would have done that if I didn't think it was a possibility."
"\"I've been to a lot of places, and I've never seen this before,\" he said."
"The Russians have said they will seek to end the conflict in Syria, but they have been unable to do so."
"\"We're going to take care of the team and then we're going to go back and win games,\" he said."
"I think it's really important to get the ball out of your hands and to take it into your hands and to have a chance to make a play."
"The Australian dollar has been under pressure in recent weeks after a series of high- profile comments from the Reserve Bank."
"\"It is an extraordinary moment to be able to say I've been in this position for so many years,\" she said."
"The measure would allow the government to negotiate with private companies and banks that make the same claims as those made by the government."
"I am not going to say what I would do if I were a woman, but I would be a woman."
"The company said it was \"optimistic \"about the future of the project and it would be in a position to respond to customer complaints."
"The top of the list is the biggest prize: a $ 2 million gift from a friend."
"\"It's not like I've got a job, I'm not going to be the guy to do the job,\" said the 31- year- old."
"The agency said the woman was taken to a hospital in a stable condition and had a \"significant head injury \"but was not in a critical condition."
"He said: \"I have to say I am not surprised that people are concerned about this because it is not unusual to see some people in a situation where they are being treated badly."
"I've been on a lot of different forms of entertainment, but this is the first time I've been on a new show."
"\"I was very surprised to see that she had been in the hospital for a month and a half,\" she said."
"The men are accused of shooting at least one victim and then killing a second, a police source told The Associated Press."
"\"The latest data from the Reserve Bank of Australia shows that the economy grew by 0. 4 per cent in the first quarter of 2016,\" he said."
"The only way to keep up with the latest technology is to go to the store and pick up a new iPhone."
"The company said in a statement that it had \"decided to close down \"the store in order to \"make room for further sales \"and that it had not yet determined the closure date."
"The club's most recent owners, who are also members of the board, have also been accused of a cover- up by the club."
"\"If I can't do this, I can't do this in this country,\" he said."
"He has been living in a house with a few people in the area, but it's been a long time since he'd been there."
"If you have been charged with a crime, you should contact the police immediately, and if you are found guilty, your case will be considered for prosecution."
"The European Union has said it will not allow Turkey to access the sea route to the EU single market for refugees from Syria, Libya and elsewhere."
"\"I'm just trying to figure out how to get back on track,\" he said, noting that he has not yet been able to make a full recovery."
"I was disappointed to see him go but I'm still confident in him and I'm very happy to have him back."
"I'm hoping that by the time I get back to the track, I'll be able to do the same thing."
"In the end, the government decided to take a more measured approach and called on its citizens to register to vote."
"\"We have been in talks with the authorities in order to get the case heard and we are optimistic that the matter will be heard,\" he said."
"I was just waiting to see what was going to happen and then I realised I was going to die."
"And you can make an educated guess as to whether the person who is going to make the best decision is going to be a man or woman."
"I don't know what the impact will be, but I'd like to see the fans feel better about it."
"\"I am not going to tell you what I have done, I am not going to tell you what I have done,\" he said."
"\"There's a lot of things that we need to do that we haven't done yet,\" he said."
"The top- flight of international football, with a world- class coaching staff, is a unique place and it is important to keep the quality and quality of football in mind."
"The moment he was arrested, he was in a car with his friend and family, and was taken to the police station, where he was later charged with attempted murder."
"He's going to be one of the best players in the game and he has to be strong and confident and I think he's going to be that."
"We don't want to see it as a struggle, but we want to see it as an opportunity to change the way we live our lives."
"He said that he had been with the family for more than a year and had not heard from them since."
"The other day, I was walking through the streets of my neighborhood and there was a guy standing on the street."
"The process of getting a mortgage has been a long one, but it is finally here, and the prospect of a mortgage is getting much easier."
"He added: \"I can't imagine what the consequences would be if I got to do that."
"If I'm playing the game the way I've been playing in the last couple of years, I'm going to be ready to go."
"\"I don't think I've ever seen a president that has had a second term with a black president,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased from 1. 1 million to 2. 4 million, it said."
"The only thing I could do was to look at the game and make sure that I was in the right position to do that."
"The idea of using a smartphone to take pictures was first proposed by an American photographer in the 1980s."
"A senior source told the Times that the government had sought to work with the unions to help them resolve the issue."
"We don't know what the outcome will be but we are looking forward to the opportunity to work with him."
"I don't think it's really appropriate for a team to put themselves in a position where they have to be held to account for their actions."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition has increased by more than 20 percent since the early 1990s, according to the World Health Organization."
"But he said he was not surprised by the poll's findings and would not be surprised if it became the official result of the referendum."
"It's not a matter of being a good quarterback, it's a matter of being able to get to the quarterback, and that's what we're going to do."
"It is a great opportunity to show our support to those who have been affected by the attack and to show that we are prepared to work with them to help them."
"\"We are going to be able to make sure that every child in this country has a quality education,\" she said."
"It's the first time in the history of the World Cup that the hosts have lost in a qualifying game."
"The company also said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion for its Australian operation and it is investing $ 1. 5 billion in the country."
"\"The only thing that I can say is that I have never been a big fan of that,\" he said in a telephone interview."
"\"I've never seen this before, and I don't know if it will be the last,\" she said."
"The key is that you can't just take them out and put them in the ground, you have to find out what they are and then you have to get them out."
"We are now at the point where we are not talking about the future, we are talking about what is happening now."
"The problem is that it's not, but I think the problem is we're too often told that we can't do anything about it."
"\"I'm not a fan of it, but I think it's just the way he's played this year and we've got to keep him in the mix,\" he said."
"The Russian defense ministry said it had not yet received the report, but it was investigating the incident."
"I would like to see a full- time job to help me do my job, but I can't because I have a family."
"The amount of time that the officer took to follow the suspect is unknown, but the officer is believed to have taken the suspect's medication at the time of the incident."
"The country's biggest bank, the Bank of England, has said it will raise its benchmark interest rate to 0. 25 per cent next year."
"\"I think it's a shame because it's a really important project and I've got to do something about it,\" he said."
"It is a really good job and we have got to keep working hard to get back on track and get back to where we want to be."
"The men are alleged to have been involved in a string of attacks on children and were allegedly planning to kill them, the court was told."
"\"There's been a lot of discussion about whether I should go and play for the United States,\" the 24- year- old said."
"He's got a lot of talent and a lot of experience, but I don't think he can be the same player as he was before."
"\"It's a matter of time before I can go to sleep knowing I won't be able to sleep,\" he said."
"He was a key member of the team that won gold at the Olympics, a player who is still a key part of the team."
"We know that in the last few months, the European Central Bank has been working on a new policy to help the economy."
"I think that's the key to the game, and the key to the fans, and to get them to come out and say thank you."
"The third, fourth and fifth place spots are available to voters in the states of Florida, Georgia, Missouri and North Carolina."
"I think it's been a lot of fun to be in that room and see what we can do."
"The White House said the administration is working with the U. N. and other international organizations to address the issue."
"The man is in hospital in a stable condition and is expected to survive, but the woman is in a critical condition."
"The study was supported by the National Institute of Health, the Australian Institute of Health Research and the National Institute for Health Research."
"He said the Government was in a \"difficult place \"after the Brexit vote and was \"not prepared \"to spend the money it has raised for the NHS."
"He is not on the radar of anyone in the world, and his father, a lawyer, has said he will not be allowed to stay in the UK."
"The truth of the matter is that there are so many people that have been affected by this and it is a terrible thing that we can't control."
"He's been on the road for a while now and it's going to be a tough race for him."
"The Russian president said he was \"pleased \"by the progress made by his country's new government, which he called \"historic \"and said it was a \"victory for Russia \"and the EU."
"The second- year quarterback was asked if he would like to play in a game on Sunday against the New York Giants."
"We've got to make sure we get the right players and that's what we're doing right now."
"It's a really good opportunity to be able to play in front of the fans and get a chance to see some of the best players."
"In the past, the board has been criticized for its lack of transparency, particularly in its handling of the Zika virus."
"It's a good way of showing the school you're a good kid and you've got to be able to handle it."
"He said: \"It is a shame that so many of us have been so close to the end of the season."
"The UK is in a position to take a \"hard Brexit \"and we will see it in the next few months."
"He was one of the first players to know that the vast majority of players are not allowed to be in the stands."
"\"I've had a few guys tell me I'm a little bit too much and I'm not,\" he said."
"We have to be able to say to the guys, \"We're going to go out and do it,\" and we've got to be able to say to them, \"We're going to do it."
"The 15- year- old girl, who was not named, was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital where she was treated for a broken arm."
"A: I think the most important thing is to get the right balance of people in the right place at the right time."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to stay here forever, but I think it's time for me to go,\" he said."
"The FBI, which is investigating the matter, has not yet responded, a spokeswoman said."
"If you want to do something, you have to be able to control the process and you have to be able to stay in the moment, because it's all about the next person."
"The third- quarter earnings per share were $ 4. 28, down from $ 4. 28 a year earlier, and the company's full- year guidance was $ 4. 17."
"I'm not going to make a decision until I have read the documents, but I'm going to look at them and make a decision based on what I know."
"And in a way, it's a gift that we can't just ignore, because we're not supposed to."
"\"I have had a lot of people tell me they think it's a bad thing to have a child,\" she says."
"\"I was so excited to get on the show and I didn't want to miss out on a chance to see the show,\" he said."
"I want to do the best job I can to help my team win and that's what we've done."
"And the more you use the app, the more likely it is that you will be able to contact someone directly."
"We want to see a change in how we see the world, and we want to see it be a way for people to have a voice and be heard."
"The world is getting closer to the day when the human race is expected to live for more than a billion years."
"He said: \"We are disappointed in the way this decision has been taken and we have made a number of changes to our culture."
"They've just got to be able to find a way to win the game and keep winning games."
"The new school will be a lot of fun for all of us, but we're not going to be the same school as before."
"If you're not able to get your hands on one, it's a good idea to order them online."
"I have a lot of people who are in the media who have been in the media for a long time and I don't want to be that person."
"The latest survey of 1, 000 adults finds that 63 percent of Americans are more likely to have a job than they did when Obama was in office."
"I don't think it's a shock to the community that they've come to us and told us that we were going to die."
"The company's shares were down 3. 9 per cent at $ 28. 29 on Thursday, the biggest drop since the company posted its biggest loss in 2015."
"I think that was the first time I thought about it, but I wasn't sure what it was."
"I have to do everything I can to keep my body healthy and in shape, and I have to do that by playing well."
"It is not clear whether the alleged abuse occurred during the period of the alleged abuse, or whether the alleged victim was in the immediate aftermath of the alleged offences."
"The other major issue is that I'm not sure that there's any other way for me to express myself."
"The White House statement said the U. S. has taken in about 400 refugees in the past year, with the majority from Syria."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it because I have no idea what I'm doing,\" he said."
"It's a big game for me and I'm going to be watching it closely and I'm going to be talking to my teammates."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and were taken to a police station, where they were questioned by police."
"The move is expected to cost about $ 1 billion to build and is expected to be completed by the end of 2017."
"They have been really good, they've got a lot of good players, they've got a lot of good players who are not only going to be playing, but they are going to be playing for the club."
"And we don't have to be a total joke about it, because it's not going to be a real conversation."
"He's the kind of guy who's going to make you feel better about yourself, and it's going to make you feel better about yourself."
"He said: \"We are working on a plan to bring back the horse back to life for the future."
"It's the first time I've been in this position and I think it's a pretty good indication of the type of team we're going to have."
"And it's a big deal because I'm not the only one who's worried about the future."
"We've had a lot of injuries, but I think this year is a little different, and it's been a bit of a learning experience."
"I don't think it's going to change the way I play, but I'm going to try and stay healthy."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a game plan, because there is a lot of players out there that are better than me,\" she said."
"The five- year- old boy's mother was also at the scene and the family has since been told she was OK."
"The question is whether the system is as effective as it could be, or if it can be improved."
"\"I think it's important for us to show that we're not just a football club,\" he said."
"I've been to a lot of games and I've been really happy with the result but I'm not happy with the way I played."
"I don't think he's a guy who wants to go out and do things that people don't want to do."
"The worst part is that they were all in the same place, and I'm not even sure what happened."
"\"I've seen the mistakes made in the past, but this is a new one,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if they're all the same, but I have a feeling it's going to be the same."
"The more I talk about the role of women in the story, the more I realize that I'm talking about a very different, very diverse community."
"\"It's a great opportunity to show off your skills and show that you can do it in a way that you haven't been able to before,\" he said."
"If he wins, he will be the first to admit he has been wrong about the 2016 election, which he said he won't have to tell the public."
"The new year will be a great time to celebrate with a new Christmas, and I'm sure you will be enjoying the same."
"A majority of people in the poll said they would be more likely to vote for Clinton, while 44 percent said they would be less likely to vote for Trump."
"\"I didn't think I would have to leave the house, and I was feeling really good about it,\" she said."
"\"I'm not a fan of a lot of the things he's been doing,\" he said of the presidential candidates."
"The report also warned that the number of people aged under 50 who are diagnosed with dementia could be significantly reduced if the government's dementia strategy were implemented."
"\"I am so happy that I had a chance to be part of the team and make a difference,\" said the 27- year- old."
"The latest figures show that the number of people using the internet fell by 12 per cent last year, to 1. 5 million, a rise of 1. 7 per cent compared with the same period last year."
"There is a good chance that a decision will be made in the next few weeks but it is important to keep a close eye on the situation."
"I don't know how many people will come out and say that they are against me because I have done this before."
"It was a huge relief to see the boys on the pitch, they've been doing their job and they deserve to win the title."
"The prime minister has said he would not be drawn on whether the UK would leave the EU if it did not win the next referendum."
"The government says the reforms are necessary to meet the needs of the growing number of low- income families, particularly in rural areas."
"The NHS is under huge pressure, and the cuts are so deep that it's not even clear how much of it is being spent."
"\"I think the U. S. is a leader in the world in what we do,\" he said."
"The State Department said it would not discuss the investigation, but did say it had found no evidence to suggest a foreign government had tried to influence the election."
"We have to come together as a team and play hard in the second half and make sure we finish strong."
"\"I'm not going to give up my job and I'll be back in the same position I was in,\" he said."
"He said he was trying to avoid the area but could not see anyone in the area and could not see the man's vehicle."
"She said: \"We need to make sure we make sure the young people are not being turned away at the border."
"\"I can't remember a time when the United States and Britain were so close,\" he said."
"We are not going to be able to have a successful game of football because we don't have the resources to do that."
"\"I don't know how many people are involved, but I do know that there are a lot of people,\" he said."
"The only time I saw him was at a party, which I've never been to in my life."
"\"He's an amazing person and he's a very hard worker,\" she said, adding that she had been taking her own life."
"He was accused of being a \"very big fan of the original \"and a \"very popular \"player on the show."
"The Prime Minister also said he was \"disappointed \"at the \"dramatic \"drop in the pound following the referendum result."
"The government's annual report on the economy, released on Monday, showed growth of 0. 9 per cent in the second half of the year."
"\"We are in a position where the president is going to make decisions that are not in the best interests of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I am confident that if I am going to win, I am going to win with the same intensity that I have shown in my last three games,\" he said."
"The current US administration has said it wants to limit the nuclear- weapons program, and the US Congress has passed legislation to do just that."
"\"It's a beautiful day, and I'm going to miss it so much,\" she said."
"The worst part is that I don't have to do anything, I just have to do it."
"The president of the United States will have the final say on any policy decisions made by the president- elect,\" the official said."
"\"If you look at the evidence, I don't believe that's the case,\" he said."
"The main difference is that the official unemployment rate is now 1. 4 per cent, compared with 1. 3 per cent in September, a month before the referendum."
"\"I have to say, I'm not surprised that the players are going to be disappointed,\" he said."
"He is also a very good player, he has been a very good player for the club for a long time and we have to see that."
"The report said that the UK had the highest proportion of workers in the EU with 32 per cent of people aged over 65."
"The report says that the number of people who have lost a job has fallen by 1. 4 million since 2009, the most recent year for which figures are available."
"I think we're going to have a very good year, we're going to be very good on paper, but we're not going to be good on the field in the playoffs."
"She said she did not want to be the only one to die in a car accident because she was too young to drive."
"And I think it's a good thing that we're doing this, because if you can't do it, then you can't really be the leader."
"The company said it had no plans to increase its stock price, which is up nearly $ 3 billion in the last two months."
"A 28- year- old man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after he was allegedly hit by a car."
"\"It's a little bit like a lot of the other things that I do,\" he said."
"We have a lot of people who are working in the industry who are very much in the business of making money and they are really hard to find."
"It's not about the numbers, it's about the fact that we are a very, very small country."
"The company's stock rose to $ 3. 29 in after- hours trading on Tuesday, reaching $ 4. 99 in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"He added that the U. S. military would also use its drone technology to strike Islamic State targets."
"He's got a really good shot, and I'm not sure what he'll be able to do on the court."
"The first time I played in the World Series I was a little bit injured, so I didn't really know what was going to happen."
"\"I know how much I've helped my team, but I'm not going to do anything that would make me a better player,\" he said."
"He's got a good team and he's got a good head, so we're going to see what happens."
"We will be looking at what we can do to reduce the number of people who are not able to go to the doctor."
"I'm sure I'll be one to watch and hopefully I can be one to watch a lot of times."
"The children are now being treated in a hospital, but no further details were immediately available."
"The other side of the argument is that the state's prison population is too low and the number of people who are there is too small."
"The UK is the second- largest market for those types of projects, after China, with a record of 1, 000."
"The researchers said that while the study was not designed to show how the two types of cannabis affect one another, it did show that the two types of drugs are associated."
"But in the end, the only way to get to the bottom of this is to find out the truth."
"\"You know, I was born in the same city, and I'm an American citizen,\" he said."
"It's a very good thing for a lot of people, but we're not sure how much is needed."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital."
"He's a very good player, and we're not going to give him a lot of credit for that."
"\"The fact is that the world has a lot to learn from it,\" he said, \"but it's not the first time."
"\"The question is, are we going to be able to get that out of this system and we're going to be able to have a conversation about this?"
"The U. S. and Saudi Arabia have been working together on a joint effort to defeat the Islamic State group."
"\"I have a family and a girlfriend and I can't imagine how I would feel if I had to be away from my family for the rest of my life,\" he said."
"If you look at the big picture, the people who are going to be doing the most damage are the people who are going to have the most money."
"The number of people who have been killed in the war has dropped to 1. 5 million, from 1. 5 million a year ago, a government official said."
"It's a good feeling to be part of something you're part of and that you're part of something you're part of and you're part of something you're part of."
"The researchers found that the people who had the most emotional episodes were those who had the most money, those who had the least money, and those who were most emotional."
"But he said: \"We have to take a step back and say we're not a racist party."
"In the early years of the decade, it was the only way to buy a house in the city, and then move into it."
"She said she was \"shocked \"to learn of the alleged abuse but that she had not been informed of the incident by the police."
"\"He had a very high profile but I don't think he's got the profile to play in a team,\" he said."
"I've had a few people come in and say, \"I can't believe you're here, you're not welcome here,\" but I've never had any of them."
"The only thing I can say is that I've been very lucky to play in the Premier League and I'm delighted to have been selected."
"\"I'm going to be the leader, and I'm going to be the first woman president,\" Clinton said at a rally in Philadelphia."
"The man, who has not been identified, was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, police said."
"I think it's important to get the message out that we need to work together to achieve this."
"In a statement on the website, the union said: \"The deal is a step in the right direction and the Government has been clear that they want to achieve this."
"\"We don't have the resources to do this, so I'm not sure we will have that,\" he said."
"\"You can't just come in and say,' I'm not going to do this,' \"she said."
"The company said it had been working with police in the area and that the driver had been taken to a hospital for treatment."
"The changes to the system will affect more than 1, 000 employees, with a further 100 to be affected by the changes to the gender pay system."
"If you're a young person and you're looking for a job, you're probably not going to get it."
"The data is based on a survey of 1, 500 people who have never been to a doctor, and the majority of them are women."
"\"We have to be very careful about the numbers that we put out there, because we can't be too careful with the numbers that we put out there,\" she said."
"The UK will leave the European Union if we leave the European Union, which means we will have to pay our fair share of taxes."
"The study was carried out in a private, non- profit organization, and it is unclear whether the figures are the result of any government pressure or the results of the study itself."
"We're not going to be able to take a young kid from a high school in a place like this and we're not going to be able to take them from a college."
"We've got to win games and we've got to keep it in the game and we've got to do that in the middle of the game."
"\"We've got a lot of good players and a lot of good players in the squad, so it's a good team to be in,\" he said."
"He said he was \"very disappointed \"by the ruling and has not spoken to the judge since."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the use of a drone by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2013."
"The former home secretary was the first woman to lead a major government department, and the first woman to be a cabinet minister."
"\"I've been watching him a little bit, and he's been great,\" said one person familiar with the relationship."
"The club also confirmed that it had received a complaint from the player's agent about the situation."
"\"I think the best thing I could do for him is to get him to sit back and be with me,\" Jackson said."
"\"There is a great deal of pressure to do this and to do it in a way that is just right for the players,\" he said."
"The Government's national strategy to tackle climate change will focus on a \"one- stop \"network for people to get advice and support."
"The last time a Republican won the White House was in 2008, when George W. Bush won the popular vote with 78. 6 million votes."
"It's the best thing that's happened to me in my life, and I'm very happy for him."
"The figures, which came to light last week, show that the average monthly wage for a woman in the UK has increased by just 1. 2 per cent since the start of the financial year last year."
"The report says that despite the improvements in the economy, the impact of the recession has been \"extremely difficult \"to measure."
"We've had a couple of games where we've been able to get a few points but we've lost a couple of games and it's been a tough game for us."
"The government's spending on the military, which has a military budget of $ 5. 3 billion, is down from $ 5. 2 billion a year ago."
"If you don't see that, then you have no idea what you are doing. \"I am doing my best,\" he said."
"\"I've been to a couple of games where you don't get the ball,\" he said."
"The problem is, there's not a lot of information out there about it, and I don't know how many people are actually aware of it."
"The government said it would review the rules and regulations to ensure they are consistent with the UK's place in the world."
"The game will be played at the United States Open in March, with the first match on April 4."
"I'm not sure if it's because of the game or because I just have to focus on the game."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of planning an attack on a public place and were charged with the offences of making a false statement and possession of a weapon."
"\"The players are in a good place and it is not going to affect them too much, but I don't think they will be disappointed,\" he said."
"The body of work that I have done for the NHS over the last 15 years has been very much linked to the NHS."
"The boys were able to get away with a few mistakes, but we didn't do anything wrong."
"There are a lot of people who will say I should have done more to get the job done,\" he said."
"If we don't have enough money to buy a house, we're going to have to sell it."
"In the US, there are no laws preventing the sale of alcohol in bars, restaurants or bars on the streets."
"We have a lot of young players coming through, and hopefully we can get some good results."
"\"We can't rely on the government to help us,\" he said in a statement, adding that he was \"confident \"that the government would be able to help."
"I've been here for a few years, but I didn't know what to do."
"\"It was a lot of fun, but I think it was a great way to end the season,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to take anything away from him, he's a good guy and he's going to stay out there,\" he said."
"\"I've had a lot of people come up to me saying, \"I don't want you to come up to me, I don't want you to come up to me."
"If I could give you a list of my favourite songs, I'd be happy to listen to them all."
"The report found the number of migrants who arrived in Greece from Turkey in the first half of 2016 was almost half the number who arrived in the first half of 2014."
"\"If you don't have that, then you're going to have a hard time,\" she said."
"There is no doubt that we are going to be playing better than we have been in the last few games."
"The report found that a small proportion of people in the survey who were exposed to the virus during their lifetime were at risk."
"It was a tough decision for him to make, but we are very proud of him."
"If you want to get the best out of your life, you need to have a plan, and the best plan is to take care of your body."
"He was not in the car, he said, and he did not know if he had been hurt or if he had been driving."
"\"The final question I have to ask is, do you have a strong belief in the government's position?\"she said."
"It's not just about the colour of the glass, it's about the whole experience of being in a glass house."
"\"This is a world that's not really safe,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to let people down \"by the country's strict gun laws."
"We are a very different team, a very different team, we have a very different way of playing, and we are a team that has to play better."
"\"I don't know why he would do that, but I do know that he's not a good president,\" she said."
"We have to make sure that we have a strategy and plan in place to deal with it,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new law that will make it easier for companies to charge their employees more."
"He said:'I think we need to get on with our lives and then we're off to the races to make sure we're in the best shape possible."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been charged with three counts of murder and one count of attempted murder."
"\"The majority of the people in the camp are still suffering from the symptoms, and there's no way of knowing if they're going to survive or not,\" he said."
"If we can keep up with the pace of the game, it's a good thing."
"It was a surprise to me, but I'm not sure I was expecting it to be so close."
"The government is also planning an investigation into the safety of the local public and will look at the possibility of bringing in an outside agency to work with the inquiry."
"\"It's not the same as winning, but it's a win that can't be won,\" he said."
"I'm not sure why they would have it in their heads that they could have a problem like this."
"\"I don't think we've got a good way to go, especially in the first half,\" he added."
"The report, which is due to be published next week, is the first time the government has made clear that it would not accept free trade agreements with the EU."
"A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said: \"The Metropolitan Police are investigating after a man was injured in a collision on London's North Tower."
"If you were in the middle of a conversation and someone asked you something, you would probably say you didn't want to be involved."
"The fact that the Russians had been able to get in and take control of the air base was not good news for the U. S. and its allies."
"The Republican nominee has yet to publicly state whether he will accept the nomination, and whether he will accept the nomination in person or via Twitter."
"It's a very tough game, but I'm excited for the guys to come out and play and we're going to take a step forward."
"In a separate interview with the BBC, he added:'I'm not going to say it's going to be the same as last year."
"He said the security guard was not injured and did not know the identity of the victim or the circumstances surrounding her death."
"The agency's new head, Dr. David Gray, has a lot of experience in this area, and he has been a top adviser to the agency."
"In a statement, the charity said: \"We are disappointed that the decision to stop funding the charity has led to a reduction in the number of staff."
"The official said that the government was working with the union to find a solution to the issue of pay, but that the only way to bring the issue to a head was to make changes."
"\"The Government is committed to ensuring that all refugees who are able to apply for asylum are given the opportunity to live and work in the country,\" she said."
"It's hard to know where to go from here, but I'm looking forward to seeing how it all plays out."
"We've got to do it, we've got to get the best out of ourselves, and we've got to do it in a way that's going to be fair to the players."
"\"I don't know if you could have done it in the first place, but it's definitely something that I will have to work on,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how he's going to get out of the car, or what the outcome is going to be,\" he said."
"\"I think the other thing I can say to you is, if you are a man, you are not going to have sex,\" she said."
"The first two days of the new year are a time to think about what is important to you, and what is not important to you."
"\"We don't know what the real cost of the game is,\" he said, adding that he had not yet decided on the final price."
"\"We are working with our partners in the UK and Australia to help them with this,\" the company said in a statement."
"The man was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning, and police said he had been arrested in connection with the alleged rape."
"\"I think it was a terrible thing to do to my family, and I don't know what it was,\" she said."
"The government has been accused of trying to delay the referendum by allowing the Scottish National Party to run a campaign against it."
"We've got a lot of good players and we're trying to make them feel comfortable and get them going again."
"The prime minister is due to hold a debate on the UK's role in the EU by the end of the month."
"I am not going to be the one to make decisions on who is going to be the head of the party."
"The man's mother said:'He was a good kid, he was just a little boy, but he was a bit scared."
"\"You don't want to be the one who's going to go home and do something you haven't done in a long time,\" he said."
"He said the Prime Minister's spokesman said: \"The Prime Minister will be speaking to the Scottish Government today."
"The agreement will be presented to the UN General Assembly, which will then vote on the final agreement, which will then be signed by the president and the prime minister."
"If you're going to have a conversation about it, you have to have a good conversation about it, and I'm not going to do it."
"The man's wife, who was also at the time, said he had a knife and had been in a relationship with her for a number of years."
"The two sides agreed to work together to address the issue of the long- term health risks posed by the drug, which is being tested in trials in the United States."
"The company said it was also working with other investors to bring in new talent and to help it expand into the U. S. market."
"The government has already raised the limit to \u00a3 100, 000 for each child who has been admitted to hospital."
"The last time I was in the office, I was in a very, very rough place, and I just had to take care of myself."
"The only way we can be sure of that is if we can be sure that we can find the right person for the job."
"We have a lot of young players coming through and it's not a big deal if they can't play in the first team."
"\"It is clear from the documents that the government will take steps to improve our relationship with the EU and to keep us safe,\" she said."
"He said he was unable to make a decision on whether to go to Syria or not, but he would \"probably \"take the risk if he had to."
"It is not the first time that the Reserve Bank has cut rates in the past three years and a drop in the economy would be a blow to the Reserve Bank."
"\"I think it's time for us to get some answers on what's going on,\" he said."
"I don't know if he was in the house or not, but he was there at the time."
"The minister's office said it had not yet been informed of the incident and had not yet been able to contact the police."
"It's like we're living in a world where it's easier to be a man than a woman."
"I think there is a lot of good advice out there about what to do when you're at the centre of a fight."
"\"We have a culture of being able to do what we want to do, and I think that's what this is,\" she said."
"Theresa May has insisted she is \"very proud \"of the way she has voted for Brexit in the referendum, which she said was a \"significant \"vote."
"I'm not saying that we should have to do that every year, but I think we should try to do it every year."
"They are the ones who will do the most damage in the first two months, and will be the ones to get a clean bill of health."
"It is the second time in the past 12 months that an officer has been killed in a shooting in the city."
"The research also found that people who had been drinking alcohol for a long time were more likely to develop a type 2 diabetes."
"The number of people who are likely to be affected by this change is estimated to be around 50 million, according to the report."
"The jury is still out on whether the man was in possession of a gun when he was shot."
"\"I think the message that we're sending is that the government is taking all of the information that we have, and they're not taking it seriously,\" he said."
"\"This is the first time that a vote has been taken on a matter of this nature in the history of the U. S. Senate,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure I would have voted for him if I didn't have the money to pay for him,\" she said."
"The new rules are being introduced as part of a government campaign to combat corruption in the oil industry, which is struggling to cope with the rising number of people who are seeking work."
"The other side is the real one, and I don't think you're going to get away with it."
"In fact, a recent survey by the U. S. Department of Labor found that the average wage for a full- time worker in the United States was $ 7. 21 an hour."
"It's an amazing opportunity for us to make sure that we're doing everything possible to support the women who have gone through it."
"\"This is a win for the family, a win for the community and a win for the community,\" she added."
"\"We need a lot of time to make sure we get this right and if we do we'll be able to do it,\" he added."
"The company said it had been told it would have to pay a penalty of $ 1. 2 million to settle a class- action lawsuit brought by the state."
"He said he would consider the option of leaving the European Union if it became clear he was not a \"good enough \"player to stay."
"\"It is a very sad situation that we are not getting the results we need,\" he said."
"And you can't have a great relationship with people who don't have the same passion, the same passion for the game."
"The same cannot be said of the other three, who were all born in the United States but have lived in the United States for years."
"The first thing I would say is that you have to make sure you are getting a good performance and that you are going to win."
"\"We are going to be looking at all the options in terms of the way that we play the game and the way we play the game in the Premier League,\" he said."
