"The video is a reference to a recent New Hampshire poll showing that Clinton and Trump are neck and neck in the race for the Republican nomination."
"In the end, the company's shares rose by more than 6 percent in pre- trading trading on Thursday."
"The device, which is meant to be used in a small space in the head, is not a standard one- day- old product."
"I had a wonderful time in the dressing room and I'm not going to forget it,\" he said."
"We don't know how it will play out, but we're confident that we can get a win in the next few days."
"The bank's board of directors also said it would \"consider \"all options \"to improve its business, although it did not say when."
"I'm disappointed in myself for not scoring goals, but I'm not in the team and I have to show that I can play as well as I can."
"If you're not going to go to the gym and work out, then you're probably going to get sick."
"We'll need to get that done before we get to a reality show and not a movie,\" he said."
"They are an excellent team and I think they have a great future and they are a team that will have a very good future."
"The poll found that about 7 in 10 Americans think the government should do more to combat climate change."
"They are the ones who make the most of it, and that's why we've got to do everything we can to ensure that they are represented at the highest level."
"I think the world has changed in a huge way in the last few years and you have to keep in mind that this is not the first time we have been targeted."
"\"I want to be a part of the revolution and have a strong voice in the world and I want to be a part of that revolution,\" he said."
"He says that his personal effects are made in China and his mother lives in Taiwan, which he feels has no right to be in the UK."
"He was caught on CCTV pulling out his gun and shooting a woman in the face in a park."
"This week, the US Congress passed a new law that would make it illegal for companies to use the \"fair- market value \"or \"fair- value \"of a trade deal with the EU."
"We have to take this into consideration when we are talking about the deficit, and that is the issue, not the economy,\" she said."
"He said: \"If you're going to play for the club, you have to look after your own interests."
"I am not sure I am going to be able to spend more time with my kids or with my husband because I am still a woman, and I have to do what I do best, work hard and go to work every day."
"The images of women, children and men with the Zika virus are also becoming more common, the researchers said."
"It's been a long time since we've had a win and we're pleased with the result."
"I didn't know what to expect- it was a little bit different than the usual one- but I thought it was a really good performance."
"The former secretary of state is the first female US president and the first to serve as a sitting president of the United States."
"It's a big change for the team, not only because they're going to be better, but because of how they've been played."
"I will continue to lead the fight for the things that matter most to me, and I hope to be a leader in this fight."
"We have to be in the middle of it and try and create some space in the box and I think we're going to win."
"\"I don't want to see them, I want them to be safe and secure,\" he said."
"For example, a 20- year- old man could face up to a \u00a3 15 fine, or up to a \u00a3 10, 000 fine, or both."
"The building has since been converted into a four- bedroom house and a three- bedroom, three- bathroom house, and the area has been re- built to house the couple's three children."
"At the time of the investigation, the firm said it was investigating the use of one of the materials to promote the Islamic State terror group."
"\"It's not the first time I've had to go through this, but it's the last,\" he said."
"For the first time in nearly a decade, the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits is falling, the Labor Department said on Thursday."
"The only person who can tell me if he's a good guy, or a bad guy, is when he's in the same boat."
"\"I hope that he will be back in a very, very short time,\" she said."
"The person with the correct information is usually the person who made the decision to use the tool, but this can happen quickly."
"I was a little bit worried about my career, but I'm a bit more confident now that I'm going to be able to play again."
"But I think the primary was a little bit more competitive than I would have liked, because the secondary is really strong and it's a long season."
"He did not respond to a request for comment from The Associated Press on Tuesday and his only public comments on Monday were that he did not want to see Trump's tax returns."
"The jury is still out on whether the girl's body was found with a knife, or whether she was killed by the killer."
"If you're looking to buy a house, here are some good ideas to consider."
"I don't think we've been able to find the right balance between putting the ball in the box and trying to get the right type of player on the pitch."
"The police chief, who is also an officer in the unit, is not yet ready to talk about the shooting."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're taking our hands off the ball and that we're playing really well,\" he said."
"We're in a really good position, with two of the best teams in the league and a good team in the middle of the pack."
"I'm sure the fans will be happy to have that last minute game and that's what we've done for us."
"The first half was really good, but we needed to win the second half and we didn't."
"He said the main reason for the \"damage \"to the family was that they were \"willing to move \"and the family would be able to move home."
"\"If I had to choose between one or the other, I'd go for the latter,\" he says."
"\"The fact that I'm making a film about him is a sign of the kind of thing that I want to be able to do,\" he said."
"If you don't have a mortgage, you can easily save for a mortgage at any point in the future."
"The U. S. State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the report."
"It is not just a matter of what is going to happen ; it's the nature of the game, and I think it's the same for both of us."
"But it's about the people who have come to our country, and it's about the people who have been here for generations."
"He was part of a small group of athletes who were both competing at the Rio Olympics and weren't involved in any of the doping investigations."
"\"We've got to get our identity and the people that are being affected, and we've got to make sure we are aware of it,\" he said."
"The decision was made to get rid of the gold standard in a bid to create a more equal world for the world's first people."
"The result is the children are now in school with the rest of the family and they have no choice but to leave."
"He was convicted of the murder of his father and was sentenced to life in jail, which he says is a life sentence."
"We've got to be able to pick and choose which we want to do, and it's not always going to be easy."
"The Russian Defense Ministry said on Tuesday it had reached the Aleppo area and that the rebels had killed an army officer and three civilians."
"She said she had been surprised to learn that her mother's new job was to raise her four children, ages six, two and six."
"We have to be able to take care of our own, and we have to do that in the best way that we can."
"I want to say thank you for having me, because you have been great to me and I'm really grateful for what you've done for me and my family."
"The chief executive of the Swedish Radio company said that there were several people who had been involved but that the company's management was not involved."
"\"We've had a pretty good run of results so far and that's good for us,\" he said."
"The next stop is the Amazon site, which is available in the UK and Ireland, but it is also available in France, Germany and Italy."
"It is important to understand that the right thing for the government to do is to stop the boats from going in and out of the country."
"\"There are a lot of people that are now trying to make the arguments that I don't want to hear,\" he says."
"The Prime Minister will make the remarks at a time when the SNP's campaign to remain in the European Union is already losing ground."
"In the days since the announcement, a growing number of people have spoken out against the EU's plans to open up the UK to refugees."
"The Trump campaign also said it would not be taking sides in the presidential contest, and it has not yet made any formal decision on a candidate."
"\"We need to be careful in our thinking and our enforcement of laws that protect our people and the environment,\" he said."
"It's a big, big deal, because it's like we've been through five or six years, it's been a process."
"They are not the first to have been targeted by a judge for doing their job, but they are the first to have been fined for doing their job."
"The latest figures for the second quarter of 2015 show that employment growth in the private sector has been flat for five years."
"\"I am very excited about the potential of the new product, and the opportunity of it being available in a range of different areas of the UK,\" he said."
"I don't want to be in the same boat as the rest of the team, but it's the first time I've had to do it."
"I've got two boys on my team and we've got a lot of younger guys so it's a very nice atmosphere."
"And it's not just the student's choice to take his course, it's how he's taught himself."
"\"I've been to New York City and I have not seen the difference between people coming and leaving,\" she said."
"\"I didn't want to be a burden on the family and I didn't want to be a burden on myself,\" she said."
"The State Department has confirmed that all but one of the 34 people killed in the attack were women."
"\"I feel like the more time I spend with him, the more I know what he's all about,\" she says."
"I've been a huge fan of the Kings, but I wouldn't want to go too far."
"It's not a question of getting the money, but getting the right people, getting the right environment."
"If you look at the number of times we've won, we're pretty much done."
"And if you don't want to miss out on the next big thing, you can always buy a home here."
"\"If you want to have a baby, you have to have a plan for the life of your baby,\" he said."
"\"The last time we did this, it was at the last Olympics in 2004,\" he said."
"If you look at the list of the top 20, there are some players who are younger and better than me."
"I'm also thinking about getting married, I don't know if it's going to be in the next couple of years."
"\"We don't want to be a country where people are going to think we're too nice,\" said Mr. Clinton, who said that in her opinion, the United States should be happy to accept refugees."
"At a rally in South Carolina, he said he was not interested in the Democratic nomination process, but said he was \"very interested \"in the Democratic race."
"\"I am trying to get a good deal for my family and I don't think I will get it,\" he told the BBC."
"But the agreement will allow the government to hire a lawyer to defend the government's position on the dispute, a source close to the government said."
"The retailer will hold its first ever retail sale in India in December this year and plans to open a number of stores in the country in the next few months."
"I didn't know if he would be here, or if we would be able to play on the weekend."
"He was a really nice guy, and we were trying to get him out of there, and he was going to be a big part of the team."
"The Syrian army has launched a campaign against rebel- held areas in Aleppo, the UN says, and an army offensive has taken place in the city."
"As a result, I felt that I was on a different level from the others, and it made me feel more at home in my own skin."
"I have a job to do, and it's not going to be easy, but I'm going to try to get back in the game as soon as possible."
"She added: \"We need to be clear that the cost of a plane for the UK is \u00a3 2, 500, or around \u00a3 13, 000 for a ticket."
"\"I can't wait to go back and play again,\" he told the Guardian, and he has already done so in the last two years."
"The problem is that I don't know who the producers are or how to get the job done in the first place."
"The British Medical Association (BMA) said that NHS funding was in a \"critical position \"with the risk of a \"significant \"failure in funding being met."
"The president has also said he would make it easier for women to get a divorce if he becomes president."
"He was a great kid and I'm just going to keep him with me for the rest of my life."
"It's not going to be a place where you can tell somebody what you're going to do, or you can tell them that they're going to have to go to work, or that you're going to be able to do anything."
"They might say we're not going to the moon, but they're not going to do that."
"\"There is a lot of talk about it being a national security issue, and it's not,\" he said."
"A Welsh Government spokesman told the Guardian that the Welsh Government \"has not been informed of the allegations \"and it had not yet received any reports of any complaints."
"I didn't know what to do, I just went out to see him and he was there for about half an hour and we were in a good spot for him."
"A worker at a hotel in Ankara says his employer is preparing a bomb attack against his employer's facilities."
"It's a shame we didn't have a good start, but we didn't do it."
"A mother- of- one has been caught up in the horror of her two- year- old son being put through a mental health course."
"It was the first time I'd ever been in a public place and I'd always been a bit nervous about it."
"I've played a lot of games in the Premier League and I'm not sure I've ever played as well as he has."
"But I've always thought that if you can't get your face right, then you can't play it right."
"It's very clear that the most vulnerable people in society are the people who can't afford to buy a house."
"\"You can't just look at the numbers and say, we're going to have a government that's going to deliver,\" he said."
"But I think there's a lot of people who are not in a position to make that decision."
"\"It's not a matter of who gets to win, it's who gets to win in the first half,\" he said."
"We have to try and help him find a way to make a living doing what he's doing, and I'm sure he will do that."
"\"When it's all said and done, I'm going to be great,\" he said at a press conference at the American Museum of Art in Washington."
"In the last three years, the share of all men aged over 60 who are now on the waiting list for a driver's licence has increased by 10 per cent."
"We have to make sure we're not going to take advantage of the opportunity to go out and score goals."
"The researchers, who identified 4. 5 million people in the UK who had a history of depression, were not aware of the study, which is published in the Journal of the American Medical Association."
"And if you have a great idea, you're going to have a lot of people coming and going, so you have to be very patient."
"\"It's a lot easier to just wait until the morning to make sure everything is done,\" she says."
"They were a couple of years younger than the one they were in before the strike, but they were still really good players and in the game they're a very good team."
"The only time he was asked to work is when he was a kid, he would have been working for a pay rise, so he'd been there all his life."
"The latest figures show the unemployment rate dropped to 4. 9 per cent in the June quarter, the lowest level since March."
"At the moment, I am in the process of trying to work out what I want to do, but I've got a couple of weeks to prepare."
"\"We have a very good economy and we're doing pretty well,\" he said, adding that he hopes to get by with a small budget."
"He said: \"When I was a teenager I wasn't allowed to go to a club or to meet people who were different from me."
"This is a change from the way we treated them at the start of the season but they've done really well so far."
"\"I don't have a problem with it, but I do have a problem with the media that is very negative,\" he added."
"\"The problem is not with a million dollars but with a million dollars, where the problem is with a million dollars, and it's not with a million dollars,\" he said."
"He said: \"We're going to try and make sure that the government does what they've said they're going to do."
"It's the right thing to do, and we're looking forward to doing that with a really good team."
"As the state's attorney general, he has a role to play, too, and a duty to make sure that these laws are effective."
"When you've got a young team, you're not thinking of it as a massive game, it's not a huge game."
"\"I didn't have the energy to focus on what I was going to do because it was not something I was capable of doing,\" he said."
"It's a great team, they're going to be top of the league for a long time, and I'm excited to play with them."
"The US State Department has said it is working with Turkey on a joint investigation to bring the two countries to an understanding over the incident."
"But it's the big things that get me up and running that I'm most excited about, and I can't wait to get out there and do it."
"I have to say that I didn't know what I was doing and I was surprised that he took it so long."
"I don't want to think about it, but I don't want to know what will happen next."
"It's not just the money that matters: the people who want to make it happen."
"I've only played one or two games in the Premier League, so I know what I'm capable of playing."
"The court heard the pair are accused of trying to get into a taxi, which they allegedly did with a stolen van."
"He could be the future of football, he could be the future of England, but at the moment he is not."
"There's a lot of debate in this country about how we got here, but I think it's more important than ever that we have the most talented young people in the world."
"The market is not ready to raise the interest rate and the economy is still in a bad state,\" he said, adding that he is a supporter of the government."
"I think it's important for people to know that you have to look at the facts and understand the rules."
"The council's director general, Sir Richard Gordon, said the problem was \"a real problem \"and that the UK would need to \"build more \"to address it."
"\"I think the biggest thing for us is to just give ourselves a chance to win,\" he said."
"\"I'm sure that if we were in the same boat we would have done it together,\" she said."
"\"There is a huge pressure on the health service and the government to make sure it is being funded properly,\" he said."
"\"We're just starting out in terms of the knowledge that we have,\" said one resident, who asked not to be named."
"He's not trying to do anything for the fans, he's just trying to get a response."
"He has also expressed concern over the extent of the damage to the golf course and golf course infrastructure that could be lost."
"The 21- year- old was sentenced to 10 years in prison and was fined $ 5, 000."
"The Supreme Court has yet to rule on whether the government can require that all documents, including those with sensitive details, be kept private."
"The group is currently conducting a separate investigation, which will see it put forward a new policy to take into account what it sees as the risks."
"I think it's a lot easier for women to say they are against the war than it is to say they are against it."
"It is not yet clear if he had any other passengers on board the plane, which is more than two hours from the scene of the crash."
"I think the biggest thing is that he's so well- known, he's not a very popular player."
"He was on a high, but I didn't really see him much in the day and I didn't really know him."
"A more effective way to address this is to support students to become more active in the work environment."
"The bad news is that we can't really trust the experts, so we have to put our own judgment on it."
"A study of the way people are using Facebook to talk to each other has found that people are more likely to use social media when they are talking to each other."
"\"I've been here a long time and I've always had a lot of people who've come here,\" he said."
"It's not just a matter of how good they are, but how good they are at making you want to be a good player."
"I will be here in a few weeks so I know what I want to do and I don't know what I want to do next year."
"The same poll found that in the first two weeks of the year, 48 per cent of voters said they'd be less likely to vote if they didn't see the possibility of the EU."
"It's not that I want to stay here, I just want to get back on the field and play for my club, which is going to be an amazing club and I want to give it all back."
"\"I think the first thing we can do is make sure that there is a level playing field,\" he said."
"It's not a bad way to do it, but it's not what you want to do with your life."
"The SNP's net gain in the Scottish vote from the UK vote in the 2014 / 15 elections was \u00a3 4. 4 billion."
"If you do that, you're going to get a lot more money, and you'll get a lot more interest."
"He said: \"There is no doubt in my mind that he has a legitimate point of view and I will continue to stand up for him."
"\"We don't have the money to spend it,\" he says of his lifestyle, but he is happy to give it to the community."
"When you go into a club like Manchester United, they're all about finding the right players and hopefully we can get that in the team and get the quality we need."
"I've always felt that if I didn't get a good reaction then I was just a character in the film."
"The only thing I can say is we're going to have to work with them on the way out."
"I am a huge fan of him, I have been a big fan of his for a long time and I think he is a really good coach."
"The UK's biggest retailer will be holding a major event in Wales on Thursday, making it one of the biggest markets for online retail."
"It is not easy to say no when you are a young man, but to see your father here for the first time, and see how he feels."
"\"We need to show we are in a position to make a difference in the world at the moment,\" he said."
"\"You know, I'd like to hear from you, but I don't know anyone who would be interested,\" he said."
"The currency has fallen since the government began its crackdown on illegal immigrants last month, as the number of refugees fleeing conflict and poverty has increased."
"This is the third time this year the US has been caught in the cross- border hacking of its intelligence services."
"For example, women's hair may be more affected if they're over 40, but men's hair is still affected."
"They were given no official warning about the \"high risk \"of the virus spreading to children in England and Wales, it said."
"If you look at what we have done in the last couple of years and what we are doing right now, the market is not going to change."
"He has been to the top of his game for a few years now and he's got a good deal to prove."
"\"I've been in the game for a long time and I've been in the game for a long time, so I'm just looking forward to it,\" he said."
"He said: \"You've got to understand that as the mother of a baby, you need to know that she's going to be there."
"The Saudi- led coalition has carried out more than 60 strikes on the IS- held areas of Syria, the most recent of which was conducted in November 2014."
"A total of 100 people were killed, according to the UN, while dozens more were wounded and at least 27 people were reported to have been killed in the incident."
"The mayor said he is working to address the issue, but would not give a specific date, when he would announce his decision."
"If you are a man who can't stand being called a \"woman \"or \"woman \"or \"woman,\" then you can't be a woman."
"The second- half of the season was a tough one, but it is one you can be proud of."
"She said:'I thought I'd just lost a baby and I was going to give up but then I realised I'd been done with her."
"It is not the first time that Britain has been accused of giving a free pass to Muslims who pose a threat to the country."
"The Scottish Government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the low rate of investment in Scotland."
"I think I have a responsibility to tell them to go to the hotel and be careful because they are going to be in the wrong."
"We were told we could get away with this, but I was not allowed to go."
"The family and friends of the man who died are appealing for anyone who has seen the man's body to contact police."
"He was killed in a car crash on the way to work when he was hit by a car and the driver was able to save his life."
"The majority of the foreign- born population- more than half- is probably not voting for Hillary Clinton, or for Donald Trump."
"At the same time, we've been working very hard to build a great stadium and to build a great stadium in Adelaide."
"I'm not saying it's perfect but it's a good opportunity to get better and give the club a good opportunity."
"She's a natural, and I think that's part of the reason why I think she's a lot more important to this country than anybody ever thought."
"We have a couple of young players who are in the top 10, and we are looking to add them."
"A couple of weeks ago, the Fed raised its benchmark interest rate from 0. 75 percent to 0. 75 percent in a bid to help the market."
"The department said in a statement that the threat level for this incident is \"severe \"and that a warning was issued for \"high traffic \"cycling."
"We can't afford to spend too much money on an ambulance, and a thousand people a day need it."
"\"I don't know what the plans are going to be, but I'll be at my own pace,\" he said."
"They've got to make sure they've got the right information, they've got to make sure they've got the right technology, they've got to make sure they've got the right people in their organization."
"But the fact that it is there is a positive thing happening in the club and I think it is good to get on the pitch and be involved in the process."
"I think the overwhelming evidence suggests that the most important thing to do is to make sure we're doing things that work and that are right for the people who live here."
"It's also the only place in the world where you can buy a ticket to a football match from a local authority."
"The A & E department was launched to help with the project, but the new director has been unable to find a new job."
"\"We're just going to have to have a good look at ourselves,\" he told reporters after the game."
"\"I don't think I would have said it, but I'm not a politician,\" she said."
"\"I am not sure that we can take it,\" she said when asked about the current political climate."
"You can't just sit there and do what you want to do and go home with no one watching you."
"I think he's definitely going to be the guy that plays the game well, and hopefully we can get him to a point where he can play the game and be a legitimate No."
"\"I have a lot of friends who are in the process of doing it, and I just want to make sure that they know that I have a job to do,\" she said."
"A poll found that only 27 percent of Americans trust the federal government to take care of them, compared with more than 66 percent for Clinton."
"She said the project would be delivered to the city by late 2016, and would be ready for full assembly by the end of 2017."
"A Labour MP has said he will \"not be supporting \"a Labour government in the event of a vote to leave the European Union."
"She said: \"I have been treated very well by staff and the trust and I will be returning to work soon to make sure I get the care I need."
"There are times when you need to work up the drive to get to a certain level, but you don't get that drive until you're at the right level."
"\"I was getting calls from people who were saying they had seen a man being beaten up in a bar,\" she said."
"I can't even imagine the pain and suffering that he would go through and we will never know what we have lost."
"It's time to find a home, and it's time to go for it, because it's time for you to find your voice."
"The Welsh Assembly was the first to vote against the scheme and a further 22 MPs voted against it in a vote at a conference in Cardiff."
"But the pace of change, which was far too fast for many of us to have anticipated, is a sign of how little we understand what it's like to be a white, working- class person."
"When I asked her if she was going to attend a wedding, she said she would just go with the plan."
"It's just a matter of doing the right thing and taking it when it comes."
"But when the bill passed the House last week, it was met with fierce opposition from Democrats, who argued that it would leave them without the resources to fight the legislation."
"The issue is one of how to handle the student, as many of the parties are not entirely clear, and also of what kind of person will be offered a position."
"He has taken no formal action against the Republican Party or the White House and is expected to be back in office for at least a year."
"If we go to the U. S., and we're a good nation, we're going to be great, but we're not going to have that."
"\"It's a new way of doing things, and it's just like any other online game,\" he says."
"The research showed that if you take away that one or two people that have a family history of HIV and they don't want to see it, you can have a much higher risk of developing the disease."
"\"The Russian government will do whatever is necessary to stop this terrorist act,\" it said, without providing further details."
"In the second half of the second half, he could have pulled the ball out and run it past the back four."
"\"I'm a man of my word and I can do whatever I want with it,\" he said."
"\"We were expecting it to be the end of the year, but it was a good year,\" said the 24- year- old."
"I didn't want to be in the audience, and I wasn't happy with it, but it was a great experience."
"In June last year, the Chancellor said he would seek to end the \"terrible \"record of spending on the NHS."
"It's not something we'll ever want to do, but the prospect of it is something I will look forward to."
"A source close to the player said: \"I think he will get the chance to go for a long time in the future."
"I don't know if there's any reason why it can't be done, but the fact is, we want to do it."
"As far as we're concerned, the market is not going to let you down, and that's why we're here."
"\"I was just having a good time,\" she said, \"and I was very excited to come out in the car."
"He added:'It was a very emotional moment for us because it was just a very emotional day for the family."
"It's always better to have your heart checked than to lose your mind, but we know what we're doing is right."
"'I was shocked to see what happened, but I am really grateful to have been able to speak to him,' she said."
"If we have a change of heart, it's because we are losing confidence in the system and it's not because we are not doing things right."
"But what we do know is that the last thing we want is to throw a football into the middle of the field."
"He said he has seen evidence that the fund had been operating for years, but the bank was not paying any fees."
"The attack happened in a shopping centre in the city's west, near a Turkish border crossing, local media report."
"But there's still a lot of work to be done and we're still learning and we're going to get better."
"The European Commission is taking a more active role in the negotiations, saying it will look at the implications of the vote."
"A man was hit in the head by a falling piece of glass as he walked along the road in north London."
"And I think the best way to make sure we're not going to see a lot of that is to keep our minds open."
"The economic impact of the collapse is felt not just across Europe, but across the whole world, and the European Union is already looking at its own."
"This is a really big change for a very long time and it's a great opportunity for me to do it for the next few years."
"\"I think it's important to have a time for a game of football, not just for my family and friends but also for everyone else in the sport,\" he said."
"When you're ready to go and you have to win, it's a challenge for us to play like that."
"We want them to go to the moon, so we have a two- year window to do that."
"We're going to get in the car and see what we can do and hopefully we can make it work."
"It is a wonderful thing that we have got to keep in mind that we are all here to win and there is a lot of work to do."
"The former rugby league star said: \"It's a terrible feeling when you lose a game but the sense of relief is fantastic."
"\"It's not a big deal if I do a really good job,\" he said of his work as a national security adviser in the George W. Bush administration."
"But the more time we spend with our friends, the more likely we are to get a message from one of them."
"The number of people in the UK who have no internet connection has fallen by 30 per cent over the same period."
"The Post reported that Clinton had proposed the bill in March, but instead passed it through a committee of four members and the Republican- controlled Congress on a voice vote."
"The one thing that will help is that there are no more people in the top 10 that are not playing well."
"The former Conservative leader added: \"I don't think it's a problem if you have people who are happy."
"I think we're all just looking at it from the perspective of what we know to be true."
"A lot of the time they are in a position where they are not able to give themselves any chances to defend."
"I'd rather not talk about it because I don't want to hurt anybody, I want to get the job done."
"There are times, however, when we need to take our eyes off the screen and look at the sky."
"\"I was doing a lot of shooting in my head, and I was thinking, \"I'm going to be a horse,\" and I was like, \"You don't have to do it."
"The US is the only country to have had a successful ceasefire in Syria for nearly a year."
"I don't know what the intent is, but I'm not sure if there's a threat."
"But the company's stock was up more than 1 per cent in early trading on Monday, and has risen more than 10 per cent since then."
"The government's budget for the 2017 / 18 budget was expected to be \u00a3 3. 4 billion, the lowest of any parliamentary party."
"You have to get them to talk to you, and you have to be careful about their eyes, because they are going to be seeing you, too."
"I was only 14 and had been living in a house with two other children and I had no money to buy anything."
"\"It's the kind of thing that happens when you go out and you're not ready to go out,\" he said."
"You can't just go out and have a conversation with somebody who doesn't know what they're doing."
"\"It is an exciting time for women, especially those who have a lot to lose,\" she said."
"The Republican National Committee did not respond to a request for comment on whether it was aware of any allegations against the candidate."
"The previous leaders of the region were to have agreed that they would take part in a regional exercise, but it's still very early."
"We're having a very good year, we're doing well, we're getting to a point where we can be competitive in the world."
"The UK has the largest number of international students, but it has also had its own problem with the UK's increasing numbers of international students."
"I think it's a very important thing to do and I think it's a very important thing to put a good team on the field."
"I don't think he's going to be able to score the runs he needs to be able to score runs for us."
"The 22- year- old, who has two children, was shot in the neck and died at the scene."
"I'm sure there are a few players who will have a different opinion to mine- but the main thing is we have to make sure that we can win."
"The problem is, we're not talking about children, we're talking about the people that are actually in the job."
"And the fact that they could not do that was bad for me, but at the same time I would like to see them playing in the Premier League."
"The real question is, how do we get the best players and coaches to get us in the best place to get that work done?"
"That was his first victory for the Raiders since a 15- 17 loss at West Coast last week."
"I think we have to have an extra year to get back into that group of guys and we are a good team."
"\"We are going to look at all options and the best ones for the future,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the media will be asking me about this, but I'll go through with it,\" he said."
"I don't know, I can't imagine what it would be like to be involved in something like that, but that's what I'd be."
"He said the number of people who were injured in the crash was not significant and he could not say if the number was linked to the number of people killed."
"The government is now offering to send up to 20, 000 migrants a year to Germany for up to five years."
"We have lost a lot of money, but we still have the resources to do it, which is great."
"The second thing you have to do is ask yourself what is going to happen and what is going to happen at the end of the game."
"The report shows that the lack of communication between the government and civil society in the lead up to the referendum has meant that much has changed in the last few years."
"We are one of the lucky ones, we are not going to be the ones to lose out because we are in the race."
"\"The thing we've been really good at is getting up and down the pitch and playing really well,\" he said."
"The man was taken to hospital where he is being treated for his injuries but his condition is not yet known, the statement added."
"And the American people want to know what Trump does and does not know, and so on and on,\" she told the crowd."
"I'm very disappointed that she did not speak out at the time, but we hope she will speak out now."
"The focus now is on the future, and it's not just about the next big thing."
"The company has raised more than $ 350 million in funding from investors including U. S. investors Warren Buffett and Mark Cuban, according to reports."
"The report said the key factor was the huge amount of time people spent in the care home, which was often too small for the number of people in the care home to move around."
"\"I didn't really know if I was going to be able to win the race and I was just getting used to it,\" he said."
"\"He's been in the news for his lack of a proper education, but I think he's the right man for the job,\" he said."
"\"The video has been viewed over 6. 7 million times on YouTube and has now been shared more than 400, 000 times,\" he said."
"\"You're not going to find that you're going to be a good person on the job if you do that,\" he said."
"The researchers found that young people who were at a high risk for a serious stroke were more likely than their peers to have the condition."
"I would have said this was the most difficult thing I've ever had to do, but I'm very happy with the decision to take this course."
"It's been a long time coming, but I think it's time for the team to focus and just make sure they're on the field every day."
"When he was arrested in 2015, he told police he'd killed himself because of the drug trade, but he was released without charge."
"\"I think that the best thing for him to do is to stay with us until the end of the season,\" said the 25- year- old."
"I'm happy with the way it turned out, but I'd like to see more of a focus on the football."
"In the end, they're all more concerned about the future than the present- and they're far more willing to accept that future than they were two years ago."
"There was a big focus on the fact that the damage was done and that we would be able to get a good deal."
"I was just thinking, I can't afford this, I can't afford that and I can't afford to have this on my phone."
"He's got a huge game plan, he's got to be able to do things in the air and he's got to be able to get in the passing game."
"He's just not a good athlete, he's a good athlete, but he's been out there a lot, so he needs to come back in the right way."
"It is also the first time that the club has done so in its history, and also the first time it has done so in its history in the same year that the Premier League is open."
"The company said it has been working closely with the state, but the State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment."
"The government is planning to spend $ 4. 5 billion on the project, which would include the construction of a new hospital, a food bank and a cultural center."
"\"There's no reason why we can't have more debate about the issues, and we will,\" he said."
"It is unclear whether the deaths are related to the protests or the police crackdown on protests against the election of Donald Trump as US president."
"It's important to be ready for the next challenge, so you don't forget your race and go for a break."
"It's a good way to show what you're capable of doing and showing that you can't always get it done."
"A spokesman for the North's foreign affairs ministry said the U. S. had not yet decided on whether it would issue a statement."
"He said he had seen a \"very large \"giant'son in the parking lot of the store."
"We are not in the position to say what he will do, but he will have a very good game."
"It's not like they're not just making money, they're making a living, and it's just a shame they can't afford to buy their own."
"It's the first time in our history that a player has played for the national team and we're very pleased."
"We had to be strong and at the back of our defence we couldn't get a ball or a ball of pace."
"We have to make sure that we're not just going to make the most of our best players, we're going to make them better players."
"I'm confident in the direction we're heading and that we're going to do everything in our power to make sure we win."
"And even though he's been sitting at home, he's still not used to the life that it's been."
"In a statement, the company said: \"We have been providing support to the families of the people who were killed."
"But the reality is that we're losing ground on the competition, and that's why we have to bring in new players."
"That's why it's important for us to get those guys in there and get them in the right form, just as we have this week."
"We need to be careful, if we're going to have a problem with this, we need to be careful what we say."
"We have to win games, and that's what we are going to do tonight, and that's what we are going to do tonight."
"The European Commission has said the rules are not enough to guarantee the safety of the EU's biggest companies and is trying to remove them from the market."
"\"The problem with the women's game is that they're not allowed to go in and get a shot,\" he said."
"That's not the case in most other states, but in many states, it's a minority vote."
"I don't want to go too far, but if he is still there, then I'm going to go too far."
"It's not just about going to a town or making a movie, it's about being in the moment."
"The US and Saudi Arabia have been carrying out airstrikes against ISIS in Syria for the past year, but the two countries have yet to officially support the Syrian government in the fight against the terrorist group."
"But I'm not going to let this situation affect me too much and I've got to do my best to win."
"It was a long weekend, but we didn't want to let the weather get in the way, so I came back and did the race."
"We've got to make sure that we have enough room, we've got to get a good group of guys ready and we'll just have to be patient."
"They have not been able to use the money, or any of the other funds that were in place when the shooting occurred, he said."
"\"It's just a case of how many people have it, and we don't know who they are,\" he said."
"But he has also said the security services have been at the back door to prevent the bombing, which would be in response to the government's demands for greater political control."
"That's a lot of money for a team to spend on players, but it's not enough for me."
"The US and UK are to play host to a summit in the UK next month to discuss how the UK and US are going to deal with the refugee crisis."
"\"We have a very strong infrastructure sector, and there are some very good people in the sector,\" he said."
"I think it's just a matter of time before we see a lot of these guys get to the point where they can be successful."
"The government has promised to maintain a safe border between the two countries, but has also pledged to address the problems of migrants on the Greek islands."
"But if you're going to be on the front line of that, you're going to need a strong hand."
"The company has also admitted it failed to deliver on its promise to provide the right products for consumers, despite a record sales."
"\"I'm looking forward to working with my staff and working with them in the future,\" she said."
"The market was set to rise sharply on Tuesday, with the value of the pound and the pound's underlying rate at their lowest levels in years."
"A lot of people think it's a joke, but I never get asked about it, and I've never been asked about it."
"He's been fantastic for me and I want to thank him for everything he's done for me."
"That is what I would have to do to be able to cope with it, and to be able to be happy and not think about it, and that is what I would want."
"\"We've been in contact with him to say that we've spoken to him and he's been able to speak to me,\" he said."
"The debate, which has attracted some very young, very talented and very creative young people from all over the world, is a great way to see it."
"In a recent interview with The Telegraph, he said: \"I think you need to find a new sort of person, and I believe it's a shame that the whole of society doesn't recognise that."
"He's got a big- time edge in the polls, so we'll see where that goes in the next few days."
"It's good that we got it on the field and it helped us in that game, but we need to get the win."
"The city said in a statement it would continue to monitor the situation and would provide additional support if needed."
"He said:'I was with a friend and I was really worried and I was thinking'I'll die'when I saw the CCTV."
"There is a lot of talk about what we have to do to win in the Premier League and I don't think that will be an easy task."
"The couple's three- year- old daughter was in the car and was not injured, the school said."
"The first black- and- white study of the use of a computer as part of a police officer's job is in the lead- up to the 2016 presidential election."
"The announcement came as a sharp increase in the number of people looking for a job was reported in the week, with more people than ever waiting in line for a job."
"I know there's still a lot of work to do but I can't lose sight of the fact that it's not about me."
"It is the fifth straight season that the season ended with a loss, and the longest in franchise history, and a total of five of its five games."
"The last time he spoke to me was a few months ago, when he asked me to sit down and discuss the film."
"You have to get to know him and see what he's going through and it's good to see him around."
"I didn't have any warning about what I was going to do, but when I got home I knew it was going to be OK."
"\"There's a lot of things that we need to work on in the short term, but at the end of the day, I'm excited about what's going to happen,\" he said."
"He said the government must stop its policy of allowing refugees to apply to take jobs or build businesses in the country."
"\"There are many things that go on in our lives that we don't know how to deal with,\" he said."
"The center's executive director, Thomas St. George, told The Post that the company will be announcing a new policy in the coming days."
"The task force has not said whether it will be able to move forward with its recommendations, but it is expected to be appointed by a senior government figure."
"This is a big game, but you can't be a failure, and I am not going to be a failure if I don't win."
"\"When the man asked for his license, he knew he would be arrested and I told him I had a license and would give him a ride,\" he said."
"The EU's single market is one of the biggest issues for the UK and it is important for the future of the UK economy."
"The House and Senate are set to vote on the legislation at a special session, scheduled for Thursday."
"The doctors had a very busy schedule and we didn't have a lot of time to spend with our children."
"It is an extremely rare opportunity to bring a woman back to the White House and to build a government that works for all."
"The number of people who have become victims of domestic abuse is increasing, but it is estimated that the majority of victims are women."
"I have to be careful about what I say and what I say it says and it will be remembered for a long time."
"The people who want a better deal for Britain are those who have been living here for generations and who have a right to be here."
"They're also a nice selection, so you can get them in the back of your mind if you want them."
"The Sanders campaign will hold a rally at a Trump rally in Philadelphia on Thursday, May 6."
"That means there's a lot of pressure on the NHS, and the treatment of people like us who have been there for so long."
"And the full moon is only about six months away and I'll be back in September and October and November, so I'm very pleased."
"I have never been a fan of the term \"plastic,\" because that's something I've always been against and something I've tried to fight back against in my career."
"\"I know this sounds crazy, but it is true,\" he said, adding that he was still hopeful the event would be cancelled."
"The former president, who is also the first African American woman to be president, said the recent loss of white votes had left him \"really frustrated \"and angry."
"I'm not sure we'll have a big enough board of directors to do this, but I'm sure we'll have a really good one."
"In addition to the $ 1. 4 billion in fixed- rate loans, the company said it has $ 1. 9 billion in debt, about two times the amount it had in 2011."
"The group is now running $ 1 million a month in advertising, which has helped it attract more customers to its network."
"The goal is to raise $ 40 million to help hospitals pay for their staff to continue to work and pay their medical bills."
"If you don't know who you are, or how you are going to get there, this is the place to help."
"It is the only foreign- owned company that has managed to build a building that is about to get a major boost."
"She said: \"The SNP's policy is to come to Scotland and set out the plan for Scotland, not to get involved in a political contest."
"A total of more than 800 people were injured, most of them in the face, and a further 250 people were rescued by the air ambulance."
"The situation is still extremely serious and we will be looking at the situation of the people in the communities affected and the impact of the attacks."
"But what they don't know is that the other girls have seen the incident before and are more worried about what will happen next."
"The White House said Obama's visit is aimed at increasing the numbers of American citizens in the U. S. to assist the U. S. in the fight against ISIS."
"But we're not going to turn around and say we're not going to defend a couple of positions,\" he added."
"The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment about whether it would try to contact Pence about the allegations."
"It is understood the man has been detained and is believed to be linked to the bombing, which killed at least 18 people, including at least one woman, and injured more than 100 others."
"The police chief also defended the actions of the men, saying they had been trying to prevent the victim from being able to leave the property."
"\"I have been told that the Prime Minister's office is not doing its job,\" he said."
"And I'm still really, really grateful for that because I know how lucky I am to be in the United States."
"And I do want to say that I'm very proud of what we did for our country, and I would also like to see more of that in the future."
"The report said a lack of planning and the lack of information about local communities made it hard for councils to help in the early stages."
"She has been working on a book since the summer and is keen to get into the business, but has not yet made a decision on a book."
"At a time when people are having problems with guns in the United States, the only thing they can do is have a discussion."
"\"We're going to take a hard look at the data and see what's going on,\" he said."
"We're a younger group and the younger we are, the better the chances of us playing in the next two games."
"The study was carried out in a small number of women aged between 25 and 60, and was published in the British Medical Journal in September."
"I'm not going to say that it's just the money ; it's the money that has to come from somewhere."
"\"We'll have a lot of good players, a lot of good players who have to be available in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The company, which is based in San Francisco, said in a statement that it was \"disappointed \"by the decision."
"\"I'm not going to be in a position to say we're not going to be talking about the same issues in the next 48 hours,\" he said."
"He is a very strong man, but I think he would do well with the right support, especially from the community."
"\"I was so nervous to come out and say, \"I'm a big fan of the show,\" \"she said."
"A spokesman for the Northern Ireland Office said the man was a former member of the Labour party."
"The data showed that the maximum amount of time a parent had to walk to get to the right place was 3. 2 seconds."
"The report also found that an increasing number of people were reporting that they could not get the information they needed to determine whether their financial statements were safe."
"But they have never even had a chance to get a vote on the House floor, which is where they have to go to win a majority."
"I can't believe that the person who was trying to find her had no idea what she was doing."
"We are in a period of uncertainty and we have to be careful, because there is no guarantee of what will be done."
"That's not how I want to do it, and I'm very proud of my kids, but I don't want to do it."
"The country's top lawyer has warned of the \"serious consequences \"of a vote to leave the European Union, saying there is no alternative to Brexit."
"\"I think we're going to be able to do what we've been able to do,\" he said."
"\"You've got to look at the whole range of options, and that's what we have to do,\" he said."
"It's only a matter of time before you have to get someone else's name on the ballot."
"The man, who did not wish to be named, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"He is the subject of a police inquiry into the incident, which has been described as a hate crime."
"I was in a rush to do it and I think it was really nice to be in a position to do it."
"But what is really surprising is how quickly the gap has grown in terms of time between the two, with Trump making more than half of his speeches in the last week."
"They also have some of the highest prices in the world for the product, which is considered one of the best selling drugs."
"\"I feel like a lot of people are making this decision for themselves, and that's fine,\" he said."
"And they have a lot of questions about what that means for them, because they are in a position of responsibility."
"The rise in migration is seen as the main driver of the economic crisis, which has hit the continent hard."
"The government has promised to review the law, but the only way to do so is to have a referendum, which would require a majority in parliament, and a second vote."
"\"I was also surprised by how many people in the public eye said they didn't know or care about the sexual harassment,\" she says."
"The former secretary of state, former senator and secretary of state, former president of the United States and first lady, and the former first lady's husband, who died in February, are all on the campaign trail."
"I'm sure the majority of people will say: \"I'm not going to be here, so I'm not going to be here,\" \"she says."
"'We know what we are doing and we know how to control it, but we don't know how to control the reality,' she said."
"I remember I had a conversation with my mother one morning, and she said, \"I'm going to take a photo of you."
"The company said it was now \"very confident \"in its own business, and it was investing $ 10 billion in the US over the next five years."
"The city has been under the control of the police since the coup, and the army has been involved in fighting the rebels for control."
"I'm really excited and I'm going to be playing for them next season, so I'm excited for the opportunity to come here and play a long season."
"The Government's own statistics, released last week, show that the number of people aged between 16 and 24 who have a drug addiction has risen by nearly a third in the past five years."
"The big question is: does it matter that the next president of the United States is not the first president of a democracy?"
"If they're not, then they can't get a job, because they're not in the government, they're not in the business, they don't have the skills."
"He was also told that it was a \"very sad \"experience for the victim, who had only been with her for a few months."
"The data show that women's gender pay for the same job is also on the rise, even though the proportion of women in the workforce is falling."
"The statement said it was \"extremely important \"that the EU deal with Turkey be respected and that the UK and Turkey agreed \"in principle \"that the Turkish people would be treated fairly and fairly."
"\"There are some very real concerns for the public, but we have taken the appropriate steps,\" he said, adding that the government's response had been to support victims \"families."
"A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a 15- year- old boy in east London."
"The images were obtained by the Australian Medical Association's medical director and taken from a recording of a conversation between the two women."
"A 17- year- old boy was also arrested and charged with carrying a weapon, a second- degree assault and a battery."
"If you want to be in a relationship with someone for the first time, you have to know you have to pay the price."
"The police officer's death and the arrest of his ex- girlfriend were the result of a police investigation, the court heard."
"I've been very lucky to be able to work in the industry over the last two years and I'm happy to say that I'm very happy."
"The latest polls show Clinton leading Trump by 8 points, 50 percent to 42 percent, according to the latest national exit poll."
"The closest thing to an answer we can get is, \"What is the percentage of people who are not interested in politics in this country?"
"I think it is a shame they didn't have a chance to win and we want to help them win but it is not the first time they have done that."
"The review, which is being carried out by the Department for Education, will examine the research and evidence and seek to improve the policies and procedures that enable schools to offer the best possible education."
"But I want to play a role in helping people who have been affected by the terrible events of the past."
"\"I've never been more confident,\" Clinton told the audience of more than 100 people in New York City on Wednesday."
"We've got the first round in February, we're going to get to the second round and then we're going to play two rounds in April."
"\"They're all going to be here, and they're all going to be a part of this,\" he said."
"\"I think that we need to be on top of it and I don't think we are,\" he said."
"If you are not able to pay your mortgage then you may be forced to sell your home or car or whatever you are planning to do with your life."
"The only thing I'm doing, I've got to do, is I'm going to get my hands on the ball and it's going to be a good night for us."
"'We've been working with the Met for years on this and it's great to be able to help."
"The group says the large amounts of \"dark money \"that have been found on the site over the past few months has made it hard to keep track."
"\"He's a player who has to be prepared for the challenges that come his way,\" he told reporters."
"I was in a very dark place in my life and I was the one who broke through that."
"That's what I've been doing all year and I think it's just a matter of time before we see him in action."
"I am not a woman, I am a man, but I have had to learn to cope with it."
"And a lot of people don't like to see a lot of the stuff that's going on in the world."
"The company said it would give up to $ 200 million in cash and stock in the accounts of about 500 employees."
"\"It is an opportunity for us to try and find a balance between our own interests and those of the Scottish government,\" she said."
"It is also a major factor in the challenge of the future of the European Union and the long- standing problems of the Irish economy."
"\"We're going to have to go through the courts and try and make sure that it doesn't happen again,\" he said."
"He's a great player but he's only 18, so he needs to get better and get the proper training."
"\"If I had known about it, I would have called the police,\" he said, adding that he had never had any problems with the police."
"The board voted to add the female- only pilot to the crew and the female pilot is now in the squad."
"The reality is that a lot of people don't care about this because they're afraid to lose their job."
"I'm a big fan of the home side and I just don't see it as an issue at the moment."
"I think it's good to have a team that can win games and you can see it's more about finding your own way than it is about going against somebody else."
"The high number of deaths caused by the drug, which is used to treat HIV and diabetes, is linked to the increased use of the drug in the UK."
"The report, released today, was presented to a joint session of the House and Senate finance and government affairs committee."
"It is still a very competitive sport, but it is not just about the numbers ; it is about the people who come out to watch it."
"It is the first time a third- party candidate has been selected to represent a key swing state, but the state's Republican governor is the only one to have declared his support."
"In the second quarter of this year, the Fed raised its benchmark rate for the first time since 2008, from zero to 1. 75 percent."
"And if he wins, it could be the first time he has won a Republican primary since 2000 when he won the nomination."
"The boys want to be on the football field, so we've got to be ready for them to be in the game."
"The problem is that the research is in the hands of a very small number of people, so there is no way to predict the effects of the treatments."
"The winning condition of the deal was that the Bank of England would be able to make money for the bank in interest payments."
"The researchers said it was important to look at the relationship between obesity and heart disease because people who eat too much sugar are at increased risk of developing it."
"\"He just needs to come out and play and be a part of the team,\" Fisher said."
"The police said in a statement that they had investigated the incident and that the man had been taken to hospital with a serious head injury."
"If you can get it right and then you can play with the right players, then you can win games."
"And I will tell you, in the past two weeks, I've had people in the room, including my husband, who are saying to me, \"You're crazy."
"\"We are going to do everything we can to protect the health and safety of our employees and the people of Flint,\" he said."
"\"We don't want to be the first to admit that we can't control the way that we're playing,\" he said."
"This year, the government said it would be making it harder for people to get insurance, and urged people to \"get a deal \"if they want to get it."
"In other words, the longer we stay in the EU, the more we pay the EU, and the more we pay our French counterparts."
"The fact is we have not seen a drop in the number of people who are not supporting the political parties,\" he said."
"'I was in a rush, I wasn't sure what to do, I didn't want to be with a baby,' she said."
"It's not just the TV and radio, though, that is critical of the brand."
"\"I don't want to get carried away with it because it's not a big deal, I've never met him,\" said the 35- year- old."
"The war in Yemen has killed more than 300, 000 people and displaced a quarter of a million, and is the biggest humanitarian crisis in the Middle East since the war began in 2011."
"If he were to leave the UK, he said, he would need to have a good understanding of the EU's rules and procedures."
"But in his speech, Mr Corbyn said he would not try to impose an end to the debate in the Commons."
"The problem is that when people see a funny thing, they tend to be in the minority."
"It's time to move on, for what it's worth, and I hope I'm not the last to say so."
"We have to do what's necessary to win games and I think that's what we have to do."
"When we talk about the games that we play, we're looking for the big games, the big games in the way that we want to win them."
"He said: \"I was in a pub and there was a woman in a very vulnerable position and I was having a conversation with the man."
"It's the only way to make the most of life, and there's no one way to do it better than by keeping it."
"The company will also be working to ensure the devices are able to continue their operation without the use of electricity, according to the company."
"In the past, some of the players have been very nice, but now they're the worst."
"The group's new name will be the German Open in the autumn, which will be played on a Monday."
"They said they were surprised by the rise of the drug, which has been used to treat cancer for decades."
"He's said to be in a good mood and he's doing very well in the race to the top."
"The GOP nominee said he does not know how many people have been killed in the bombing and said he has not seen any sign of an increase in attacks."
"It's not a question of whether I'm a good or a bad player, it's a question of how I can work with the squad."
"It's not just the result of his personal circumstances, but the way he was treated by the police."
"It's the first time in our history that a city has become a political space and not just a shopping centre."
"But I have to say, the fact that they don't even know about it, it's a shame."
"I am sure the balance of power in the government will be very strong if we don't start the discussion and start taking action."
"But as long as you don't make a lot of money from it, you don't really have a choice."
"I'm not a politician, I'm not a politician, but I can tell you I'm going to work with the people of America in this."
"I'm sure the school will have an opinion on it, but it's not a real inquiry."
"But the main thing is, we're going to make a deal, we're going to make a deal, we're going to get our members to sign up to it."
"And the only thing that the others can agree on is that it's pretty difficult. \"- They don't know what they're talking about."
"The data show that 40 per cent of people aged between 16 and 24 are not living in a standard area of accommodation."
"The Scottish Government is \"more committed to the UK's role in the world and has a strong economic plan,\" she said."
"The same can be said for the last eight years, when the GDP growth rate was between 0. 5% and 0. 6%, and growth in manufacturing was between 0. 3% and 0. 5% in the last year."
"The market is also worried about the future of the economy in general and the long- term prospects for the UK economy in the near future."
"\"I don't know how much longer it is, but I'll tell you what, I'm going to be OK,\" he said."
"We are not in a position where we need to be talking about it, but we are very serious about it."
"\"The research is in a relatively short time, but we are expecting to be up to six months from now,\" he said."
"She says:'It's a very funny movie, and I love it, but it's not a happy ending."
"The decision was made at the end of last year, and the Government is committed to delivering a strong and effective approach to the crisis."
"There are a few things you can do to get rid of that before it's too late, but I would suggest that you do this before the end of the season."
"\"I'm going to do whatever I have to do to help my team win, and I'm going to do everything in the world I can,\" he said."
"The problem with this is that the baby has to be rescued before it can be returned to its mother."
"But it's a matter of course that the child can get a higher education from a school and I think that's the right thing to do."
"'I'd never seen anyone in that state, I had no idea what the laws were,' she said."
"The source said the two suspects had been caught by security officers at a nearby restaurant and were believed to be trying to travel to Syria."
"There's a lot of evidence that we don't want to see it, but it's happening."
"You're going to feel really proud of this because if you hadn't done it, you would never have known it was going to happen."
"In the last couple of weeks it's been pretty clear that we're going to have to have a trade."
"He said:'I think that it's a bit strange because I was born in the UK and the foreign people there are very nice."
"The family had just returned from a trip to the village when they were attacked by a group of armed men."
"The group's chief executive, Andrew Thomson, said: \"The UK government's investment in the NHS is a must- win, but not in the way that we would have expected."
"The Reserve Bank of Australia is in the process of setting up a special office to investigate the possibility of a currency shock."
"The investigation is still in its early stages, but the idea of a trial is a possibility, he said."
"The first- team will play two games against the United States on February 27 and 29, and then play against the Netherlands on February 28."
"We have to make sure that we get the right amount of people to do the job."
"And that's why I am delighted to have been appointed as the President of the European Parliament by the people of France."
"He has already been a long- serving member of the Cabinet, as the country's longest serving minister."
"We are still in a very difficult period of time and we are not prepared to give up on this club."
"The other thing is that they're so far behind us, and we're in the middle of a big battle."
"He was told he was not allowed to enter the house and was sent to a different room where he was forced to watch TV."
"\"I can't wait to get to work, and I'm not looking forward to the prospect of working with him,\" she said."
"But the one thing they can't do is worry about what they say about him and what he does to the team."
"The only thing that can change is the culture, and that is the last thing you want to see in a man's life."
"But the more you play the better you can prepare, and the more you can enjoy it, the better you can be,\" he said."
"\"It's hard for me to say because I have not spoken to him,\" he said in a phone interview from the United States."
"\"I'm not going to stop speaking out, because if I stop speaking out, I don't know what the future holds,\" he said."
"A statement said the suspect was a \"disgusting and dangerous criminal,\" adding that he was being sought in connection with the murder of a 16- year- old girl."
"\"This is the first time that we have been contacted by a terrorist group in the last five years,\" she said."
"If you look at the more than 1, 000 people who have arrived in the EU over the past 18 months, just over half are from outside the EU."
"\"In the wake of this tragic incident, we are deeply concerned about the safety of the families of those who were injured,\" he added."
"\"I'm not one who likes to see things in a negative way,\" he said, adding that he had \"no desire \"to be a politician."
"But I have to tell you, the people that I've talked to in the past have been very positive."
"He is one of only five players in the history of the game to score a hat trick in a game."
"We're looking to go to a Super Rugby game, but we are not going to be taking any chances."
"The previous government of Mr. Assad was not prepared to step up to the challenge and its policies were too harsh for many people, especially children."
"The situation is different in the rest of the world because we have the same principles and we are going to have to live with it."
"\"I think we have to be very clear about what we are doing and what we are doing in this country,\" Mr. Obama said."
"If he can win the nomination, then he's going to be a good candidate to be in the White House."
"It's a bit of a blow to the organization, but I can't wait to get started."
"But he has only just returned from his trip to Syria, where he has been fighting with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria."
"The practice of offering a product and service to the customer, in exchange for a fee, is a \"private \"market."
"She said:'I was really, really worried about my own well- being and I just couldn't bear the thought of going to hospital."
"The current average of the first two months of the year is less than three weeks, which is just enough to boost the economy."
"\"I thought I would be able to help him with the things that he needed to do,\" he said."
"\"The government will do all it can to ensure that the rule of law is respected and this will not only protect and serve the people, but also the interests of the people,\" he said."
"He would be the first American to serve in the military since the end of World War II, when it was considered that he was a danger to society."
"It's the biggest sporting event of our lifetime and it's a massive game for the fans and we want to take pride in our place in history."
"\"When I went to work in the morning, I thought it was going to be a long day,\" he said."
"The 13- year- old girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said:'It was a bad night for me."
"The findings came as the world's largest economy grew by an average of 3. 4 percent in the first quarter of 2016."
"I'm not saying they should be put in jail, but it's not right that they're given away."
"The Spurs will face a team they have yet to beat in a regular season game, and have not played in a road game in the regular season since 1999."
"But the biggest challenge for Sanders in Wisconsin is the state's two primary states, which have had a Democratic president for nearly two decades."
"The amount of people who are worried about the climate are, in effect, people who are getting a bit worried about the future."
"If he gets the ball off the line, he will put a lot of pressure on the other side."
"In the last three years, there has been a rise in the number of cases that are being investigated for sexual abuse, he said."
"\"They were not born and raised here, and they don't live in the United States, they live in Mexico,\" he said."
"\"If I had a choice between playing for my country or playing for England, I'd be happy with the choice,\" he says."
"This is a place that's been hit by the recession, and it's got a lot of people who have been laid off."
"If you have the car you want to drive, you can take advantage of the latest features and benefits offered by the car."
"And I can't even begin to imagine what it would be like to be a woman in the role now."
"There are now three games left in the season so you want to be ready for the big one."
"It is not clear how many people were affected and it is not clear if it is the same number that was affected by the plane."
"When I told him I was going to take him, he was like, \"No, no, no,\" because I didn't want to go to his house."
"We are very grateful to the people of Flint, to the families of the children in the water, to the families of people who have lost their homes."
"The idea is that you can see the difference between the people who make it and the people who don't, and that's going to be a big factor in the election."
"The number of people who are homeless in Scotland has increased by more than 20% since the peak of the crisis in 2014, according to a report."
"\"The whole point of the conference is that we don't know what the story is, we don't know what's going on,\" he said."
"\"It's not good to think you can do anything but the best you can,\" he said."
"In some cases, the doctor may be told to go back to work and repeat the procedure, the report said."
"\"He was very nice, he loved the game and we'd be happy to see him in the stands for the next game, whatever that might be,\" she said."
"\"I'm happy for him, he's a good guy and he's got a lot of experience,\" he said."
"We are putting in a lot of work and we're just going to have to wait and see what comes of that."
"The situation is that we have a good bit of momentum but we have to continue to improve and we are not in a good place."
"It's a good thing for the game, to know that you're doing the right things and I'm sure you'll be looking forward to it."
"\"I think this is really important to us,\" he said, \"because we want to make sure we have a good football team."
"It was a hard decision, but at the end of the day I was happy with the result and I'm happy to get it back."
"That is why I am of the view that there is no evidence for a reduction in the number of hours worked in the UK in the year to March 2017."
"But he also knows that if he gets the job, he'll be able to get more experience and that's what he's looking for."
"'He's a bit of a horse, but he's not a big horse and he's not a big horse,\" said the man, who declined to give his name."
"\"He was in a good place but I don't know how he'd be feeling in a game like this,\" he said."
"And I've always been a supporter of his, but I don't think that's the same as being against a player."
"It's a big step forward, and the key to getting to this point is getting the proper support from the authorities."
"But we've got to do a better job of understanding what's happening in the American system."
"The woman said she did not want to be identified, and said she was in a relationship with the man, but did not know him."
"\"We have to keep in mind that the main thing that is important to our society is the quality of life,\" he said."
"If the American people are not convinced, then the only way to be sure is to vote for someone else who is pro- trade."
"The tax credit, which is currently available to all new parents, will be extended to all parents who are over the age of 18."
"It's the first time a presidential candidate has won an election in a year with only one or two losses."
"I know it's going to be a tough game but I'm confident in my team and I'm going to be 100 percent."
"He added:'I am a real estate developer, so I don't mind if I sell a house."
"He's also a really good player, and I think he's a lot more aggressive than we've seen him in his career."
"I would be happy to see the rest of the team take a look at the squad and see what they can do."
"\"I think it's going to be a very difficult game,\" he said, \"but I'm confident."
"If you're not a huge fan of the game, you might think the best way to beat it is to go for it."
"I've been thinking for a long time that I'm going to have to leave this country, and I'm not."
"It's not like he was saying anything because he was being serious, but I think he had a very serious attitude towards this game."
"It is a massive challenge, but we have to be ready to go in the end and do it in the right way."
"The U. S. has pledged $ 1 billion to help the victims of the war in Syria, but the scale of the effort has not yet been announced."
"\"We have to show that we can do it in a way that's not just a stand- alone event,\" he said."
"I think the whole system has to be a bit more complex than just a couple of lines of code."
"The question is, how much will the trust fund actually cost the company, and how much will it actually be worth to the company?"
"\"We've got to have confidence in ourselves to be able to take the game to them,\" he said."
"I'd like to think that the pressure of the job is a bit different, but I'd like to think that the more people who have the chance to play, the better they are."
"\"I don't know if it's even possible to make the app work,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if people started using it."
"The most important thing to remember is that the more you have to do to get a good result, the better."
"The more you look at the facts, the more you realize that you're not alone."
"\"I don't know if he'll be able to get out of there,\" said a source close to the investigation."
"\"This is a very exciting time and we're excited to be a part of it,\" he said."
"You can't make a point about a 20- year- old being moved to a new house because they don't have the money."
"I was worried it would get turned around and I'm a very proud girl, I don't know what to say."
"They were not in the right place at the right time, and I think we've got to find a balance here."
"\"We don't know the exact timing but we know the whole thing is going to happen,\" he said."
"The French government said it is committed to ensuring the safety and well- being of its citizens and the safety and security of French- visitors."
"\"It's not a joke, it's an opportunity to do something new,\" he said."
"I don't know if the candidates have been informed or not, but I don't know if they have been told they need to go."
"\"I think it's something that I want to be able to take away from it, but I'm not sure it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The race is still young, so if we can get past that, then we will be in good hands."
"\"I think what we've done is we have a very strong club and we've got to win it,\" he said."
"\"This is an emotional moment for me, and it's important for everybody in this country,\" Trump said."
"We were disappointed to lose, but we're not going to let them take us down."
"She said: \"I don't know what to say to people who are concerned about the impact on children."
"That is why I think that the Democratic Party has got to realize that there are many people who are not interested in the Democratic Party."
"She has been at the heart of a successful campaign against her government, which she called \"a failure \"and pledged to reverse."
"I know there is a lot of interest in that and I will make sure we get it right in the end."
"The club's president said he had not yet made a decision but was \"concerned \"by the potential impact of the move."
"But he would not want to admit that he has had some personal issues, nor would he want to acknowledge that his father is not a politician."
"The United States is a key ally of Turkey, and the Turkish president has said that Ankara has a responsibility to help stop the flow of migrants into Europe."
"The government's announcement of the new, lower limit came as a surprise to many, who expected the cuts to come as a surprise to most of the population."
"The only thing I can say is that I don't think it's a bad thing to do it."
"You could have the top player in the world and the next year, if you have the quality, then you're going to win."
"He was shot at by a group of people about five minutes into the conversation, police said."
"But it's not just that I'm a good player, it's that I've had a lot of success."
"The university said it had received no complaints, but added it would consider whether to appeal."
"He was called up by the coaching staff at the time and I'm delighted to say he's one of the best in the competition."
"He's been a great part of our history and we wish him all the best in the future."
"It's not a list of the best places to live, it's a list of the worst places to go, and I don't think we've got that much of a sense of what it's like."
"The first thing you have to do is get in front of the camera and make it look like it's happening."
"She told me she'd never had a problem with him before and the fact that he'd been so good at making me feel good was a great honour."
"He added that the legislation was a \"decision by the people \"and not a matter for the government to make."
"And the fact that we have been able to have this really successful transition period for the last four years has been a big boost to our economy."
"\"We're still looking at the best ways to get around the world,\" she said, adding she believes the UK could also be part of the solution."
"If you want to be successful and be a successful leader, then you need to be able to be yourself."
"I was going to take him off the field, but I don't know if he's back or not."
"A spokeswoman for the State Department said the agency would continue to monitor the situation in Libya and provide assistance to the Government of Libya, as well as to the United States."
"The Government says it will take in more than 100, 000 migrants each year and is committed to getting a better deal for them."
"It's a big game, you want to win it and I think it's one of the reasons why I got there."
"\"When I was younger, I didn't think it was possible to do this in a studio,\" she said."
"If you go to a restaurant and you're sitting in the back of the restaurant, you know there's a lot of people there."
"When I look at the pictures and think about them, I'm not sure what they will look like, but I can tell you that they are special."
"There's no doubt the Australian economy is better off, but there are also some areas where we may be in a worse position."
"\"They've done a great job of turning a season around and we have to expect some big things from them,\" said Smith."
"\"I don't think you can compete in that category at the moment,\" he said, \"and it's not right to do that."
"The number of people killed by police in the past year has risen from 1. 6 million to 2. 6 million, the highest number recorded in a decade."
"\"We were making sure that everything was OK, and that everything was made safe for our guests,\" she said."
"It's an amazing thing to see a dog that can't walk and yet still be a professional dog."
"The first- time offense, which ranked fifth in the NFL last season, had a six- game losing streak."
"The state's election regulators said they have filed complaints with the FBI about the phone number used in the hacking."
"This means that, in a country where 80 per cent of its population is female, there is a much higher chance of a woman getting pregnant."
"It is clear from the footage that these were not a single- handed attack, but rather a series of repeated attempts to breach security."
"I don't know what the guy is doing at this time, but he probably would have a little more success than he did."
"She said she was not surprised by the \"more than 100 \"votes of her supporters to call for the pipeline to be shut down."
"You can't find that in the city,\" he said of the difficulties of dealing with migrants in the Calais camp."
"The bank's chairman, who will be replaced by a new chief executive, has made no secret of his desire to improve the bank's finances."
"I'd been working in this job for 10 years, and I had been married for nearly a decade."
"\"It's not just the economic situation that will determine the outcome of the next election,\" he said."
"That is why I'm asking you to share this: I'm going to be taking a moment here to tell you that the United States Government is deeply sorry for the damage that has been done to the reputation of our country."
"But I think it's good that the person who is actually bringing them to the table has the confidence to do it."
"The world's largest company, it has had its share price down in recent weeks and shares fell as much as a third in the second quarter."
"I'm not a fan of the idea of having one single and then having a lot of people who have a whole lot of different interests in a world where we have so much diversity."
"And they have a lot of support from white working- class voters who were disappointed with Hillary Clinton in the primary."
"'I was on a boat, the water was so cold, and the only way I could get up was to stand on my stomach and eat a few pieces of bread."
"It was a bit of an odd moment for me when I was thinking that I'd just lost the baby."
"We know we have a big gap but the game is still not over and we're determined to continue to win games."
"A lot of the time you're just looking for a cup and then you get stuck in a cup and you have to go back."
"It was as if the cat had been lifted from a small space and was flying straight up into the sky."
"I think it's good to get the ball to the right side, and I think I was just fine."
"\"If the government wants to get to the bottom of what happened, we're going to have to look at the whole story,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew by 1. 9 percent in the fourth quarter of 2015, the fastest pace in nearly a decade."
"I want to be the best in the world and to be able to play in a top team, which is something I want to do."
"The Republican front- runner, Donald Trump, has said he would pay more in federal taxes in order to lower his tax bill."
"The fact that we are going to be on the road again is good, we are going to be in the best form that we can possibly be."
"It was a very difficult time for me, but I've got a lot of people here who know me."
"It's a great opportunity for them to be able to talk about it and see the guys who are going to be in there."
"The company has been trading in the US for about a year and has had a pretty consistent impact on the market."
"\"It is a question of what will the best response be for our children, and that is a conversation we have not yet had,\" he told the Guardian."
"He said:'I don't know what I'm going to do now, I'm going to do it tomorrow."
"She's taken the extra steps to help us and I'm delighted she's here, I think she's really helped us."
"The group said it had received more than 400 applications from young people from around the world, but most had not been accepted by the government."
"\"We're going to see more of these in the near future, but that will be a very, very difficult thing to do,\" he said."
"\"I was really struggling at the end of last year and I was thinking, \"I can't keep up with him,\" \"she said."
"I think there are a lot of reasons why we don't know what the future holds, and why we can't predict what will happen."
"They don't know how long it will take for them to be able to recover and be able to keep their jobs."
"The family are still in the process of negotiating with the airline, but the deal is expected to be approved by the airline's board."
"The former secretary of state is set to take part in the presidential debates next month in New Hampshire, but not the debates themselves."
"The city is located in a far southern part of the country, with more than 2 million people living there."
"The number of people who came into contact with the project in the last year has increased from 5, 000 to 10, 000."
"I don't know what's going on, but if it is, I'll just have to wait and see."
"I've done my best to make sure that you're ready, that you're in good shape and we're able to get the ball into the box quickly."
"It is not the first time that the current owners have had to pay for a failed attempt to get their properties sold."
"We have to make sure that we have a good communication with our customers and we have to keep our staff well- informed so that we can make sure that we are providing the best service."
"He also claimed that he was not surprised by the government's decision to remove him from the list, saying he had not had contact with the armed forces since he was a child."
"You might be able to help someone in need by offering them a ride, or you might be able to buy a ticket for a friend or family member."
"She was on the phone for more than a month and was told she could not be taken to hospital because she was not in good condition."
"You know, I had an opportunity to put a basketball on the table and say what I felt like and I was able to do that."
"The scheme is being rolled out across Scotland, and it will continue to apply throughout the year."
"I don't think it's a stretch to say that he's not going to be a great quarterback."
"He said:'I had to make the decision to go home because my wife and I were so worried that I might be taken away from me."
"The companies were hoping to get more than \u00a3 40, 000 each from the sale but were told that it would be difficult to get the money back."
"\"He's been out on the town for a few weeks now, and he's been home the whole time,\" she said."
"This is the most important thing for me, because I want to make sure that I'm playing well enough to be able to get back into the squad."
"We have to find ways to work together, and the fact that we have two very close friends is just another example."
"When I was in school, I was always the best student and I would have a bad day, but I was determined to do my best to be better."
"\"I think it's something that will be addressed and they will be able to come back and say what they want,\" she said."
"The cause was not immediately clear, but the two men were described as white, 5- foot- 5 and 250 pounds, and from the same area of the city."
"\"I'm really excited to be back in the race and I feel good about the race, I'm excited about the preparation, the preparation for the race and the preparation for the races,\" he said."
"\"I was very lucky that I got to be there with my family and friends, and I'm very grateful to have been able to be there,\" she said."
"I know I'm not alone, but I'm going to get on with it, I know I've got a lot of people out there."
"A resident who saw the fire was able to get out to save her son and her daughter, who were at home with their father."
"We don't have to worry about losing the job because we're going to win, we're going to get to work."
"He had been working on his own, but he had the idea to try and do it for himself."
"As we sit here today, we're going to be talking about a few things that you may not be familiar with."
"\"I'm not sure how to even begin to explain it to him,\" one person close to the case told the newspaper."
"The business will be up and running in the next couple of years, and we will be making our decisions with the best interests of the shareholders at heart."
"This is the sort of thing that we want to get out of the way and make the most of."
"He also hopes to work with them in the field to help them with the right conditions to allow them to be promoted."
"The 18- year- old is the second victim to be identified as a victim of the attack in the area."
"It's not easy, but you have to find a way to live your life on your own, and that's what we're trying to do."
"But if he's not, then he'll be asking for it on the field, and that's going to be a problem."
"But I don't think the issue is that I'm playing the way I want to play, I just don't think it's the right choice."
"And in a recent interview with the BBC, he said he would be \"absolutely \"open to a deal with the European Union to end the dispute."
"The North Korean leader was a popular figure among his people, but his regime had no interest in his ideas."
"As we have already seen, our laws are very clear that we don't want to be in the position where we can hide behind this."
"We've got to be ready for anything and every game and we've got to be ready for the next one."
"They're going to be very upset and very scared, because the facts are out there and the facts are out there, and they've got to find a way to make things better."
"The message that he'd had for more than two years had come true- he was a man of many promises."
"But it is the fact that Trump's win in the state is on the rise that has given him a wider appeal."
"They will be able to take over a vast amount of space and it will be a lot more expensive than what we are used to."
"He's a good role model for kids to learn, and he's always been there for them."
"He also said he would like to see a more \"serious \"approach to the conflict- of- interest issue."
"It's not a problem for them, because they don't know how they're going to feel when they're in the dressing room."
"At a time when the world is facing a serious humanitarian crisis, we must ensure that we are taking this seriously."
"The country's oil exports are estimated to be worth $ 4. 2 billion in 2016, up from $ 2. 5 billion in 2015, according to the World Energy Organization."
"The technology company is offering the service to its customers who have been waiting for more than a month for a replacement that will fit the bill."
"If the team is not capable of playing at this level, then the world is not going to see it."
"I've always thought if you play a good game, you're going to be successful."
"\"I think it's a really good time to be a teenager in this country, and if you can get your parents to put your foot down and start putting their feet up,\" she says."
"\"I don't think there is a good reason to think there is going to be a time when you're going to use something like that,\" he said."
"He said: \"The reason is that the technology is so cheap, it's so easy to use, and it's so easy to use on the road."
"The new rules, which will be announced next week, will be introduced after the UK's decision to leave the EU, which the EU referendum result has sparked."
"The latest analysis of the data suggests that a 2 per cent rise in the minimum wage would cause an additional 1, 500 jobs to be lost in England and Wales."
"I think we're playing a really good game here, but I'm not saying we can win it all."
"\"I don't think it's any secret that there are a lot of people in the media that don't want to know,\" he said."
"We've got a good team, and we can win games but we've got to have a good preparation."
"It's not like I don't want to go to the next level, I want to get into the next level."
"\"We have a lot of players who are very good, so they can play for us,\" he said."
"She said: \"I have to say I was shocked to learn the man was stopped and arrested by the police."
"As for why I had to do this, I didn't want to put any pressure on myself to do it."
"\"I think we're going to have to start doing it now,\" said the President- elect, who has been campaigning for months to have his cabinet members in place."
"I'm a big fan of the idea that he can be one of the top players on the pitch and that would be fantastic."
"He had one more run in a row, but he was a bit of a wild card and I think he was a bit of a surprise."
"The military said the teenager was being treated in a hospital for a serious injury and was expected to survive."
"The team has a few guys who can play on the outside but they're not good enough to play there."
"He has a lot of work to do, but he has an opportunity to improve his game and hopefully he can do it."
"The 17- year- old was reportedly beaten by two men in the area and taken to the police station where he was arrested on suspicion of murder."
"\"I think they're not all in the same boat, but we're all in the same boat,\" he said."
"The official said the visit was intended to encourage the Turkish government to return to the negotiating table on the issue."
"But I think we had a better chance of being able to get a number of guys that we know could potentially play at right tackle."
"But she was not allowed to use her mobile phone, and she was warned by the police that she would be fined if she continued to use the app."
"\"It is a victory for the people, and for our country,\" he said in a statement."
"It's a very different way of doing things to where I am today, but we're going to get the best out of it."
"It's not the first time that the company has gone public, and the company announced the launch of a second store in a bid to attract more customers."
"The move was a direct response to a series of events that have resulted in some businesses taking steps to address the situation."
"The first presidential debate between Trump and Hillary Clinton, scheduled to air in Las Vegas on Sunday, is scheduled to begin at 8: 30 p. m."
"It's been a long time coming, but I'm delighted and very happy to have played for him."
"The man was reported missing by his wife and two children, aged nine and nine years, when they were discovered in the car."
"But the report did not name the woman, or the man who allegedly attacked her, as a suspect in the attacks."
"The National Front's foreign policy chief has been targeted by an angry crowd of protesters who say he is anti- Islam."
"That's the reason why we have the most affordable houses in the world- that's the reason why we have the biggest economy in the world."
"\"The people of Aleppo are very worried about what is going to happen next, and we have made clear that we are prepared to deliver humanitarian assistance to them,\" he said."
"But they're also in the second- position, so it's a fight to make sure you get the ball in the right position."
"\"It's the last thing I want,\" he said, referring to a potential deal with the U. N. Security Council."
"It's a time to reflect on what it means to be a woman, to reflect on what it means to be a man, to reflect on what it means to be an immigrant and what it means to be a woman."
"He said: \"The problem with the whole thing is that it's not really going to be a winner- take- all."
"\"We know that the two- year- old has a lot of problems with a lot of things,\" he said."
"The prime minister's office said the bill, passed by the Assembly last year, would be a \"solution \"to the problems facing the state."
"\"I'm not sure how that could happen, but I've been through a lot and I'm pretty confident,\" he said."
"\"I've played with a lot of the players and they've played for me before, so I've really enjoyed it,\" he said."
"But the two sides are in no rush to make a deal, and it will take at least a week before the talks can begin."
"The number of people reporting being hit by a car, truck or other vehicle has grown from 1. 6 per cent in 2014 to 2. 5 per cent in 2016."
"\"The key thing is to keep your brain in the right place at the right time, just to see the result,\" she said."
"\"I think he's a great guy, I think he's a great person to work with,\" Jackson said."
"In a letter to the Home Secretary, he said:'The Home Office was concerned about the safety of the officers involved and the safety of the community at large."
"The hotel will also include a bus stop and a restaurant, which will be available in the new area."
"The poll found that almost half of Americans are not concerned about the future of the country's economy, but worry about the future of the world economy."
"\"There are too many young people in the workforce who are not ready to accept the big changes,\" he said."
"The researchers also found a significant increase in the number of people who reported that they had been diagnosed with the virus when they were young."
"I've got to be ready for that and I don't want to be out there with a bad performance."
"A child who was in a car with his mother and father and was being driven to a friend's home is in serious condition after a collision with a car, police have said."
"We're just going to take care of business and that's what I feel like I can do."
"I would have to say it's pretty amazing to watch it, but not just for the guys but the players."
"She is one of the few people I know who is willing to listen to her own words and not make mistakes."
"I will keep on telling you that this is the best thing we can do to make our country great again."
"It is thought that he has been in a relationship with a woman for years and has always been attracted to her."
"He has been selected as the team's defensive player of the week for Week 17 and is a close second to Jones."
"\"I think we're going to have to deal with it,\" said Mr. Khan, who is also a Muslim."
"'There was one time when I went to see a doctor and I said I could not have it because it was too hard to get."
"For the first time, a legal battle over the fate of a property will be brought before the Supreme Court."
"He was found guilty of five counts of murder and two counts of causing death by dangerous driving, as well as two counts of murder and two counts of causing death by dangerous driving."
"We are going to be looking at all the options and we will be ready to go if they decide to do that."
"It's about whether you can survive the next five years, whether you can live in the future, and whether the people of this country are prepared to do the right thing."
"The trade deficit has increased by less than 2 percent a year since the financial crisis, according to the latest official figures."
"The judge said it was \"important \"that they had a safe place to be when they returned home to find that they had been detained."
"He's had a lot of success in the last couple of years, but I'm not sure if he's got the character to carry it."
"The idea is to use a lot of public space to make a difference in people's lives, not just in the short term, but for the long term."
"The economy grew at an annual rate of 2. 4 per cent in the quarter and is now growing 2. 7 per cent a year, a faster pace than the 2. 9 per cent recorded in the previous quarter."
"'There was a very serious injury, but he was in good health and in good condition,' she said."
"The US, UK and France have been among the countries where the two- year- olds will be allowed to start school."
"We're going to have to be careful, because we're not going to be able to find the support that we need to get it done,\" he said."
"For example, if you are a restaurant owner, you might want to set up a plan to pay your staff a monthly wage."
"And in the U. S., the military is doing just that, with one military base in Virginia that has been used for training troops for the first time."
"For the first time since I became an adult, I realized that the love I had for my own body was, in fact, what made me human."
"'We were very lucky to have the home we'd been searching for and to be able to have all the books we'd need for our future."
"As a result, some of the country's most vulnerable young people are now being left behind, says one report."
"It was something that I didn't want to do because I'd be out of my mind."
"I have to tell you, it was a wonderful night, a wonderful night for the fans and the country, and I'm very proud of the players and the staff for that."
"I'm not going to say anything but we've got to be focused on the next game and get the momentum going."
"\"It's hard to make a living, but it is a much better job,\" he said, speaking on the phone from Italy."
"The national government is responsible for making sure that these are done properly and that we are doing everything in our power to ensure that they do."
"But the legislation has been criticised by health campaigners, who say it would slow down people's access to care and make it harder to access care."
"The study looked at the impact of EU rules on the use and use of cannabis in Scotland and found that cannabis use in Scotland was up by 4. 2 per cent compared to the UK as a whole."
"If you are not prepared to pay, there is a very good chance that you will never get the money back."
"When asked why, he said: \"Because I want to make a difference in my life."
"We know that when we're playing the Broncos, we have to be ready for every game, and we're not."
"I think what is the point of having a baby if you can't expect to be a part of it?"
"I don't think it will affect him or his kids, I'm just not sure."
"The US government says it has been \"actively monitoring the situation in Aleppo \"and is \"working closely with the Syrian government,\" as reported by The Associated Press."
"I didn't know what to say to him, he was just like a brother to me and it was the only thing he said."
"It's a lot easier to lose weight when you're in the gym, but it's not always the same."
"And it is not the first time that Trump has used the term \"fake \"or \"lack of judgment \"in his speeches."
"The company also says it has taken steps to improve security at its stores, but says it is not ready to take any action."
"The 29- year- old said: \"I don't want to sound like a negative, but I just wanted to say thank you for everything."
"\"We have to be very careful,\" said the former secretary of state, who is now the head of the UN's refugee agency."
"A man was arrested on suspicion of murder after he allegedly stabbed two people to death at a shopping centre in Glasgow."
"\"We were all really lucky to have one of the biggest records of our lives,\" said the former star."
"The statement read: \"The security services and local communities in Wales are concerned about the threat posed by the terrorist group Islamic State."
"It is believed that the high- rise structure was brought down by a fall in the pressure from the winds."
"\"It is a matter of life and death for me to be out here, but I'm just so lucky to be here,\" he said."
"There's a lot of games in this year's playoffs where we have to go out and win and be ready to go."
"And we've got to see what happens in the next five years, and then we're going to make a decision about where we are."
"The man was treated for a head injury and was taken to Royal Adelaide Hospital with serious injuries."
"For all those who took part in the online vote, there were only four people who didn't like the winner."
"It is in the latter category that most of us believe in the idea of democracy- not just in the US but everywhere in the world."
"I don't know why we need to worry about it, because we know how we're going to play."
"We've got a lot of things we're going to have to work on in the next few weeks, but we're not going to sit here and say we're not going to finish the season and we're not going to finish it."
"\"We're still in the process of getting all these data points and they're not quite as good as what we've got,\" he said."
"\"I think he's a good player, but he's not going to be the top player in the world,\" Jones said."
"But I was also really excited to get the chance to work with him for a very long time and see what he's been doing."
"You can't just put out a fire and expect to get out by the time it's gone."
"\"It's not going to change, so we're going to have to keep an open mind about what we're doing,\" he said."
"\"We've got to get the right players out there and then make sure that we've got the right balance of players,\" he said."
"But at the same time, it's a beautiful thing to watch, and I'm still thinking about it."
"When he said that, he was concerned that the women who had complained were being given the wrong information."
"The university also said the girl had \"the right to privacy \"in a statement released by the school."
"The project is estimated to cost $ 1. 7 billion and will be completed in the next four years."
"The state budget is still at a point in its life where it is a competitive issue, and it will be up to the voters to decide how they go about doing that."
"\"I don't know what the time frame is, but I'd like to know if there's anything we can do to make that happen,\" he said."
"The U. S.- led coalition bombing the Islamic State militant group has conducted airstrikes against the group's main training camp in Iraq."
"I had never been involved in politics before, so I was looking forward to this."
"\"It is hard to find anything in the last 12 months that feels like it is from the past,\" he said."
"It's a way to win back the trust of the players and they have to take care of themselves."
"The 10- year- old is now in a stable condition in hospital after being hit by a car while on a school trip in the Netherlands."
"It is the first time the U. S. has agreed to do so in a nuclear deal since the nuclear deal with Iran was signed."
"I will be the first to admit that I'm a little surprised that some of the first acts that came out were very good."
"For example, a woman may be more likely to be diagnosed with type 2 diabetes than a man, a new study has suggested."
"\"I think we need to make sure we are not only in the discussion, but we are also the ones who are really going to have the debate,\" she said."
"She said the incident occurred just before 10 a. m. local time and that she didn't know where or when she was going to."
"But it is important to note that while the figures are for the whole UK, the majority of people in the UK are not in the EU."
"But we're still the best team in the league, and we're still playing good, and that's going to help us win games."
"I'm a good kid, but I can play at the level I want to play at, but I have to make sure I don't get injured."
"And it's the first time that the president- elect has said publicly that he doesn't want to see a nuclear Iran."
"The men's game is very important for the national team, so I'm excited about the opportunities that we have in front of us."
"He is not a bad player, he has a good work rate and he has got a good head."
"There is no official evidence to suggest that the charges were connected to the May 23 coup, and the public prosecutor has told the BBC it has not heard from any alleged links."
"It's a hard sell for many people to stay in their home country, but if you do, it's worth the investment."
"It's a shame because I think we have a real problem here, because it's a big business."
"There are very few people that can pull it off, and I'm just really proud of the players and I'm proud of the group of players that are here."
"The Fed, which is scheduled to raise its benchmark interest rate from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco to its highest in nearly a decade, is also taking steps to lower its benchmark overnight rate."
"The Chinese government has also been accused of paying out billions to companies in the US to boost the economic growth of the US."
"We are seeing a real decline in the proportion of women who are on benefits, and we need to make sure that the system is working properly."
"The U. S. State Department has also said the group's influence in Libya is limited and limited to its influence over governments there."
"\"I know that I'm not going to make a good life for myself and my family, I'm not going to be able to go out and do this,\" she said."
"It's a game you have to be prepared for, especially in this last game against a team that is already very good."
"There are so many kids out there who are playing on a day- to- day basis and there's a lot of pressure."
"She said she was not sure what was going to happen after the three- year- old died, but it was the right thing to do."
"I have never had a problem with a woman being a woman, or being a black woman being a black woman, but I've always been a white woman."
"I had a few drinks with the guys, they were telling me that the team was going to be on the road."
"They are looking for people who are going to come and stay, to provide a sense of safety, to take people on trips."
"I know that they are going to be a lot harder to find in the next few weeks than they were in the past."
"\"The government has an opportunity to engage with the community in the way that it has for the last decade,\" he said."
"\"This is a very small number of people, but the number of people that are affected is very small,\" he said."
"The same holds true for the Welsh Government's EU budget, which is due to be announced in March."
"The official told the AFP news agency that the man was taken to a local hospital with injuries that were not life- threatening."
"The party's general election campaign, which starts on Tuesday, will focus on the EU referendum, the Scottish vote and the Scottish Conservative party's leadership contest."
"The study found the male partner had had sex with two women, but not one of them had been married."
"The deal could bring the Dodgers back into the top spot in the National League West after a 3- 1 loss to the Cubs on Tuesday."
"He has been playing really well in the past week and he's going to be in a good position to win it."
"We have got to get the balance right, we have got to get the balance right, but we will have to be patient, we will have to have our own games."
"\"It's not the kind of thing you would expect, especially when you're dealing with the first person,\" he said."
"And, we have a lot of people, particularly in the middle class, who have lost a lot of their children."
"The program, which has a total of over 1, 500 participants, has been going on for nearly two years now."
"When he's not traveling, he's going to play golf, but he's not going to be able to do it in the gym."
"But the two- year- old was beaten by the same person on the street and is still in hospital."
"The rally comes as Trump has also made a number of controversial statements in the past week, including one that said he would build a wall on the border with Mexico."
"The men are also accused of having a history of drug abuse, including drinking heavily and driving."
"This is a very complex decision- one which you need to make in order to make sure that you are making the right investment decisions."
"The Mail on Sunday has confirmed a 23- year- old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being questioned."
"There are obviously some very tough times ahead but we are just trying to focus on the big things and we are doing that."
