"An ally is treating us very well, we just needed to hear from him and I think he has everything for her now."
"Clinton has at least $ 3 million in remaining cash, though several non- private sector candidates have already made $ 1 million."
"I have faith that somebody outside the administration will have their hand down, probably someone or two outside, but I feel it is the FBI who has to have their hand out."
"This is yet to be fully understood and, as with all global warming research, complex causes are going to be one of the main sources of risk."
"However, a team of researchers has been looking for a way to develop a treatment for young adults with learning disability."
"I've always been disappointed when we got kicked off the wrong side, and it's only right I did that."
"Earlier this year, Tesla announced its first- ever commercial application of its self- driving technology to lower emissions in the fuel cells of its cars."
"Mr. Kasich's campaign team laid out the names and benefits of potential donors ahead of the Indiana primary and encouraged Mrs. Clinton to attend."
"And today's debate is going to be about the role that work, play, time, organisation and place play in one's life."
"A lot of people were worried that his record wasn't going to play well on Christmas Day and that he wasn't going to be able to build that strong network."
"The company then argued that the accident was caused by a smartphone and not a human error, so no- one is now entitled to recover money from the airline or customer."
"\"This isn't really a concern, but I think it's important for us to know what is going to happen, and how it's going to be addressed,\" he said."
"She suggested that \"if you want to come out of your comfort zone you need to be careful with what you say."
"I want the deal done because we were hoping to go into the quarter, so it is not good timing."
"Their attorney has said they plan to go the U. S. on legal defense, even if the court takes them there."
"Other than two percentage points decline (likely because more of the final ballot was spent than previously predicted) the state is still in a recovery season for polls."
"But not every time, and it's up to other people in this sport to do their own thing."
"As a result, more pupils aged 6 to 9 years old are free from test- the age for which they will learn English."
"He used to live with his parents in southern France, but his mother moved to England when the two were young."
"In any event, I had hoped to get the car in for another week, so I might as well keep it in a can in case something happened."
"Still, we know the banks can play games, and can, for example, write up their own buy- in after the fact."
"You just put them in my body like a piece of meat, they're not going to make it."
"It may take some time before I think we get the answers because there aren't any answers to that."
"\"If you like the results of good soccer, then you shouldn't be surprised by what you see on the street,\" she said."
"While the cuts are aimed at small businesses, for a few millions of people who have lost the last years of their normal lives, those cuts are far from a return to the old ways of life."
"\"I am determined to continue this mission while building my party in the strongest possible way and we need to start all over again,\" he said."
"With schools having to spend more money on fees and other student fees and lack of the support and support of a pay rise, the family is being asked to bear the responsibility for our school."
"\"It wasn't a decision I made from the beginning, but I felt like, in the end, the women did really well,\" the star revealed."
"But Mr Turnbull did not rule out accepting the $ 15 million package if there was a financial windfall from it."
"\"As is so often the case with future presidential candidates, some politicians'expansion in the polls was part of a desire for political territory that Washington and London did not want,\" he added."
"The new states of Washington, D. C., California and New York were all large cities, so everyone was from somewhere, but everybody in the house was in the U. S. Northern states didn't have very many doctors."
"We'll definitely be playing a big role and growing over the next few years in which we'll be increasing our players better and faster."
"Speaking of Germany, Kerry told reporters \"you can see that we are very different in many ways from other countries and you can't just predict what is going to happen in Germany in Europe."
"They continue to respond with renewed anger and frustration, through YouTube comments, Facebook posts and more."
"These two guys he's come to to training with as a worker and he's learning his trade and getting better every year."
"I've had cancer my whole life, but it would be worth it if I had won it when I was young and in a healthy shape."
"I think it's a very old tradition that I have to get behind and take responsibility, but it's not really going to happen soon."
"On top of this, any rent you pay over the life of the build will be in your pocket for at least 20 years, ensuring you can afford to rent the house once you're out of retirement."
"That will be significant to the group's members, as well as some parents who have sold their own holiday homes."
"However, last year's Olympic Games in London were a disaster for the women's game and it was always thought that the men were just coming into the picture."
"It's that time of year when people have to stay in their homes and work overtime in order to raise cash."
"\"It's important for people to know that life changes for everybody, regardless of what you choose to do,\" he said."
"Both situations require attacking players to attack the weak side so any chance for a direct edge of attack is a good investment."
"A US man who joined a terrorist group fighting in Syria has been convicted of two counts of murder, prosecutors say."
"\"The principal consideration was that she would probably choose to stay longer in this position if there were options available to her,\" Mr Clarke said."
"The first type of stress we experience when you don't see anything that you'd want to pay attention to, so much so that you have a hard time holding your head up high, is emotional trauma."
"I love playing there, I've been there for the last 10 years, so I'm determined to make it big."
"The primary focus of their conduct, he said, was the \"inconvenient \"and \"totally fake \"hasbara produced by Chinese media."
"\"I know it's going to be difficult if we don't get a result in the back of it,\" he said."
"He scored two goals and gave the visitors hope against Liverpool, who have conceded a league goal in their previous seven games."
"The only question is what it would feel like if all young people's DNA and these voting machines are designed for one thing."
"Last month, Barack Obama signed the bill into law that would open a new initiative program to build construction projects across the country."
"After the findings were reported, the three people being investigated became suspects after police received letters urging them to send a positive report."
"Last week, The New York Times published a series of leaked documents that revealed the FBI has made major changes to its strategy."
"The spending on these two properties has increased more than 25 per cent since the recession, even as the proportion of funds used was falling."
"I was just the kid from the blocks, got a team contract, got more respect than anyone, took a great opportunity and decided to play."
"\"The team just didn't feel like they could have any control over it,\" he said."
"After just five weeks of sex, no one knows whether he remains a woman or whether he's still one."
"Most of the killings in Paris in the last year have been by men in their 20s or 30s, according to authorities."
"A spokesman for the Home Office said: \"We are already taking measures to make sure we ensure that children and young people receive the support that they need and the security that they need to live their lives."
"I said to myself what is really important to realise as a doctor, is getting the type of training that you need to go through this."
"The biggest danger has been that the national drink prices have got to the point where people are so used to cheap alcohol and that it is becoming more expensive."
"The new experiment is also designed to measure the amount of time you spend working on a problem before you break out into a smile."
"He is known to be capable of hitting even the fastest breaks at elite levels but didn't actually have a deep run until a year ago."
"\"I remember the time when we went out and the fans weren't paying,\" he said."
"We are trying to prepare, we have our strong core players, and also the younger kids who are enjoying their lives."
"It is not possible for any study to be based in an island if you are not part of the wild."
"\"I think we will need to do things for each other, we'll have a game that's more about the places,\" she said."
"To show some of the skills and technical stuff that we are looking to get into a Premier League club, we are playing a bit better."
"Maybe that's just my personal feeling- I guess, let's have another captain come in and do his thing."
"'I would say 90% of my time is spent preparing,' he said last year, adding he left home after nearly 20 years on the job."
"At the moment, we've got a few of the players who aren't paid to perform with the team in this league."
"A man has been killed and two others injured after a truck crashed through a barrier at a Glasgow Airport on Tuesday morning, according to police."
"He's under contract until the end of his third season, but it's the first time he has played in one of the biggest games in franchise history."
"Russia's Defense Ministry stressed that it was \"aware of the incident \"and said the attack was not linked to any terrorist group."
"From that perspective it is hard to see the government working directly with the institutions so that this is a political problem, we don't need the government \"actions."
"It is a legal matter and we cannot comment on any specific case in which the campaign may have taken part, we have not done so."
"An increasingly popular New York Times poll finds that Americans are on the side of New Jersey Sen. and Republican candidate Donald Trump."
"But to the industry, the announcement from Mr Cook's office follows a string of massive advertising campaigns launched in recent years."
"There were people making a complaint about traffic lights and we'd have to get it fixed,\" he said."
"I thought it would be good to move to the States for a couple of weeks before getting in the car, he said."
"\"There was a great way they got themselves into that middle- ground so they feel at home,\" Rubio said."
"Over the next six months, there will be no record of his spending, although he admitted to drinking three or four times a week."
"The train in the train and the video station outside the station was closed by the workers who were allowed to continue operating, despite a ban."
"With a Republican, they can vote for anyone who wants to be their president and say no- they don't support Donald Trump."
"\"They see everything else I have to put in,\" Clinton told the Jewish Chronicle in March, then expanded on her rhetoric by claiming she would make it very hard for Muslims."
"We didn't realize what we were doing until there was the film, so we kind of put our feet on it."
"\"The most difficult thing that you have to do is prepare for the days off in such a short time because of the virus,\" he said."
"The fifth class takes a full- time status review, but it still requires 100 per cent participation in the process."
"Since his proposal came into effect just two months ago, the Bank of England has been unable to keep its rate of growth steady."
"How do you manage an entire generation of people that don't know who you are?\"as well as those who like each other well and actively connect online and know each other all the time?"
"The senior officer's conduct while investigating the shooting shows that they were both active duty soldiers who held complex positions as police in the area."
"The storm knocked out power to some 600 businesses across the world, leaving some of the greatest amounts of power cut off."
"While she may not live long enough to remember her son, she thinks she's done the best she can to stay in the moment."
"The figure is one of the highest, ranging from 1. 6 percent to almost 50 percent, since World War II."
"Not only that, if I get paid for each time I walk off screen, my self- money will go towards not watching my personal life's shows."
"And I think on an official level, we hope our research helps to understand it better."
"The four or five year old girl has gone to work, the boy has been left in a cell and the girl is in the waiting room."
"'There have been a few times over the last couple of years where there has been a surge in college students because of the diversity of the campus."
"He posted a series of comments, which appeared to support his case, on Facebook where he often attacked Trump."
"If Sanders are in the seat of our dreams-- America, Europe, Asia-- he will have found a ticket here."
"It was my first attempt at not being \"more \"than six months late to school, in fact, the British only did it in October 2014."
"I want to let my friends know I got very lucky and decided to ask them about it."
"The two people known to have been taken into custody in connection with that shooting are both men in their 20s."
"The fire has been put out of commission for months and, because of the heavy demand from artists, we've lost our last supply of black people."
"The idea behind the international alliance is that we work together in improving the financial security of the area, that helps those two countries, but we only came to the agreement at the 18th and that's why you can change the agreement."
"'You don't do these things to the same degree or the same teams, just because you can't have a competitive competition,' she said."
"\"We've been at this the best part of two or three years and I have felt we've got through to the finals,\" Murray said."
"For each person, a poll to discover their views on immigration, immigration spending, paid time off and a choice between two alternative ways of spending, was conducted."
"Meanwhile, the proportion of EU members \"investing in Britain has fallen, from 35. 5 percent of the gross domestic product in 2013 to 25. 6 percent of the GDP in 2015."
"The Associated Press can reveal that 20 companies are selling flood insurance in Pennsylvania this year, with the lowest- selling state having a market value of $ 28 million."
"That report is scheduled to be released by the bank's chief financial officer in April, with its new chief executive until June."
"He said: \"The momentum is back up this year so I'm excited for sure and I think we will do well next year."
"Yet it is an odd gender- diversity, perhaps even a bad one, when a leader tries to shape his way of working."
"'They seemed to know each other as we went and from about the middle of the day we tried to talk on the phone, or perhaps I got lost,' she said."
"\"But all of these powers and details are before Parliament, and the real decisions are up to members of Parliament,\" he said."
"It didn't take long for supporters to acknowledge the signing of a fresh eight- year deal in which West Coast has not even been born."
"If it weren't for the vast majority of injuries he would be healthy, I don't know what kind of person would have that vision."
"\"The marriage got off to a slow start with no ceremony and I couldn't stay in the house for long, I had a heart attack,\" she said."
"Mr Khan, who is Khan's third Muslim- American rival, said he would raise concerns with the prime minister to see if he could work with her."
"And it's only now that I think there is a recognition that there is a significant medical issue in gender identity."
"I know she'll give a speech, and every once in a while I'll call to ask her to join me in the theater."
"An \"Almost- Don't \"is the best option for those who live less than four miles from your side of the road."
"The Republican nominee's staff didn't immediately respond to a request for comment about any concerns in relation to the candidate's private health."
"The home secretary, who was banned from the streets for two years for entering her residence without permission, was found guilty on Monday."
"If you're not hearing it through, and you're having it affected just for the moment, it's not right for you to share it."
"The person who may have forgotten will be removed from your family, and when you have them again, you will have no idea what is happening."
"They also come to an end, however, when Russian forces leave Syria, and the Syrian National Council (SNC) and its alliance with President Bashar al- Assad, and they continue their fight."
"While it didn't lose viewers on YouTube, it is under fire for its use of still images."
"She has been praised by voters and much of the world for her anti- party position on Ukraine but the truth is that Putin's policies on the question of a dialogue with Moscow are not representative of what she believes."
"\"I'm still trying to find out, but the dream isn't going to be over,\" he said."
"The analysis was at the official site of the space station during the launch, but we are still trying to figure out who, or what, set off the station."
"I've spent so much time in the New York office and actually the one here-- I haven't wanted to work here in five years."
"We're a party now that's created for the people in this town, this deeply political, but it's the reverse of what happened 20 years ago."
"They just were, from the floor, at first, so, you know, this sounds wonderful, but then they all died on the spot."
"Still, the notion of them as currency outside the economies of the west is part of the climate that is in the core, according to a study."
"He was the only council member from North- East who didn't want her elected on a Labour promise to investigate child sexual abuse."
"We are now sitting at an 8- year low and losing confidence, so I ask myself questions of what I can do."
"Then he made the determination to leave his family, and would set up a fund to support his family back home."
"I also feel that with the agreement of the government, the most effective way to put pressure on them is with legal measures."
"In 1994, three- quarters of black students and one- in- five white students in South Dakota are one of the nation's top- performing schools."
"We had already made a request for the time to bring him in, and we'd like to make sure there is just the conditions to take him."
"A police spokesperson said in a statement that a Scotland Day truck driver was arrested at Aberdeen station and the incident happened at about 11: 30 a. m. on October 6."
"His appeals are due to be heard on April 17 and a formal appeal will be submitted to the Home Secretary on the same day."
"A father says he was struggling to keep his baby back from falling off a funeral block that he thought was a death."
"The conditions of use of the building is so complex that it is difficult for any one person to complete it."
"Maybe they didn't look like people in a discussion paper or something but they had a voice and got their message across."
"The New York Times reported that Taylor had accepted $ 300, 000 in cash from a man who appeared to have no apparent connection with the series."
"This not just for me but also for my family because I always felt I was on top and all the best players had the confidence."
"If he isn't what you think, we'll just call him a doormat- nobody's going to give a doormat that action back."
"The phones cost an average of \u20ac 9, 200, but had capacity for up to 11, 000 people."
"\"I am looking forward to facing the I. L. O. P. with confidence, with the confidence of thinking that he is a great guy to coach,\" Woods said."
"The problems that immigrants face in our country, for instance, I understand because of the history that you started."
"They are now travelling about 12, 000 kilometres each way, but her worry is that it will take longer to complete the journey."
"If you want to play on the mountain, you'll have to get on and down the mountain to finish with the top three, which wouldn't be a matter of easy."
"For the parties that are part of the pack, the notion that a vote could be declared in person has its benefits but there is no chance that will work in France."
"'I've never seen a material like this in my life, I hope to see it again next year,' he said."
"And though she was already 36 weeks into a life in housing and felt increasingly isolated, she has now entered a new phase of life."
"We're hoping that people start to see this as an opportunity to spend a few more days with them, because it's meant a lot to them."
"\"One of the central challenges of India is that \"there is a whole movement of young girls and women ; I have girls and women,\" so it was nice to be able to move in my brother's direction."
"I'll finish another job first, and hope that you can laugh at me and understand, at the same time."
"David Cameron's officials said he hoped to \"let people know that more and more \"branches of the economy would join those sets."
"At this point, this was part of the pattern of efforts by Sanders, Rubio and Trump to raise awareness of how power works in America and push their attacks to the right."
"The bank has grown from just two individuals to 65 banks and is looking to add 300 as a result of the referendum decision."
"More than a decade ago it was a fantastic idea to travel to all 50 states in order to give us what we needed to travel to."
"At the time of the shootings, several said they were unable to access health care for their children and family members."
"For such a small race, South Carolina would have required overwhelming support from both major parties and such a margin here is small enough for Clinton to pull ahead."
"So how do you actually make sure every kid in America knows what they're drinking, and their health isn't affected?"
"The test left this 17 year- old with one hand in his head and two broken legs and has since been referred to police for further investigation."
"We have been told that Mr Davies was employed by a company dealing in railway equipment but has not been able to confirm what that business is."
"We need to play to the full potential of the squad and how I feel this week in terms of performances in the game- how we will have to listen."
"They were 13, 12 and 11 at the time of their death, but could have been 5 or 7 at that time."
"It is a government job and I still do it, it's been done for eight years and no one's done anything, it's all right, I really understand that."
"The Education Secretary is understood to have given an emotional speech after the incidents were discovered while trying to visit her daughter in a changing room."
"Our thinking when it comes to funding your film is we have to go out and direct what we're producing."
"And you need a professional on the spot to help you go from a story to a full- time job as fast as they can."
"There is no doubt in my mind he is a strong force in the team and we want to go in there and win games."
"The mystery man broke off talks with prosecutors who wanted him to pay $ 1. 2 million in penalties."
"They said:'You know, we had a piece of gold in the kitchen on October 30, but it was not one we could afford."
"It's easier to be a fake, like to draw a small white line on the top of someone else's image."
"\"No doubt someone asked me one of the questions, and I told them, and I'm fine now with that,\" she said."
"This year the UK could prove to be an important match for private equity, which needs not only the resources but also the momentum."
"The claim comes as the UK head to prepare for Brexit has come under scrutiny after an internal report revealed that business leaders involved in the process decided on their investment recommendations from the government."
"But I think if people are wanting to make their voice heard it's going to be important that they put the performance in context."
"The 20- year- old actor told The Hollywood Reporter last month:'In France there was an outbreak of this kind, so of course I wanted to get involved."
"Mrs Cameron warned the NHS is already in crisis and added: \"We want to deliver the best possible care and in order to do that we need to start very, very quickly."
"Of the 50 clubs in France, 10 are in the competition for a top six spot and a third place so far has also been announced."
"It was a hard road, but I just finished on top with four and I hope to top eight now."
"\"I have a lot of data to prove myself against a professional who's played the game and know very little about the game,\" he added."
"A United Nations spokesman said on Thursday that most UN member states had given food and water to those most affected by the storm and pledged to provide relief to the people."
"The man told police that he was driving in the park and was making plans to make the following afternoon when the noise got out of control."
"Some of our loyal players can express themselves to be here and there is never any question about us here."
"'I think what I've noticed from kids isn't a typical middle- school teacher but a mother giving her kids opportunities to do what they want in school."
"It's also important that the school finds good value in the models and it's important that the teacher tries to give them confidence and which I think is something I hope to get myself going."
"When he left the club he could not say if he had actually played football, but one afternoon he saw the team at a meeting and even told a reporter his knee was broken."
"They also highlighted the speed at which people can get their first taste of food and drink online, such as through apps like Amazon and Google."
"On the Democratic side, 66 percent of white voters said they \"absolutely \"back Sanders's proposals, compared to 37 percent who said they don't."
"But he says that he's happy with how the journey has turned out for him and he's still hopeful about future results."
"There are certainly other countries that live outside of Africa but I just think they will be more aware of this."
"I decided to go public with my story to teach myself to recognise one another and show others in the community what I wanted to be a part of, whether I wanted to or not, but to the support I had received online, and had"
"Then I went in there, had a look on the screen, just got in the car, and I saw a party taking place."
"She said the suspect was \"very violent and seemed to have been \"angerously engaged \"as the girls were taken away."
"\"It's not a project, I'm just going to do my job,\" he said in a recent interview."
"There was also the risk that they would make the more expensive- the Fed was watching them too closely, as you can imagine- and we all would be quite delighted with what they said."
"\"This is an important point for companies, and for economies in every sector: demand will rise if there are more firms,\" he said."
"\"If you just went out there and did something amazing and got there at the right time, I won't care,\" he told CBS Boston."
"This year I am going to put my lot into anything and then I think I am going to be a very good coach and a really strong one."
"This is not his way, and he has lost all hope of winning this election,\" the Vermont senator said."
"A Liberal Democrat member of the House of Commons who said women should not lead on issues such as education have written to Lord Green."
"More significantly, though, every week seems to go from bad to worse for those who prefer to start the week on a more positive note."
"The rally, which runs from August 1 to 14, will be held at the Media Centre, North Melbourne."
"\"People can use my pictures of me to make a better life for themselves,\" he said in a Facebook message last night."
"Because, again, you're saying this year, but this is the same position that I would have had, but you're going to have a budget to make this work."
"The opposition launched the campaign against the legislation in April but there have been no firm moves on the matter yet."
"While trade on Tuesday remains small in real terms and the economy continued to have a stronger month, the United States and Brazil are clearly supporting each other."
"That really is not a new issue for Ohio, but where I live is a bit different from the rest of the country."
"If he had been killed on the side of the road, we would not have considered what a life that life would have been like."
"Mr Trump will ask Paul Ryan to help create a group to deliver the support for him in his political future."
"For instance, a person born overseas has a higher risk of an illness as they come from a country with few doctors and no skills to care for them."
"The chairman of the Brexit committee has repeatedly condemned this decision and said he would be asking the prime minister to pull out of the negotiations."
"He'll have a chance to get his hands on it in 2018, though I still feel he should be hanging around until he becomes an available free agent."
"I think it has to do with the way people know me and their expectations or the way things are going."
"\"I've become one of the most vocal advocates for climate justice,\" he said, his voice rising, but he didn't look over his shoulder."
"If he really wants to be the next Andy Murray or John Bradley then that's where you get into his plans."
"The judge heard in her case this week that under her sex act which was illegal in the UK, she was not ordered to serve any more than 60 minutes of notice."
"You have to hold a head up straight and you can never go wrong with a fence."
"\"It's time to make the change and I'll keep raising awareness,\" she told supporters when she ran into trouble when running for the presidency."
"She won the nomination on a pledge that Republicans should help those who need help- and Donald Trump specifically."
"The university's crime statistics unit, which reports a record number of crimes, said earlier this month that the suicide rate was up 1 per cent this year."
"Under the plan the City of Edinburgh would cut \u00a3 11, 500 a year to councils, although the plan also raises costs for people who want to stay in Scotland."
"It's a shame, because it takes away from the diversity of our games and it really makes it hard to get over."
"He scored a hat- trick as Miami (10- 9) cut a 1- 0 deficit to 15 in the first quarter to see its opening- round tie game at New York."
"\"As for the State Department investigation, you'll have to wait a bit,\" he said in his previous speech."
"If there is an emergency such as a car accident, emergency services cannot get it into line when calls are made."
"If it looks like a ticket to the hospital it may be a sign that someone has committed suicide or something along that road."
"On average, residents in the region were paid $ 10. 72 per household for four hours of service on average and $ 28. 85 per household for eight hours of service."
"In South Carolina it is actually a ballot question that Clinton will choose to become the Democratic presidential nominee, not something she hasn't done at a national level."
"It can be called on to work as a team, or if you like it that's not great, there's more meetings around this."
"They spoke on his behalf in the House and Senate, when they weren't able to reach agreement on a resolution,\" said the source."
"However, last week, Apple began asking about this in a private meeting, which the company admitted they were keeping private."
"I've said this before: you can't just make something look bad on the outside when you are actually doing it behind the scenes."
"All those people who have set up their own accounts or work in these activities could make a contribution."
"A driver thought he was the first to know about a series of family members going missing in Australia but soon realised that their lives were changing overnight."
"It is more personal, but it is not the usual course in a government (of) three or four years."
"I haven't seen a guy coming in and we were trying to trade him when I saw him last year."
"Trump has now made up his mind about the most conservative position on social policy and that stance was hard to square with his position on civil rights and environmental issues."
"The most disappointing evidence suggests just one in 10 U. S. women will spend at least some time at a career that requires such standard training."
"\"I just can't understand why he didn't tell me and say OK, we'll just have to play our game,\" said Jackson."
"I did know a bit of Chinese with my colleagues and then managed to survive the rest of the school, which was a very difficult operation."
"A dozen or so police officers stood outside the entrance and initially refused to leave, the report said, without further evidence that there was resistance to their presence."
"The lack of competition and then the pay- rise is something I don't like when the cards don't count."
"It came at a time when some men appeared to have given up their bodies to the practice of Muslim women."
"We will be bringing together what we know, what we know really well, and hopefully we can sort that out."
"The North Carolina Department of Public Health reported Thursday that 10 cases were reported in the last three days, and two more were reported on Tuesday."
"We are pleased that we haven't been given a clean break this week, but we remain clear in our approach, which is to take positive steps that have made UK businesses here more competitive."
"\"We had gone out and we had seen how people would pay for the ticket or for some other cost,\" she said."
"There's a lot of people saying you can't make it to the green, because you have a big time."
"The fact that we can do this, we've only got two months to make it all happen, and we've got some new faces."
"The Australian Media Council estimates one- third of Fairfax's 7, 200 employees and 28 per cent of its board members are women, and it seems both for women and for men to show up."
"When did you realize that you need to do that, and what are the opportunities to do that and get out there and build for a second half."
"And apparently, it is no greater than a killer... or even the longest serving president in the history of the Republican Party."
"They're obviously the best- men's world champions in the world, so that probably would have been an issue."
"The club said the victim's family and her co- workers have suffered huge emotional and financial difficulties."
"I had been planning my party a couple of months ago, so this is the first time I got nervous."
"The UK does not allow councils and public sector organisations to know what payments they have made to certain housing agencies."
"That's the moment where the message I was having from people is this: it's the kids that will be voted, and then you can do a politician's impression because you don't care."
"\"But you know, as you know she was always in very good shape, and that is what is going to help the team in that respect,\" he said."
"He would run each time if he needed to, and if he didn't have a practice session, he would rely on practice to score touchdowns."
"This is obviously a negative result for the bank but it is a smaller loss compared to the previous 12 months that we did pretty well,\" he told Reuters."
"Just as we understand that government- owned education is critical, so too should our schools and universities be free of children's religious education."
"The two sides have a close and bitter relationship since former Prime Minister Tony Blair left office, at least in 2008."
"According to one study, German women are less likely to have a beer than men, perhaps because German women don't have to drink too much."
"That may explain why my faith gave me so much support at the end of my childhood when I would be at my best, and perhaps more at the beginning of my growing career."
"The actor said his wife was often at the very very center of his planning and he had set the plan and season together in advance."
"He is a leader of the Democratic Party and, at last week's convention, the party's candidate for secretary of state, Hillary Clinton."
"You would do it over 40 years if you have got an economy which was built around people making less than $ 40, 000."
"'The statements made in this regard can be seen as an isolated incident and are not connected to any local culture."
"\"It's amazing when you think you can knock someone out and this kind of stuff is happening to other guys,\" he said."
"If you are trying to fix a problem you don't like, which seems impossible at first, try to find a different solution."
"Before the election, there was a sign saying supporters \"can't vote in June if a candidate says yes,\" so therefore there are limits."
"They would not be asked to pass through China, who is not a member of this organization."
"\"Our clients say they do so because they love the company,\" he said, \"but it's something I've never really experienced."
"My wife can't sleep or get out of bed for six hours or more and I cannot run as hard as I want to."
"While one in five visitors see a day with as much effect as a film short, just two in ten have to work out how they could make an impact."
"\"In Europe there is a deep trust that someone in the establishment is going to make an attempt to change things for the better,\" she said."
"A university police officer has been charged with murder following the death of a teenage boy after a encounter with police on Saturday."
"The FBI will not release details of the research that led to the requests because the project ended in 2014, several sources told The Associated Press."
"As I prepare to play first class tomorrow, and then this night's game, I want to be ready for next season."
"Despite that, he won't mention that a bank has the risk of not paying him back as a result."
"After President Obama's announcement of a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States in March, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) also claimed responsibility."
"We will not allow this fake news to continue for the rest of his life,\" he said in a statement."
"We just want to win this series and you know how much we'll need to work on in the next game."
"But it's what he did tonight that you see the difference-- his ability to go to the bathroom and he was able to make it work and put him in position to make things work for him."
"In June 2012, Duterte was arrested on suspicion of having links to drug trafficking and detained in a detention cell for a month."
"Not yet a 5- 5 game, it's only going to get better after three games so it's important to keep going."
"They were too little, too late to help their clients end up with proper insurance and other costs, she said."
"He said he was treated as a \"vulnerable victim \"in a gun fight with police, but admitted he had no intention of attacking anyone."
"There is no doubt we want to keep money out of the banks, as we know they're making a huge investment in investing."
"I'd like to be able to comment on that, but at the moment it's something I don't want to talk about."
"So while there is still a massive amount of media coverage of the cost of Australia's involvement with the single market, to do so with international companies can be fun and even welcomed."
"I just wish I could have stayed in the quiet of the class, but I thought the day the thing got off my chest I probably would have just left it on the line."
"But we are hoping to bring more customers in as soon as possible with new products we can provide to the organisation and help ensure the best experience for customers."
"That said, it seems, that's never enough to convince a lot of people that he has a problem."
"The unemployment rate fell to its lowest level since records began in 2009, when record- setting hiring increased its pre- recession growth."
"Those women who are concerned should find that their doctor has told them what to do, and that they should even perform it- it will stop them from going."
"If you see an American soldier involved in a terrorist operation, it is a good warning, because it suggests they have fallen for ISIS, even though it is pretty likely it is a American, a U. S. service member, not an"
"More than half of France's citizens working for small or medium- size firms are free to go on to work abroad if they wish to, the state said."
"More than half the women and young people would be better off if the women's vote were held today."
"What is clear is that we need a lot more speed in our trains so that there's an additional half- hour at an hour faster."
"All we have done for us is get a priority because we want to win at some point, that's the priority we've got."
"Because nobody told us until one day- four months ago- that these rules would end up changing tomorrow."
"It takes two people to give one final direction in life, but that's just what they have done."
"One of the ways in which we create our time was to reflect on the past and remember its aspects."
"It is always so exciting to find out what is possible but I thought this was something really nice for me to try and keep going and see what I can do for the rest of my career."
"The local businessman, who isn't an employee of the plant, said he would like to know if anyone else had been affected."
"\"The sort of thing they were going to [ compete in ] the summit was way down the road,\" he said, referring to the task of campaigning for a no vote in the November ballot."
"We made it really easy on ourselves when we just got a couple of goals and it wasn't much away from goal."
"He said: \"I will be there to listen to the elected representatives at the Scottish Parliament and listen to the views that they have on this matter."
"No one could be certain what would cause the matter to be taken up with the Secretary of State because no powers were to be given to the minister directly."
"He also said despite \"significant progress \"in his anti- corruption campaign, he was not well- prepared for the full range of issues he faced."
"\"We look forward to taking that into account when we decide to set up and test the voting software,\" he said."
"When I started our group I had more traditional meetings- like two or three meetings a year for example- and we were actually responsible to ensure we were on top of the situation when people were dying."
"In the 2015- 16 campaign, 18. 5 percent of voters aged 16- 19 who had never voted, or less than one million, called each election, a 16 percent increase from 2015."
"It's one thing to come out of the festival on a hot day- but another thing entirely to come out of it on a cold day."
"Before her now- retired husband, Boris, took over the task of looking after the family, her thoughts have been to- and through- several big events."
"He has never expressed this view and he's obviously not in the majority in the party, but that hasn't stopped the people of Scotland from wanting to hear that."
"My goal is to compete at the highest levels in the world, and I've got the [ now ] in my recovery to try and go on."
"I've gone from being the late artist to an independent singer when it wasn't, and I've started to share my music with other people, on and off stage and around."
"He said the estimated 1, 000 civilians would be evacuated, while 2. 5 million people were expected to remain in rebel held areas, more than three times the 2, 200 people had been displaced."
"\"We should not stop at simply playing because we want to be part of it, we should do everything we could to work towards improving the more- critical rights of people in work, to see them eligible for contracts,\" he said."
"The Broncos (9- 14, 10- 6) have the longest running game of any NFL team, including five games in a row."
"From looking at the question and coming up with solutions that we need to bring about a political solution, this is the man for them."
"We've got a lot of options that we can choose to take, and I look forward to finding the guys I have the opportunity for."
"'We would like to wait for the ruling to be made but we have been given a great advantage with him and he will stay with us."
"Because it's up to a local resident and other individuals to make that decision and it can affect their house as well."
"Trump met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in March and then asked him to maintain a peace deal with the rebels- something the Russians had agreed to."
"The Metropolitan Police said there was no suggestion a young girl, 18 years old, had been killed but there was no further information to suggest she was part of the group, especially since she would be subject to the offence as a result."
"The kind of desire is a lot different from just about everybody I have, I mean I am not attracted to all the kids."
"The Treasury also provided a special \"private messages \"letter to ministers \"to warn ministers was \"extremely serious \"about the crash."
"He has already told my family he will have no further comment as he is in a decent medical condition."
"This last series is to be treated like a non- stand- alone attempt at an international summit, it is not, and it will not be successful."
"That could cost them only one of more than a dozen jobs, including those in the search development sector, or billions of dollars in new construction revenue, officials said."
"Then he found himself on the wrong side of the blame stick for the storm, and was not being encouraged about his luck."
"In light of the situation, one of the pilot's personal questions will be to the woman's family for their reaction."
"\"As someone who's never owned a car, I can understand why I will feel a bit better,\" he said."
"His wife, who did not want to give her full name, and two children are said to have also been affected."
"\"I would like to see everyone, regardless of religion, and everyone at the lowest level of government, listen to these refugees, listen to the terrible stories they tell their children,\" he said."
"The woman went to see if she could help her father, who had some vision problems and said that she wanted to be in the studio in the first place."
"Speaking to the Mail on Sunday, he said: \"I have also been forced by quite a bit to take a very seriously look at my past treatment of the protesters."
"Last week another worker at the same restaurant was taken to hospital and it's believed the man was hit with the shock wave."
"His largest effect is that the local population and general visitors to the county will stay much longer- and the county hotels will have been sold out."
"But even when we focus on little, we still lose the ball and have to work our way back."
"And we'll be putting ideas into motion to go after it, we've got a new leader in our court."
"We're finding him faster, and his hands are better, which means he'll be looking for a move."
"I'll be on the big court throughout the rest of the season, which is something I'm really happy about."
"\"We've done something on one, we've done something on another, we're still working on it,\" she said."
"According to the Ministry of Health, this person was initially treated at an Asian Hospital for not showing any symptoms."
"\"I am so proud of them because they are not only the first celebrity here, but they are the first person to join the club,\" she said in a Facebook posting."
"We need to take advantage of the schedule and practice sessions and see how we perform under different conditions in different conditions."
"\"He's the fighter I feel I can stick with as well as I can for the rest of my career,\" he said."
"She found in the youngest group the most generous parents, and wanted them to learn all they could about the choices they made with their children and their mother and father."
"As a result, the NHS has struggled to cope with the overwhelming number of patients waiting longer than possible."
"The group, which is also the third largest group of investors in Manhattan, plans to add other projects in recent weeks."
"The \"simpler \"never happens in a life of constant school and home living- the lifestyle of Edinburgh."
"She said:'There is no small amount of panic when I'm not in my car, but there is a fine line and if you aren't up to speed it is definitely to be avoided."
"He knew his appeal had been rejected but told the judge he would appeal to the Supreme Court if his name was cleared."
"\"A terror attack on an Australian service member and a Sydney doctor's family is a terror attack against our community and, if we don't address this immediately, it will be for our own benefit and we will turn our back on all Australians"
"\"It's for me to say: let's go from here to there and see what we can do to bring those patients home,\" he said."
"\"I have just said the chair will be listening to them, there will be meetings to look at issues we have or things we want to look at,\" he said."
"But such a claim won't pay off for it, which means researchers are free to take their work further, to the point of personal gain and cost."
"There has been too much talk, not enough action and we have got to wait and see how this device will play out."
"'We thought he was going to walk out with a second bottle and let himself down,' she told the Independent."
"This is likely to be a result of Clinton's effort to attract younger voters to her cause, as they can just as easily expect Sanders to embrace the idea."
"President Obama and world leaders discuss efforts to end World War I in Europe, a topic that is in front of the British prime minister, David Cameron, and European Union leaders in Brussels on Thursday."
"Since you're using the word \"sub \"to describe your money, you might not be aware of the stress you put on your bank accounts."
"The Met Office gives value for money conditions: the order book is being read for inflation for three months before first, before closing and after the year."
"\"It's all about the price and the it being used at the end of the day,\" \"he says."
"There is a problem with politicians: they go back to their universities and get away with it."
"Trump and his running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, visited the US on Wednesday to campaign for him in Wisconsin, a swing state, two states Clinton needs to win."
"A recent survey by the researchers concluded in June that 57 per cent of Americans would support the measure at the November election."
"\"We don't even really know what his future has in relation to these new types of travel,\" he said."
"They told him this and another man had been seen in their car, before the road was closed for one night."
"\"We were selling some of those games, and you thought, \"It's almost the end of the year and I need to take an active seat,\" \"she said."
"Some 53 percent said they would be more surprised if they'd be able to recall the changes for at least three months after voting to leave the European Union."
"'I'm sure they wouldn't have known what they did even a month ago,' he says."
"\"There is a lot of good working in this country and then there is a bad one,\" he said."
"We have to play better, we have to play with quality, but every year we've got to be better."
"A Turkish woman said she had lost an eye, but doctors said it could be back to normal within days."
"\"It's really interesting and I didn't know much about it then but there was a particularly keen interest in it and a lot of kids were trying it out with me,\" he said."
"Other UK medical experts said it was important for women to be able to return to their world role even when other options were not available."
"The boy claimed his parents took him off the programme and turned him back into what he was thought to be illegal drugs."
"The second half was a few hours later when things started to work themselves out on a more emotional level."
"A white version of it, with a red finish, is available on the album's wall for $ 1, 000."
"But it remains unclear how much, given the smaller sample size, which is rare for this kind of risk profile."
"He is a big- a guy who takes all the risks and believes he is great enough to play and prove to everyone that he can do it."
"More to come on Monday as the Raiders enter the fourth round of the NRL playoffs, but the 36- year- old says he expects to continue growing his game and even play at a consistent rate."
"It is the difference between an extended stay and a temporary one- it is between no return and a temporary one- which is what you do if you want to return home."
"The cause is currently under investigation by the Police Department, and officials believe an alleged hit- and- run was an attack, too."
"She played a role in her parents new BBC Radio 2 show \"Why And How,\" which left her later making a living off the dance floor."
"It added that more than 100 people have been arrested in the West, including six family members of a man arrested in the village."
"Yet in nearly all cases, long- term national insurance plans sold in the U. S. are limited to limited investments and investments in the person's child."
"Those plans have also reportedly been delayed in the wake of Prime Minister Theresa May's hard Brexit promises, as MPs warned the Commons a re- election victory was unlikely."
"But he did not leave the scene- the older residents grabbed him by the shirt and put him in the police car."
"Yet he now admits that most of the promises he made to the workers on a waiting list in a helicopter place very little hope of success."
"The update also revealed that female drivers on the road have a higher rate of injuries, and a similar role for white drivers."
"Meanwhile, Japan has been held back in deciding whether to pay a significant share of its coal prices to the EU."
"A Harvard study revealed only 29% of current foreign students thought they had a good chance of earning a college degree, or graduate."
"It is also not clear which independent, state- run I. T. can support it."
"And there was that moment when she began to become a woman again, this time without shame."
"As we deal with housing that is not in the public housing sector, we must make it affordable and we must invest in it."
"It's true that there is nothing wrong with love and family, but this doesn't make you who you are."
"And you want to be clear, we don't think we want to put the foundation off the spot."
"\"The difference between our two games now is that the half had a chance, but we didn't get it,\" said Jones."
"Her mother said: \"She was told she had to leave early or else her family would have no time to pick her up or take her shopping."
"A fourth attempt to get six more cameras in need of reform failed, despite federal support from Apple."
"Instead of talking to us, they are stuck with us by saying things they can never understand because of how hard it is for them to tell."
"The vast majority of them don't even know the South China Sea has been declared a free zone by the United States."
"Police estimate that many of the homeless have been illegally dropped off by local councils and out of their free time, leaving them to rely on third- party help for accommodation."
"In November 2013, he was taken off his policy work at the Department of Health by Conservative ministers."
"No day, no weekend, no point- off, you'll have one. For the first couple of years you want to build it as a forward- taking army."
"Their teammates showed their support, too, when the Giants needed the extra innings for a big- game win."
"They had three weeks off but had two days off so I'm not the least bit surprised."
"She added: \"People know she's on drugs now and how to get off drugs so she can have a normal life."
"It's good for a few reasons but you can't blame the player for what he is doing- that's their life."
"When I was with, you knew you've got something special in a relationship, and you know it's going to break after a while."
"I didn't expect the approach I wanted to take from him to get us down this far down in the cup table."
"When it comes to Christmas, real life, and far from regular school trips to the shops you expect, I take over a class every year."
"After the approval from The State that the case was sent to a federal court, the state finally won it on Thursday."
"\"I don't know that anyone is actually going to do anything about it,\" she said in an interview with BBC Radio 5 live."
"Kerry said Iran was willing to work with its allies and had asked for a \"tough dialogue \"as part of talks."
"But it hasn't worked out that way so I would say it's still OK to say, \"No, I don't have a health issue."
"They may play with the ball, they may cover for someone on the left, they may hit the ball hard to gain possession, and they won't worry about the ball."
"I'd like to see some major developments on international cricket but I can't really do that in my own country."
"The U. N. said more than 20, 000 people have been killed in Libya in the previous year, and humanitarian aid agencies have been unable to bring supplies into the country."
"It is true that they aren't trying to stop the protest but they don't stop police violence because they don't know why they are doing it."
"The song that struck me the most was \"To my love,\" which was so generous in its praise of a man so rich."
"From a taste perspective, there's really no point in all of this spending if I'm paying $ 35 for dinner."
"An English football club said it would cut ties with its own manager after his absence from work during the Scottish Cup semi- finals."
"\"For me, going to see the area in two years would be my biggest challenge to a long period of playing cricket,\" he said."
"\"I did it during the run up to the Scottish election,\" Sturgeon said, which gave her confidence that voters would choose the best path for Scotland towards independence."
"It's when I look at my friends: we don't want them to do something they haven't done before."
"I don't know that he has any effect, but if he wanted to come back in today he would have gone away."
"The elderly people, people at work in particular, have no freedom of movement if they don't go out with their parents."
"\"In the long run, policy makes you less competitive and it's going to cost more in the short- run,\" he said."
"Only his third \"presidential election,\" which will be held on October 25, will draw attention to Donald J. Trump."
"After sending emails containing personal details, Twitter eventually told them that its evidence of the ban was merely \"not reliable \"and so could not be used against him."
"We'll have to wait and see what happens in the second half and then do everything the boys can."
"The Supreme Court struck down the law last month, and so will hear arguments on the question in May."
"While some may find this short- term feeling particularly offensive, economists will try to engage people with the economic lessons of Brexit and how our future relationship with the EU can improve, with Mr Cameron saying it would open up the world to other people"
"For example, private equity houses have entered the market in a large number of South Korean cities after waiting for 20 years to sell."
"\"It was a big performance- I didn't expect the amount of support we got out of them,\" Murray said."
"He probably won't be able to throw a huge game for us but if he's able to figure it out, we'll be playing on the road."
"\"When we started to work, it looked like there was nobody here,\" said one female engineer who was heading the region."
"The Washington Post reported earlier this year that his lawyers had asked for $ 9 million to be settled out of an $ 11. 7 million penalty."
"It's important for us to be playing better because we know we have so much to prove when we are going up against them and it's what we did against England."
"The Sunday Telegraph found that most banks don't charge fees for fees taken during the contract with employees and that directors are offered no one to ask about fees before they buy their shares."
"There's still a lot of work to do to make sure it makes a difference in the lives of kids."
"It also comes as the temperature at the south tip of Scotland, which is believed to have been at its lowest since records began in the 1970s, continue to get higher."
"From a business point- of- view, does anyone have any idea what happens in the space- of- operations when things don't go right?"
"\"We have faith that every single American will be looking at this,\" Obama said during an address at the Atlantic Club in Washington on Wednesday."
"This collection is still available on sites around the world to celebrate the 20th anniversary of its release, but you can no longer wait to buy one."
"\"I'd like to believe that when she was young she'd feel that she didn't have to share what she wanted,\" she said."
"Most people have no idea who the person is, and if they don't know, there's nothing they can do about it."
"According to the polls, Hillary Clinton is ahead by eight points, 43. 4 percent to 43. 4 percent in a three- point swing."
"But on the other hand, it is more critical for children to have a stake in their childhood and who they are."
"During that period, \"we've really built a relationship with them in terms of their [ food ] preparation, and where they were heading,\" he said."
"Those who don't can apply to work longer hours, which increases the opportunities for growth in jobs over and above."
"We can't afford to delay hiring until the next Labour general election, and I will fight for change to get there."
"As a general rule, Americans get sick and tired and it's important to get as many of them as possible to avoid what will happen to them."
"\"You come into work and you sit down, you're not even thinking, \"You could have gone in here, you want to win, or you want to go in."
"If you are willing to put your whole heart and soul into what you are doing then you will reach a stage where your soul is open again."
"I want to win but it's not going to be as straight as my last game- the way it was last time is definitely going to be different."
"Khan has warned that policy changes will be needed to improve security if a China visit is to be held."
"They don't like to lose, but they love every chance, and I think that is the way the game is played."
"Then, after a year of not using it, she got a check for $ 600 and applied for it again, then asked if she could take it."
"There are so many ways to help people- it's not about just doing a bit of charity work."
"We understand that trying to move from one door to the next as quickly as possible is not always the best way to go."
"So if we went back and changed our last name, I wouldn't be able to get my voice in front of a judge."
"The first thing to do is to find out what will come of the potential tragedy on New Year's Eve."
"Trump will highlight the issue, noting that we are all part of NATO and that our partners are all part of it."
"And in the end, when I went back to telling it to Trump I had a message to all of these women, telling them I would never get involved in the business."
"The health department has not released further details, saying only that it will be conducting an annual review of the data to determine if new, improved treatment is needed."
"But in this instance, his impact to the \"league \"by the \"health \"workers was important because he said he would change the game."
"I'd rather save up for a wedding than someone who probably looks in my face."
"It's important for anybody to have a bit of respect, not just for yourself, but you have to have respect for the people in your town."
"It was like a second pass- no control, no one knew what was going on until everyone saw it and knew, you know, there was more to it than we had thought."
"In the two games on Australia Day, home and away, the Americans fell behind by 13 points, 35- 13."
"It wasn't until after my football career finished that I really knew that I had to pay close attention to what was going on at work."
"We're not happy with Leicester (the title only win or loss) because it has been a draw so long."
"\"That's a special bond between us as a team that we really don't want to lose,\" he told reporters after a meeting in Phoenix on Saturday."
"It wasn't a new phenomenon, but it did not end with Steve Jackson selling his Army books at auction."
"The officials would not comment on the accusations against Mr. Putin, other than to state they believed the news conference was for public relations."
"\"The Chancellor wants us all to look forward to such a relationship because we don't have to look back,\" he said."
"We heard from children in the community that they are not allowed to play in the park at the beach."
"There's not a lot of responsibility in being your number one- good ones are nobody's business."
"\"The launch is entirely consistent with our company's model and we expect it to have a great return on investment,\" the company said."
"He said that he felt for the Eagles so much, \"It's going to take me maybe a few more years to go through what he's gone through, that you can't trust people until they're out of their minds."
"We were all surprised and angry and I didn't think we'd be allowed to do what we've done for 30 years."
"The research team at Oxford University said they found children in high poverty tend to be at high risk for using cannabis."
"From the presidential debates, Trump has consistently been seen as the more radical candidate who can rally his base for the second round."
"The Chinese Communist Party is already divided, even within the ruling Communist Party- it hasn't known about it for two decades."
"There are two- to four days of the season, of course, where teams expect they have to win twice to finish out the season."
"It's a theme that we want to try to focus on, and I have a lot of young players from the County team."
"Now, it will make its way into mainland Chinese markets as the currency risks its way through the Western Wall."
"She had sat down with him at a bar, they had been drinking for four hours and he'd met her."
"'There's also the difficult question of whether we should look, when people at home, find a wedding dress to wear that they love."
"It's a crucial win for me and the club and this is the one I want to see playing again."
"He has won more games than any other player since joining in 2009, and has won the regular- season champion Miami (5- 2) twice in his short career."
"As many as 100 people were caught with eggs in a boat off Perth on Monday afternoon."
"The Americans, with their return to the world stage, didn't need much drama in the fight for the world title."
"Since I have been on it in London, I have been trying to ensure that people can't abuse this play."
"U. S. crude rose $ 1. 78, or 1. 15%, to $ 43. 25 a barrel in New York."
"If he's elected, Hillary Clinton will make the most of his, with Clinton earning about 18 per cent of her overall support."
"From the father- of- two's perspective, \"I didn't see the drama, I just thought the facts had to add up."
"Two dozen requests were received in the first eight weeks of 2016, with the number of people who have been diagnosed with these diseases significantly lower."
"And it is important to remember that the market gives the right- way that it wants to enter."
"The Home Office warned residents \"Brexit will cause a real problem for all our help staff, as it has for all migrants in the country."
"Once people are disabled, their savings flow into the banks and they cannot spend it in the shops."
"Only when he needs it most, and the amount of the use is small enough to be bought at a store to be sure of success."
"\"I've always had an army of good friends on social media to take care of me if I wanted to,\" he explained."
"That was our method of hiring and I think with a couple of players you could find a faster position in the league."
"And a one in four transgender children of under 10 years in junior doctors'care will benefit from pre- surgery treatment."
"There are two ways that we can look at the 2013- 14 year: the slow year or the very long year, which looks like it could get even longer."
"We spoke with Mr. Johnson, the director of education, and we made clear that this was a ticket to a better future for our students, not just for one of our private schools."
"He is still 16 years old but at the age of eight he got out of the car with two friends to travel with her to university and to build a house in Melbourne."
"'I've got a concern about the child here because their eyes can see the plastic and hopefully we can help to bring them into a small home."
"So, what does he tell us about how to survive as a human being after three years in prison?"
"It wasn't that he would also be sitting next to a wall, as many have suggested- it was just that it didn't seem to be designed that way."
"We can't afford to pick players who are very familiar and useful but it's a challenge that we need."
"One way for companies to shift the focus away from its shareholders is through its board and managers, while others have agreed on the firm's price range."
"Asked how he feels about it being high time: \"It's actually nice and quiet and, if there are people to speak to, I try to make it do as much as possible."
"But it's only our heart that gets stronger- and we're going to work hard for that."
"Hillary Clinton's running mate Tim Kaine has pledged that he will do everything he can to combat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), raising the possibility that the Republican National Convention in Cleveland could be a potential venue for doing just that."
"\"To succeed and be perceived as part of the global community, international affairs are at the heart of the mission,\" he said."
"This time, Donald Trump argued that Hillary Clinton's public email system was the \"worst disaster \"he'd ever experienced in his running mate's defense."
"When he was a kid I'd tell my mum to stop all children going to university, because I couldn't hear their mum."
"Over the last six years we've seen the increase in population which is from around 30 million people a year to around 50 million."
"The Prime Minister is expected to go ahead with a bid for the seat in the European Parliament in May, after Labour revealed its own stand on Boris Johnson was leaked."
"Even when the local authorities decided that they could afford to pay for emergency housing, they chose not to grant approval."
"\"This is not the last I will give her because she is the most important female politician I have seen in the past eight years,\" she said."
"I don't know the whole picture, but I know it was a heavy blow for a first lady and her family."
"\"We need to know the truth so we can make sure we don't throw up to it,\" Mr. Obama said."
"This line of communication at the level of base that would be considered a campus problem will help our long- term leadership respond and address these problems."
"We are not some small group of people, who I'm sure everyone knows. I mean, nobody."
"If the order becomes a legal one it will be no later than 3 February 2016, so the benefit of the claim for the third treatment is not limited to just their interest in getting the treatment."
"Since a former government spokesman warned that tens of millions of voters and politicians would turn to the party if the ruling party is elected, a suggestion that we are in for a shock."
"I told her what I saw in her house and told her to get out before she left so she could get lost and I would know where to find her."
"If you are not sure, the person waiting for you at the door may be waiting for a home address."
"This is the fifth quarter with fewer than 200, 000 employees and is likely to be a low point for the company."
"We won't know if the company can get another one until after the global market investigation."
"We could have a good play but they would have an extra 15 guys waiting, so that's their game plan."
"Although he has not been directly involved in the murder of British student Sam Allen, witnesses say the officer was not really present during the alleged incident."
"He said that he only gave up a \"trust from my friends \"and family and stuck to his job."
"I had an injury to my knee a year before and it was just a feeling of that relief which in my case is not that good."
"It's this new state of the world-- and me-- that we're trying to live in for the first time in decades."
"That guy was one of the first to know I was gay, and, just like before he called me,\" she said."
"We're getting closer, and that seems the best way to preserve the species, and there are too few people not happy about that."
"But some critics and many Republicans maintain that Texas- particularly Houston- is a path to nothing at all."
"\"If there is going to be a political result there will be a reform committee, and a new constitution and peace commission will be created,\" he told the Guardian."
"If it becomes safe, if people trust me more, then I'm going to do everything to help the hotel go forward."
"Both of those countries are so strong they can do whatever they want and nobody is asking them to stop."
"If we make a promise with which the UK is going to play a part it should take the appropriate international commitment and this helps us to keep the settlement."
"But my brother- in- law had been informed by the government that the family would be moving out, so I did what any dad would do."
"They have been fined in excess of \u00a3 80, 000 by police forces across the country- to the extent that in the last five years the laws on drug dealing have become the most powerful means of protection."
"\"If your vote doesn't make a difference, there's nothing to be done,\" said Ms. Clinton."
"But instead of sitting down in front of their TV they sat back in the front of their car and kept going until they got to the central area."
"She made this push just a little while ago, to get my wife to drive me to school so we could get him to her class."
"In what is thought to be the first sexual assault in Israel, 26- year- old young men were arrested following a bomb attack in the summer of 2014."
"She told me she has a daughter that's about to graduate college, so we're going to meet."
"The director, who will be making the cut, said: \"We expect this play to win us all the money which we can ask for from the club."
"We needed to make sure we were doing a great job and those goals were not met."
"Before you do anything- check the history of the facility and determine if you would like the money back."
"After a good two to three months, there is something that seems like a temporary break after three years."
"\"It is good I am saying that because it is one of the best art works I have ever seen,\" she told the paper."
"I won't sit by and wait for the game to end but to come back and take the job is huge and I've got to keep watching."
"Some 90% of 1, 200 people who died in the games last year were men, researchers say, bringing the toll to nearly 70 million."
"She will not be able to travel, while her husband Greg will not be able to take part in the competition."
"One man, aged in his 20s, suffered minor injuries when the vehicle was travelling at a good speed, police said."
"We'd like to offer the following premium awards for you, today but we've had to be very careful not to share your information with people."
"\"As a business, we have to understand we are involved in the decisions of our shareholders and consumers,\" he said."
"\"It looks like we're going to do some great things in this election,\" he said."
"The team is a fan favorite so it makes sense for me to get a piece to write about it in as little as five days."
"There are people in Canberra who would find it hard to believe that somebody coming in on the weekend and giving us credit could win an Olympic gold."
"My parents were a lot of people and I couldn't make a few friends and he couldn't even make any friends and when we came out we made fun of him."
"The former candidate's \"I think about some of what I wrote... [ as ] a Trump opponent and a Cruz candidate, the first response is you know I don't think that."
"However we have to show our focus on the pitch and the ball a little bit better than our counterparts in Europe and be competitive on the pitch."
"The challenge, like the great predecessor- was how to cope with the big changes we face."
"As to why she was able to come on the pitch and what she's looking to do with the team."
"One of the rights- an independent group of roughly 10 million voters that regularly meets for the same number of days a year."
"The Commission for Trade and Industry said in a statement: \"The fact we can't have it both ways and in all forms means we have to pay attention."
"It's enough to deserve the same importance that other parts of America, even those well down the nation's road network."
"The referendum was never a referendum on either the UK's or France's support for the EU ; it was a referendum on the fundamental question of how we work together."
"\"We aren't always saying that everything is bad, but at the end of the day, we are saying things need to be done,\" she says."
"For one thing, the wealthy were far less likely to take a positive view on this proposal and less likely to support it if it came within one per cent of inflation."
"He will perform his first full innings in 11 years this week to push his home crowd to five runs and another in a 5- 5 victory."
"I do know the Australian women's golf team, and it was quite good for me to get that chance."
"The move to pay higher fees to employers was described as \"an unusual step,\" adding that those involved should be warned."
"On the other side of the clock, Obama holds up his hand to take a picture with the president."
"The others watched as the sun rose, sending the shadow of black it had seen up into the sky."
"It is also in desperate need of a boost, since French GDP has fallen from 2. 2 percent in the first half of 2015 to 1. 2 percent this year."
"'You never know how many times you might get in a tight place, but when we first got it down I thought I could hit him,' Mr. Walker said."
"When that happens, there's no way we're going to be back here, so this just adds a time element."
"\"They've made it so you know you've got this stuff, you're on your own,\" he says."
"It may be around now, or right here at my office, but for now I will wear it all day."
"\"There's been some bad moments over the last few weeks,\" said a Twitter user in the US, according to Reuters."
"It is in every British identity and it seems obvious from my own experiences to be one of the least politically engaged groups I have ever seen."
"I have spent the last month talking to candidates and spending more time on the stage than I spend in my jobs."
"Trump's aides appear to be familiar with the proposals that got him off to an unexpected fast start."
"Those points should be taken at face value- or they might just be driving home the sentiment on the other side."
"Then I ran up the walls to check what I was doing, and the first thing that came up was these kids trying to move the phone."
"Some readers want the voting systems to be left off to allow them to control the outcome of the referendum, while others say that's a vote for party."
"My proposal is that if you don't live in England then, as soon as possible, get a phone service so you can talk to friends, relatives, colleagues and fellow passengers in the market place."
"The thing that people like are selling so fast and so slowly is the water they come out with."
"The search route was blocked and officers were unable to return to the station after a dispute over the value of property went public."
"They've made it very easy for Republicans to take the blame when Clinton's performance doesn't turn out to be where they want to be."
"One group that recently got that assistance was high- quality images that journalists can get themselves at a range of digital shops."
"This is highly unlikely and one of the factors in why there are so few doctors making this payment in recent years."
"I don't believe he actually thinks that he can do anything with this and everything will be all right."
"Although more studies are required, it would be far less effective to try to convince people to be more active, one study suggests."
"Another teen, who can be seen running from the scene of the shooting, fled on foot."
"He's out of pocket, he hasn't looked his best but at the end he has a lot of potential, and there's so much to come."
"I will be talking to the CEO, I will be meeting with him, I will be involved on a domestic and international level,\" he said."
"At one point, he learned that the missiles were not bombs, but rather \"drugs,\" according to NBC."
"This is where a new national \"response team \"might help set the university up to respond to global threats."
"After a full two days of consultation with our members and industry they feel it's a matter they can rest well on."
"The latest survey found that 10% of people, half children, lack basic housing, education and safe drinking water."
"At the moment, we don't have many different types of information so that makes it quite difficult to spread the information."
"The two men will carry out \"close interviews with local authorities \"by telephone, he said."
"But the video showed the 11 men being forced to lie on the ground with their hands under their backs, as well as by a pair of police officers on a horse."
"However, Mr Cameron is in the run up to September's referendum, so all that time his relations with the EU were the focus."
"But he was told he was likely to survive a possible hearing in Westminster Court, where he would be convicted on charges of preparing an organised terrorist act."
"The opposition has accused the government of increasing restrictions on immigration over the past four years and that can lead to a refugee crisis, which, according to recent EU statistics, is up to 80 per cent higher than in 2014."
"At one point he made a couple of cuts and took a picture of his shirt that was stolen from him in his car."
"I still have some things, we still have holes, to be honest- but if you sit back with a bit of confidence, when you sit back with something else, you've probably got a little bit better chance of being successful at it"
"The reason I give for that is that I want this to be a fair and steady race, and to have good gun control, and that's going to be vital for the very best win."
"Of course, we have had to delay the launch of the original iPhone just to see if it would survive for as long as Apple's battery did."
"The goal is to recover in the Six Nations into a more professional cricket team, be in the All- Star game on television, and play on the biggest stage in the world."
"When we left Pakistan in 2006, I found out we had a 21- hour drive in no particular order."
"\"If someone is writing a book which is about religious groups, it is not OK to go out and share that."
"He promised a \"triple modern \"rape revolution when he introduced new features to the film before the campaign began."
"\"You feel like you could have won 10 games if you hadn't committed to [ playing ] against the schedule,\" says Jones."
"They are planning to go to the Olympics in Rio- or at least close to it- next month to field the perfect team."
"I don't think we'll take it seriously as the grand coalition we were so far behind... this has gotten all the attention and people are turning it against us."
"The hackers turned up at \"Sunday School \"three weeks ago and took a computer from their student, \"one Tim \"and apparently sold it to a \"Mohammed \"and his sister."
"'It is great that the staff have voted for her, but some things have changed and she has to decide what happens with her."
"\"Once we get on the screen it's like watching a video again, no matter what."
"He now leads Clinton in West Virginia by nearly a point, according to a new poll, by the Associated Press."
"The government says it's paid for its development by a local association, a business family and it's concerned it'll run out of cash by 2018."
"This was probably part of the reason why they didn't stay close enough to the experience- how could they leave their passengers to fall for such a road- too much speed?"
"At the time he started his career in 1991 he was only 19, so when he started playing he looked younger and had new arms."
"\"It's important that the man and woman have complete privacy and leave the property on the information of other visitors,\" he told police."
"Every now and then, I don't hear a single issue that comes up on stage that changes things for me, other than what I have said."
"\"We've got a real open question that... to me, you would have liked to stay here longer,\" he said in a video statement."
"\"There is no better person to save one of the most promising young people in our country than Michael Murphy,\" he said."
"But there was no talking to staff or anyone for years and my concerns were directed by the park authority,\" she said."
"\"I spoke with two boys [ who were then 12 ] who said they had taken out a \u00a3 50 bill with all the lost money,\" Mr Hughes said."
"Clinton said in October that she would increase the United States contribution to NATO, which is the organization that will provide security for its members and partners."
"The mayor says the school needs to strengthen the education system, better prepare staff and provide regular classes to high schools."
"If the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, wants to make the case for the UK to stay in the single market, then, as I know from talking with the chancellor, he will have to work very closely with the prime minister and some of"
"Still, Mrs. Clinton received just 10 percent of the delegates cast in each of the first 100 states- well below her team's delegate lead."
"The \"illegal moves \"of men like me are seen as proof that we don't agree with each other and the men we just met."
"I think a big part of all of that came from players that were out of contract and couldn't play their games and couldn't qualify."
"The pair began dating last year at the age of 17, but the couple told police that they never had an affair."
"Instead, as the photographer was writing her announcement, she called out Trump for referring to \"this band of white people \"as he and his supporters kept walking down the street."
"In a broader sense, anyone who had an appointment with somebody else can make good money."
"I had to be up in the air very early in the day to convince my son to take up the story."
"I can never escape any decision that I made at the beginning of the year or the first game, that I will never be able to have my voice heard."
"\"It's not about coming off and getting that second penalty,\" he said, which could mean five for penalties, or one for an easy serve."
"\"When we watched him [ Obama ] in the debate the day before and he won the debate, I saw an enormous amount of respect for him,\" said Anderson."
"Many take positions in executive roles with limited experience- a success rate is equivalent to one day's work in two marketing roles."
"The event attracted almost 5, 000 people in central London, and 6, 000 in the north of England."
"President- elect Donald J. Trump is also planning to make certain that one of the world's most successful companies will only ever be able to raise its foreign currency."
"According to The Guardian, the initiative was on- hold until about June, but at least tens of thousands of passengers arrived over the weekend."
"Of all of our products, it's probably better to wait to try them first and then spend the money to try it yourself."
"Mr. Green added: \"This is not the time for a knee- deep discussion about what happened, about what future generations want or not want."
"He is driving to work to play golf, sometimes at the airport, sometimes in the supermarket, and, even though he keeps to himself, he doesn't want to be with his friends."
"There are also questions about whether patients would really need such services for cancer treatment if they were infected by the virus."
"But to win it, he needed to find an opponent, which he didn't get in St. Louis."
"\"People had left the shopping center and the shopping center itself had been shut down,\" said one of the guests."
"The group won't say who took over after Trump and that was why Clinton \"wouldn't rule out any collaboration \"with him."
"The nuclear alert is heading towards another level and Iran appears to be preparing to defend itself against the military strike, the Associated Press reports."
"On Sunday night, it was confirmed that the girl's step- mother was no longer with the two girls and they had been staying with him and her sisters, she added."
"I always tell myself it's not all bad and the consequences of taking drugs in the first place is huge but I've done all of the research and it was just enough to go."
"It's about the same thing to know you've won a game of golf-- to be able to come out at one and say you're ready and perform."
"Mr Johnson's speech, however, should be viewed in light of the fact that the two sitting MPs have also made clear their opposition to a UK- EU free trade deal."
"The deal, signed at a Munich event later in the week, allows Tesla to offer customers a car that costs between 15 and 50 euros."
"\"And then I think, just in one season, it was up to a different captain to handle and he just chose to do the opposite,\" said Bradley."
"They asked me about the song and whether it would be a \"two hours of back and forth \"during a night's work."
"I've been in the U. S. Congress a lot and don't always find time to travel."
"When I come back, I've got a good group of players so we can still do our job."
"And you find out why as you're brought along... it's a great love affair!"
"He said:'It is not a perfect object and quite apart of this year's I will have to have a change of clothes."
"In 2014, the Iowa Republican called for a path to create a \"post- crisis Europe \"to win back voters, and in a U. S. Senate debate, he said the United States could \"moderate \"President Obama's positions,"
"In one of the most significant conflicts of interest cases involving people who move abroad from Canada for the first time, a federal judge in New York has urged his fellow panel members not to set aside any time to consider whether they can protect their interests"
"U. S. stocks improved following a rough week for consumer spending as the Bank of Japan cut interest rates to near zero overnight."
"According to a new report, the share of women working full- time has been down 21 per cent since 2006 and has increased every year since 2009."
"It turns out there's a much greater risk of one without the other than you never know which way they're going to fall."
"They are better for us in each other's presence as we have less of the \"to hear you say you don't want to be an assistant with me \"is it?"
"There was even a shot at Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, who only endorsed Trump and has endorsed them all."
"What I will have to do is show him that the system is an open book, and that you have to be fairly accepting of the consequences if you don't win."
"Three police officers were injured in a failed attempt to fight off the pack at the train station earlier this month."
"Once you have picked a car to drive, you make it easier for drivers to take advantage of one at the moment."
"The industry is the majority game and I hope that when a competitive consumer, the business has what it takes to have it."
"The Trump campaign, meanwhile, said Thursday it was looking into the possibility of posting ads at Super Tuesday in North Carolina."
"I need my brothers, sisters and other friends to stand up and fight for me and my children, and I will fight for them when I die."
"This year's 12- month run could bring as little as $ 1 billion worth of capital back to Sydney."
"Since moving in over 16 years ago, which was during the recession, the office has become an \"investment vehicle \"for the economy."
"At first, they were just the other week's delegates and now they have the opportunity to give birth to a grown- up."
"What's amazing about him is I think what he does in his game is very different than what we're seeing from him."
"I'm here today, we know everything that is going on and the moment we are on the pitch, everybody is trying to push us."
"That's one small thing, but if we can do that again, then again we have a chance for success."
"His wife, in particular, has been involved, although their relationship is not considered particularly strong."
"She said: \"We're at an age where we don't quite know the answer."
"The nation of over 1 million people is supposed to represent about the middle of the continent, the last to recover and then collapse, replaced."
"I guess the most important thing is to get on a stage, and I think that's been done extremely well."
"\"This is really the best thing I've seen from the Victorian people- almost everybody's ready to start fighting, and just keep fighting,\" she says."
"She went to a student union as a student and joined a club to become a social worker, but soon found herself in a relationship with an older man."
"The spending supports for not only continued social security but also- in the current system- higher tax revenue to buy other housing projects."
"So, when she gets it her turn, we don't want her to look like we don't know what she's doing."
"The Giants have won four consecutive games, going 10- 6 with a 1. 2- win pace since the 2010 season."
"The best recorded lines from the incident, recorded before the assault was reported, were 15 to 20 minutes long."
"To achieve this, scientists have been attempting to reduce the forces of impact with large parts of the face of a being."
"You can also play up to and through those women and try to win every time and it gives you a chance."
"I was asked to sign up, in a few hours, for a contract which, I think, is going to change everything."
"In cases of children diagnosed with a rare disease such as a cancer, we know it's rare but we don't know whether it's real or not."
"\"He feels the EU is in danger and we need to stay strong, because that makes no sense to me,\" he said."
"According to a spokeswoman for U. S. Treasury, the sale takes place through March, with the added possibility of credit to Japan."
"All the candidates made it clear this was just their idea- especially considering that Trump's pledge to focus on infrastructure was nearly a full page ad."
"\"The funny thing is, I've already won what I will call a good- is- that contest, because I went as far as my base wanted me to go,\" he says."
"There's a good chance you could end up sleeping in more than one room if your current rooms are flat and you'll be spending time outside."
"I hope to be done this week, which I am not really feeling, for the family first week- because it will be quite a long week, I don't know."
"For a couple weeks, we took care of the big big issues such as health, education, home and fashion."
"A person's lifetime earnings, if you take a look at their lifetime earnings, of actual workers, workers are affected by lower net worth."
"I understand we will try to make sure that what we do within the electoral commission is not quite what the electorate is expecting."
"\"The university's proposal is a compromise, but they have to remain very careful about what they say to the media,\" she said."
"\"We have so many players in the league, but the reality is, you have to pick who you want and I want to pick who I want,\" Smith said."
"The pictures also show people in hospital with hand injuries, while many scenes that were initially not mentioned have now emerged."
"Despite the report's anti- Catholic rhetoric, Pope Francis has stopped short of calling for a crackdown on immigration."
"We're only going to get there on paper by the end of the month, and this weekend you've got a lot of extra work."
"I think these elements have not had an impact on political thought or popular political behaviour and now is the time of the right time for them to be expressed."
"Maybe people have a little more information about who they are, and I can tell you who's not in the mainstream, or the mainstream is very easy, because we're in the big metropolis."
"The BBC reported it was \"a gap year for the couple's marriage,\" with Taylor often saying her relationship had fallen apart."
"\"I don't care about the race, I don't care about my job,\" he told ABC's \"This Week \"on Wednesday."
"We have got the role of commander in chief and a responsibility to help these guys and what they face."
"The girl's mother said:'When the police found the driver was looking at us with a fear of something we wouldn't give him up."
"Mrs. Clinton won the vote share of 64 percent of registered voters, according to CNN, a small lead that is not good enough to be a critical swing state for Mrs. Sanders."
"The president- elect has said that the United States is prepared to pick a woman in its military and that he will consider making her his secretary of state."
"It is only likely to be used within the once- in- a- lifetime model, to allow an early diagnosis."
"'We're letting them have more success with white guys than we can,' the 50- year- old told The Sun."
"\"A clear goal for us is to bring in the young players who are in the city and experience any league that there is,\" he said."
"\"He is a few weeks away from her bed, so it is not a problem to hold her,\" he said."
"Speaking at a news conference later, in the southern city of Aleppo, state media said the strikes on several Aleppo buildings were targeting cars."
"I've had so many people comment that they think we're a joke and that we're going to get an Oscar for it."
"No companies have been issued with such a fine, although the range of damage claims shows that most involve vehicles of low quality."
"'There were a lot of people around, but people were very few in number, which at the time was a bit surprising, actually, given my own speed."
"And that the economy will be right next to collapse unless Congress takes action to restore them."
"And that in itself has helped what could be just the start of a long- term trend toward a liberal political system in Russia."
"He was held for nearly a half hour, they say, until authorities finally got him out."
"No one in the German media discussed the case to the press, including her."
"But a study published in the September issue of Health International presents evidence on a number of other conditions that the English language has been having a big impact on its development."
"This article is part of our effort to encourage more women to play their sport, as they will be needed to continue their development, and of course they will benefit from this high quality activity."
"I don't have so much financial control about it because I don't have to buy anything or anything."
"They didn't pick up any of them, which is more important to them than anything but this (Christmas) comes after a holiday."
"\"They wanted to tell you that a father whose family could find him... can be safe,\" he says."
"Hillary has played a major role in our cultural culture but we have to recognize that Donald Trump has absolutely zero moral authority."
"The men say they would be able to have sex without people having to enter their area of residence."
"While campaigners also point to a landmark meeting between the two groups last week, both said they still \"have to sort the political issues through \"with consensus taking place."
"More than half of Scottish voters- up to 49 per cent- said they would be \"very or somewhat \"shocked if the then 32- year- old became British."
"At the time he said he expected the problem would be addressed by the police themselves, but hoped the issue could be dealt with by others."
"\"If the rebels weren't able to attack the regime- controlled camps they could have raised the question of when we would reach them and if they will take that decision,\" he said."
"The majority of the migrants working here have earned at least 20 percent of a family's salary, it says."
"I think he's just starting to catch the ball more, but at some point we'll see whether we'll see him do that."
"\"We have a law which says you are not allowed to hand over your information unless you show the police have informed you about it,\" he said."
"If the researchers found that black residents who didn't speak up were more likely to be sexually assaulted than those who did speak up, they could have stopped this outbreak."
"The younger, more self- confident Clinton saw the victory in New York by way of New Hampshire as an example of how a Democrat was able to attract supporters and register as an independent."
"The best line for a manager is about to give you the solution, for any player or for any team, and he is turning the game over to him."
"I was worried to be a little more than creative at the same time but I was on the increase as well so I've got more space here and, hopefully, the food is good."
"The hospital confirmed that one employee, who had been suspended in the office on a regular basis, had fallen into the sea."
"The survey found that 79 percent of voters who say they have ever taken a job or performed service in a military were likely to support Trump."
"It's very difficult to forecast a season when two Championship games have opened up- no matter how good they get, it's going to be hard for us to wait around and see how long it is."
"\"It has been announced that we will invest in the businesses which deliver this value to the consumers and they are proud of us,\" the company said in a statement."
"It's another sign the economy is growing but not above an entire decade, only six months and in many cases less than three months."
"Since the first tragedy was so small, it seems as if it would be impossible for even a simple five- hour run to kill them all."
"He now believes in the government's \"extraordinary commitment to keep foreign aid out of the hands of kids and poor countries \"because it brings them in contact with these areas."
"With an average age of 30, she has not seen or heard from anyone in the European Union for more than a decade."
"It was the first time ever that an Eagles player made history during the 2011 World Cup, and it was a message far- reaching for the 23- year- old."
"It's something we've heard from fans and actors all across the industry, and we just decided that we couldn't."
"We're trying to do the best that we can in this space with this wonderful conference that we have going."
"Some Republicans have suggested to the Times that Cruz is more moderate than Trump, while others point out that Trump has actually done better with women."
"'I had a feeling they'd killed me,' she told the jury, adding that her brother knew she was the girl's killer and hoped the baby would make it."
"'He seems a bit lost by the power lines, that's for sure,' the girl added."
"After a year off we're making more money than we were at the start of the year, so that makes it difficult to survive."
"She admitted she didn't even realize it was a crime until later in life, when she discovered someone else was at the school."
"As far as I'm aware, all of the calls she has, people on 0. 7 or 0. 14, were on 0. 16."
"Just 48 percent of Democrats, 60 percent of Republicans said they were comfortable voting for Clinton, and a majority (64 percent) said they were not."
"Mr. Ford, who has since moved out of the city, said that when they met for drinks at a hotel in July, the man said he didn't expect to know what it was and put his daughter's iPhone on his belt."
"\"I felt it was essential that I took control of the project after losing the championship,\" the driver said."
"We don't believe it is a possibility and don't think it is someone who lives in the city, although I think it would be good to have one."
"It took two years, before they could figure out what it was, after they heard the words all the way back in school."
"It's hard to believe that he is even allowed to talk, let alone when he faces Trump."
"I think he is fine and I know him pretty well, and I have seen him a couple of times over the last couple of years."
"The eight- year- old said: \"It's difficult because we don't have the money to keep the horses running."
"The men are accused of planning a robbery and killing two people and were armed with a knife when they were stopped by officers."
"If he didn't have a really high- grade score on his read, how would you get him in an NFL match?"
"He said he's being attacked, but also put in writing the ads because it's a legal matter."
"I think we can get everyone on the same page and hopefully this will put us in a position where we can do some winning at home in the middle of the season."
"After reading the 20- page statement, \"I am deeply sorry for my own feelings,\" the player said in a Facebook post."
"We don't do a lot of marketing, but we did it with a number of awards we created for the show."
"The proportion who plan to wait longer than 15 minutes for legal aid has increased about a third in the last year, he said."
"Now that I'm 65 and playing in nine games a year I get to know everybody better and we're looking for players we like."
"Their alleged legal fight might just open the door to a holiday season that will be better for the state, including those tourism and food markets."
"For Democrats, it's not far- from- the- storm he put up in Minnesota, Indiana, North Carolina, Ohio and Pennsylvania."
"Some 19 per cent of NHS staff reported they had not been given the necessary evidence to warrant their appointment, while 20 per cent said they did not need evidence."
"As a result of the health and safety difficulties in which these groups must operate, Australia's current project will have to make a strong choice, it said."
"The U. S. is bombing and killing tens of thousands of suspected Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq."
"He has spent all his life in this town- but never in the middle of those first few years that he went missing."
"We'll have to wait and see what happens at the next round of talks and we certainly hope it will be good for those negotiations."
"He remains strongly involved in Turkey and with his family, which has been so close for so long, his death was huge news."
"I mean, I don't think it's fair to pay a CEO who is 30 to take his company for five years."
"'I find if I don't have a cup of coffee or something, or I'm about to do an intense exercise program, or another thing, I don't need it,' she says."
"I am sure they will say, \"We are doing very well and we are doing this in 2016,\" and then we may not."
"There's a lot to learn from watching a white actor and a red actor perform one of these things, but it's part of what makes them go out there and perform, and a lot of guys have lost their sleep over it."
"We don't have any of the best players but we can push on and play our best football, not just our Championship matches, our Championship games."
"It's quite different when you're 15 and go into your own job, you have a team and there are expectations."
"The Chicago index rose as much as 10 percent Wednesday and finished with the biggest gain since late last year."
"Once we have the game there, then the teams will go and try to push each other in games, which happens a lot of times on the road."
"In the long term we have to sort out the problems that need to be addressed and replace some of that with solutions that are right for society, the best that you can hope for."
"More than 30 deaths have been confirmed as a result of which 14- 16 people have been lost."
"I had two private golf events last week, I won the time trial in front of 12, 000 people."
"It's important for everybody to be open with people about why it's important, and what it means to be an Olympic champion."
"Three major cities have the highest rates of abuse of the rape tool: Glasgow, Edinburgh and Edinburgh- all with a higher proportion of women."
"But Corbyn says if it comes to that, it has to be for Labour, not anyone else."
"But for a lot of scientists and doctors, the most important thing is getting the right information at the right time,\" he said."
"He went to his employer, didn't drink, and claimed to enjoy his job at the supermarket until he had to stop."
"But having a former Chancellor of the Social Democratic Party in the White House doesn't change anything in the world."
"But he can have a greater role in the debate about the value of free trade with Europe and what role Britain would have with it."
"At this early stage, the federal health minister did not say how long the outbreak may take, but it would take time for patients to recover and the weather to become clear again."
"It is not difficult to see how one could take the same arguments both sides of the fence, and use the majority to try to make the other side accept the same arguments."
"The industry needs to get online, change the way it helps people talk to each other, and I'm pretty sure that's the best thing going."
"The average delay in a bus journey was 0. 44 minutes- longer than the S. E. C. average of 0. 42 minutes."
"If we can get back to the sort of living conditions we were struggling in this programme with our very limited workforce, we are in a strong position to offer that."
"\"The difficulty of him winning here is that we know so many other people in this building don't want him,\" White said."
"Mr Scott said he was in a regular meeting with the health secretary and that \"there is more discussion than I have had \"- as soon as Tuesday."
"The bill, which was introduced by Utah Republican John Fox last month, has been locked in dispute with Senate Democrats for years."
"We work on things because there are more men in the market, which has made it more difficult to get good women."
"The elderly and disabled are not supposed to die, but so too many who spend an hour at a night work for electricity."
"And I just realized, they're going to know this stuff to try to spot that because of the videos they see on YouTube, or Twitter."
"That's why I always said if I didn't make the main screen, I'd be thinking of the TV screen."
"But as far as I'm concerned, it's all about winning games, and winning games are a way to get in front of somebody."
"That means you can't just pick up a copy and run it around, or walk away, knowing you'll lose the character."
"The Greek tax authorities took action in October 2014 after authorities released 10 billion euros (about \u20ac 11 billion) in offshore assets, including banks and industrial properties."
"He is not the only individual or franchise to offer such an option- you are going to end up with something totally different."
"Even in Scotland it has a much more diverse picture of people and places, the Olympics is a pretty intense place and people can work really hard to make it so."
"We really enjoy playing the game and in those games we can either be very good, very good, then quickly make mistakes when we need to."
"The reality is that they had not been paid for two months and they wanted to have insurance for one month which they can now't do."
"Mrs May wants to hold talks with her European counterparts in June and should formally return to the table with them if the talks fail."
"A lot of this (due to the three countries) involves trying to find ways to make that be easy for consumers, not because they're just shopping for cheaper."
"And on Wednesday, an EU official said trade ministers were expected to meet in Brussels to discuss how trade arrangements should be changed between the EU and the bloc."
"Another study also found that pupils'cognitive development had been affected by performance issues and depression."
"We have conducted a study where a hospital shared a zero carbon car using a pilot project that we carried out with a partner hospital."
"He said the company would continue to monitor the president and CEO and board with management members in an effort to improve their performance."
"Some 30 couples who had supported each other for 13 years on average received \u00a3 5. 18 in income support at the end of the study."
"If you're trying to break a team record, there's no reason to expect that any easy method will do the trick."
"There have been questions about the exact timing of the message and the timing of the staff being replaced because, of course, the size of the job."
"\"You can't beat the one world champion who was in back- to- back great finals,\" the 67- year- old said."
"\"I'll be able to see a car driver in the next few years,\" Mr Clarke said on Thursday."
"He said: \"I've got a long- term support structure, which means that I know that if things go badly I can be patient with myself and things will go even better."
"I don't think there's ever been so many people calling you to see how much money you have, but you've got to have fun when you're in the middle of it."
"Still, the findings don't show that regular use of alcohol is associated with greater risk of heart disease or stroke."
"'We didn't know who he was and I guess everyone did, but he was quite tough to catch,' she said."
"For months, Clinton and Sanders had talked about the need to protect vulnerable minority communities from sexual harassment, as well as the gender pay gap."
"Despite her age, she is a professional, and although she was only 10- 11, she has just been born and will soon become the youngest player in the Scottish Super Cup."
"It comes as South Carolina Democrats held up the primary in a bitter state on the first day of a holiday season in which many people leave the state for work."
"The second is that there is a clear argument for membership not to take place, and neither side will carry on holding talks at a bad time."
"He'd been offered the chance to play a part in Saturday's game but was frustrated when he wasn't even allowed to compete in a pre- season game on the same day."
"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is expected to remain in New Jersey, as are several other leaders in the GOP field."
"It just makes you a little bit worried, it's a tough time, you're winning or not and it's a better atmosphere than other games."
"I like to be at home in class and make sure I'm sitting by myself until it's finished."
"'This time it is a guy who is trying to do his hair'pull, said one man from his team."
"'All of us thought it was about us wanting to see a different face of the Labour Party,' one Tory MP said in an angry letter on Twitter."
"\"The pain that you have to go through is really affecting you and it's affecting your life,\" he said."
"Clinton noted that Sanders'lead among the Democratic primary electorate is so huge she is barely talking about the general election."
"They like to add value to people's lives, so we're always looking for people to be on a Sunday during the week."
"The worry is that the first 50 children born in the UK can expect to pay little or no tax."
"There were no cameras inside, and police did not respond to calls about the incident until earlier this month."
"The other campaign promises are to have a 24- hour free phone network, free parking for celebrities, free \"Radio 50 \"ticket sales, as well as additional voters who will be asked to sign up for a free plan by Friday."
"When we do show up, they send this mail to us and we learn all these stories- there is someone who lives here in that town."
"I think people made a pretty good impression and I thought the strategy came from the perspective that everyone could afford to spend $ 10 million a year on TV instead of two teams, for example."
"I heard about him from his mother, but the events of his first year that day wasn't linked to my family being able to visit the man."
"We want to see him and the rest of them focused on improving what the game does in between games and learning from each other."
"But those fears have not been realized: Scotland is committed to staying in the EU and any attempt to do so must be viewed in the context of membership."
"For generations, many places in the U. S. had a tea bar to meet the people and try the things they had."
"But I think that if you've got something to say you should be able to do it without trying to get the right answer."
"A guy that won at just about every level and we wanted to try to make him the best all along."
"The developers, I think we can actually say that here in Sydney, Sydney is a larger city and at this time we're committed to that."
"He did not start, but he had the game open in the second half and has now started to practice and again we expect to see more play this week."
"We have lots of space here to work with but I think we have got the design and the performance to be able to protect athletes against those types of injuries."
"About 1, 500 people have died from the storm, which has moved further south over parts of Florida and Florida- North Carolina."
"In fact, one in five are affected ; almost half are 15 months or older and around half the rest suffer from mental or physical problems."
"The key difference, says Jonathan, is that the objects are light- sensitive, meaning they can easily and quickly send a signal from the sun."
"And it is, as ever, the kind of bill aimed at ending the civil war it once claimed was lost."
"I could not quite match it last time I looked and in the match which we dominated the first half I was right in the mix."
"A string of presidential and Democratic convention speeches, speeches on the economy, and speeches to veterans'families are also scheduled for Wednesday."
"The warning came after a report in Sunday's New York Times that too many people come up with their own unique theory about America's self- image."
"In almost every case, family members had no idea how or why the children were having the \"safe \"experiences."
"He's got a green card and he's got a background which means he can pick us up in the time and place he wants."
"I'm a businessman but there are now jobs to come, and the reality is that there will be none to make us rich."
"The question of whether EU states would have enough staff to handle demand remains, and migrants will face pressure to meet targets if they don't."
"We will be making a lot of strategic changes, really to represent where we are at in our conference, in terms of where we're going."
"I also believe the force of our community is all for good and our thoughts are with the man who has died."
"It was then revealed at the last Congress that there was no agreement to keep people from going to the doctor and giving them a 20- minute abortion."
"\"I had four kids and one of them was that young girl, her whole life,\" he says."
"The body of a young man which was found on South West Street on Sunday morning has been returned, police said."
"He was given one hour, 30 minutes and 100 yards for six free- kick attempts."
"His father has said he would like to go back to court if he had to move his children."
"At the same time, plenty of women struggle with the worry of a lack of young babies, as well as the shame of not being welcomed into their families."
"There were fears this could be part of a larger process to improve air quality after the best possible third month in August and September of this year."
"She said the site does a good job- at least over time- but she had two children living there and they were going to want her house there."
"The guy who got into the van has now walked out of the parliament and, after some consultation, the other government members are now against it."
"The message from today's official statement comes ahead of a British military operation to stem the flow of weapons from the country."
"My parents, sisters, and I were all afraid to bring it up because there were going to be times when I couldn't talk about it."
"The system allows some young officers to run tests on their own before going on to use a range of different techniques, including the hand guns that come with their weapons."
"But because people have been in his house over the years the build- up has grown and you find yourself coming back into his house after your first visit."
"If it was successful it wouldn't be in the market it would be useful to have four or five we didn't actually trade."
"I wouldn't have played in that situation if I had been injured and I know it was to the head but it doesn't matter because I am a winner- I am really good."
"\"I don't think he's healthy enough to play in his best form,\" Brady told NFL Network's \"Today \"Sunday."
"We'll be in Birmingham next week and all the families are getting ready to go and every single one of the people who work here, I respect everybody."
"\"The first three rounds of Scottish Championship play- off run have been a great success,\" he said."
"So to keep going, you have to be 100 per cent sure you will have enough money."
"But now, one of his signs is being delivered at an event in London in May where he will not stop talking about his leadership and re- signing up for a new year's run of work for women."
"It has never had the amount of respect that it has had in the last few years and I am very proud of that."
"One of the reasons that good stories have a great story, even though it's true, is that you know that those who knew the characters live a life worth living."
"One of the winners was the same, but I'm not sure why she did that."
"\"We understand the future and we are working in concert and together as a team,\" he added in a statement."
"'But we must still remain committed to responding to the care and rescue needs of the most vulnerable and those children,' she added."
"We really couldn't keep them up there tonight and this kid is kind of one of the best."
"For most at least, my fantasy is to take a run at an average class with a red- zone defense and look for it to go so high up the field that I might not be able to control the quarterback."
"His law firm, now his charity, says the hiring decisions have helped draw in businesses who may not have had an extensive presence in the area."
"The BBC is already running a Facebook Live video of the court, which you can watch right here."
"The 66- year- old said he sees as much of England's run of winning European football as the Asian Cup, where Japan defeated Australia in February."
"As it continues to rise and soon will reach the mid- to high- 90s as the faster cars fall in price, the trend is looking more and more likely."
"We are seeing comments from staff on the bill saying they've got people coming out and paying to access that information."
"\"This week she told me she would, or wouldn't, as she sees it, see me running around with the matter of fashion that I dress in,\" he said."
"At the cost of more than 5, 000 lives, according to UN figures, and only a quarter of the African countries that share borders with the US have made the goal the right one."
"If you can't be seen, or have your face covered up, because a taxi driver tries to take it to a friend's house, you can use a fake eye test."
"I want to thank them for their words, they said to me: \"What do you think about the Republican Party?\"I turned around and I looked in at them and I said \"Mr. President, can you give them an example for"
"And there are too many \"broken\" businesses on our side to stop our efforts, and the only way to stop those businesses is to raise our staff, which the Government has introduced."
"We've got a lot of young people in the crowd, but it's also within our comfort zone."
"'For everyone but me, I've always been a woman and I don't want to get into all the rhetoric that's been going on,' she said."
"I feel very proud of having made history again, and I've brought back memories of those who were dead."
"It's unlikely you'll get the highest rates from Google, but we did."
"That's even more impressive, given the fact that he's avoided being kicked out of the team for playing for South Africa."
"And no, I'm not saying she doesn't enjoy this job- but it's just such a long time."
"A substantial amount of discussion has been given on these terms and, on Friday, in a debate that people can go to great length on this issue, you get into a debate about Europe, an issue which people still take for granted."
"That's a shift that is far more obvious in the big- name brands that profit from the sale of big brands to foreign governments."
"But in 2013 the home cost equivalent to about $ 1. 5 million in housing, or $ 22, 000 a month."
"If Mr Cameron wants to back off his promise to hold a referendum on UK membership of the EU, he will need to demonstrate he can raise enough funds to do so."
"For years, she kept three- year- old daughter at the very house where she lived for four years."
"\"With injuries, it's still a tough place to play,\" said one- time general manager."
"I don't want her ever to have to do anything he doesn't want her to do, we have a high- risk, high- guaranteed situation when it comes to moving over here."
"When I asked one officer if he had ever seen the signs before that were up to no use- the officer simply gave me a straight answer."
"People not working have more food, much less energy, and are more at risk of developing obesity if they have a problem and find themselves being put off by change."
"I've had people who were much older, around 65, close relatives of me, and say, you know, I did everything right, but you shouldn't have done what you did."
"And I'm like so confident that she'll win that result, she'll be very proud."
"When news media announced the news that the pilot had died, they were wrong about the cause of death, but everyone was told the pilot could be safe."
"If a driver does not see the lights at the corner of the road, then the car may be able to reverse, or move in one direction or the other."
"We are certainly giving all of our officers with the bomb disposal equipment and personnel the weapons they need to carry out terrorist attacks."
"'He was probably more used to the net than I was,' says Craig, but says he was never called upon to defend or to warm up."
"One resident, a friend, said:'He was a homeless man who didn't want anything to do with me."
"The Clinton team says the Trump campaign could set up a crisis meeting before the New York primary in June, and that Trump himself would be able to offer more details on the meeting, although no formal action was taken."
"A mother who left her son a Christmas present of \u00a3 200 after his mum's three- year- old son gave birth to a healthy baby was given an official chocolate treat when she realised she could not afford it."
"\"It's not easy for a child who needs some support at home to make a family move out of the house,\" he said."
"With no formal leader or family, it's hard to know what you will build and then what the future holds."
"If they set you up with a bit of cash in hand and you've got a place to settle and that's what you want to do, then yes."
"She said: \"The incredible figure of \u00a3 11 million is just a tiny part of it."
"If you're talking about staying up late for night parties, then that's the kind of thing you can talk about."
"While we are working on our individual restaurants, we are moving our research into new businesses that will bring our businesses even closer together."
"As a collective, we're looking forward to him coming back for the last match of the series against Italy."
"The government agreed to work out a five- year term with a major fee of 1. 5 percent that is much lower than the annual inflation rate of 1. 5 percent."
"When she gave birth, the jury of two men and three women will hear the story behind her decision and, before that, what we know now."
"At the election, three other adults [ ranging from six to 40 ] showed up, which caused what was a real drama to break out."
"\"All the signs point to the reality that I'm going to go down as the best quarterback in the game of football,\" he said."
"It's not just a matter of ownership in England, it's in the game, whether we can go there or not."
"'That's because a lot of money has been placed over top of people who have been out of work for over 30 years."
"While the target was always to get the 25% of kids who showed up at the school from the primary school and get them back in touch, she says she had little idea how effective it was for teenagers."
"In contrast with some of the studies in the past, the recent new consensus report does not show gender differences in risk of cancer or the effect of diet."
"I'm going to tell you what we've been listening to, I'm going to tell you what we've been working on."
"One can now bring $ 3, 000 to the artist's garden every week, and the artist has even taken to sharing their stories with others in the community."
"\"There's a little kid waiting out there that has a lot of potential,\" Moore said after training today."
"The dress has gone a long way and is currently on sale at the women's 2 / 3 night on the site."
"There are too many people who see it in a media box- you can't quite tell where they got it."
"It is safe to say that the United Kingdom is not a very well- run country- so it is a great shame that there is to be criticism of our treatment of Cuba."
"This means that if the council was fully committed to the value of homes they could be built on, too."
"The timing isn't a surprise: The Kings are currently without their two best players on a big- game basis."
"People close to him are not entirely sure whether he is going to be a Democrat or Republicans- if so, the Democrats aren't doing much for him."
"So there's a couple things that are very, very good about how this film is and it didn't make that much money."
"The Rams have yet to send their starting quarterback, however, and had never before seen a starting quarterback selected on this scale before."
"Just to see how I go for a run, for how many miles I do in between, it just kind of makes me feel better."
"\"I'm the one who wants to go to the moon, because it will allow me to develop my ideas, improve my production,\" Smith said."
"I'd be left with nothing whatever, so in a few years I could build what I have today."
