"For example, we may work on the same measure, but we don't know how we will move forward."
"'I have such great respect for him, but the way he is treated and the fact he went to prison is just bizarre,' she said."
"It is a well- placed country and is growing up with its own culture and people and art and society, and so it is hard for me to feel comfortable in it."
"You want to be sure you get the right person to take your place in the team, and it's our job to learn from that."
"We think that its obvious that these two measures are not just going to help with travel, but also reduce food waste."
"\"He wouldn't trust that, and I knew he was very specific, but I know he was very clear in his position,\" he said."
"In the end, the whole thing will be pretty much a Twitter poll of a time- and whether you like it or not."
"To use the concept from the commercial- banking and insurance sectors, equity is something that is a risk to be made at one's workplace."
"He added that Mr Cameron would be discussing these issues \"with the European people \"and wants to raise the matter of Britain's place in the EU- including Britain's status as a \"special partner \"of the bloc."
"But she has a degree and I will always have a degree that I enjoy teaching, I can do all kinds of things that I would not be able to do in a business."
"By Wednesday, March 6, their members had already spoken up against the proposed new rules, and said they will review it in a future consultation."
"For example, after a failed vote, he or she could face a fine of up to \u20ac 5, 000."
"There were a lot of rules to go through, and I wanted to try and win it every time."
"My father was an amazing human being- his life was a true testimony to the fact that he was a man of nature."
"I don't want to be a racing driver myself so I think this time I'll be really pleased."
"That number might be higher if the city is funded by a third party, such as the city's General Fund."
"There will be a public inquiry into the causes of the crash, which saw 56 people from the community taken to hospital with injuries ranging from head to foot, two fatal."
"Despite the damage, he said, \"We haven't seen any marked improvement from a summer like this."
"It is up to the regulators to determine whether to take action and whether the notice is likely to win out over stronger competition."
"The 36- year- old gave no details of the identity of the man, other than he has since been released on bail."
"I will be bringing in guys in the second half and maybe up next week but for me I just want to focus on what I can do and take a break."
"\"When I came to the review, it was the strongest decision I ever had to make in my professional career,\" he said."
"\"I'm just happy that the people here are not rushing to move,\" he said, adding that it is important to show their support."
"The line is part of a campaign to prevent transgender people from being taken off the minimum wage, which is set at $ 15."
"And even the studio itself did not seem to care: The 80- minute experience was only part of the experience, it was too long."
"The drivers complained they were unable to see anyone when the bank told them they must wait until the next morning."
"We have had a very positive experience in the first few months of our membership and we look forward to continuing that experience in the future."
"We are getting calls for assistance from doctors and we are seeing some patients being taken to hospitals, but we can't say they are serious injuries."
"He would have been a great addition to our squad and I am confident in my skills as a coach and as an individual to contribute to that."
"A friend of Mr. Trump's who works at the headquarters of the New York Times said the candidate appeared to be in line to join the administration."
"I've just been extremely lucky this year and I have a real little boost to build off of it."
"Some doctors have put up \"not in Britain \" banners in hospitals, saying they don't want people to be left with no choice but to leave."
"It was really exciting to see a kid named Chris, who was actually playing football for the kid's team."
"I'm not the sort of person that'll buy into a story that a lot of people are going to be at the expense of."
"That could be because a lot of that isn't about getting the goals at the right time but about having fun."
"The poll also found that Mr Sanders has found himself unable to deliver at the debate stage when he is battling Hillary Clinton."
"It was a rough ride but we gave it a try- that was the one that I was looking forward to."
"For those who don't know, this is where I grew up and where I started my life."
"The White House said it would support the compromise proposal when it meets with Congress this week and is preparing a plan on how to get there."
"\"I remember going to the house and one of them said:'What's your problem?"
"He also didn't like the way the people treated him in his apartment and didn't like what happened to him."
"'I was there at the time and I didn't know what was going on but I was in a lot of pain."
"He says the method is still being investigated but he believes he has been denied access to work for another two years."
"She said it had occurred to her during a training run last year, that she'd probably have a long career."
"The L. A. Times reported that an official there was \"close to 40 meetings \"on the matter, but did not confirm the latest allegations."
"He told us that he had realised he would need a day out to recover and that he was heading towards the streets with no one to help him."
"A woman who is worried she will be unable to travel at all with her two children was told on Thursday that she might have to drive."
"\"He has been a top quality adviser and we've been very impressed with his work with clubs throughout his career,\" he added."
"The new system puts additional pressure on the biggest firms with a focus on creating more jobs, the company's chief executive said."
"What we really need to address is the lack of access to quality education, especially in light of the fact that the value of education is so low."
"And I think he'll be a great coach for me, to see what I can do with them."
"I had a lot of jobs and I never really thought it would be my life, and to have the kids to raise them."
"She said:'We were just sitting in the car and we don't want to get carried away by the crowds."
"He will ask for a decision over whether to release it or not, he said, adding that he would not make any determination if he knows what is in it."
"\"I'm not saying I would never call or be concerned about those situations or whatever but it's a little different to what I'm used to dealing with here,\" he said."
"At the end of 2015, he signed an extension for the player, meaning he could be back playing in February and March of 2017."
"People I've talked to in the past will tell you that the guys who are riding this around will most likely never be brought up to race horses."
"An eight- year- old boy who died of an apparent suicide attempt in Perth's south- west last week has been declared dead, police have confirmed."
"Those looking to save the most for the next five years, however, should use this budget as a place to start."
"In a similar way, you want to watch games from a new point of view, and in my case, I am currently watching games from a left- field perspective."
"The offer to play him was taken in January as he was the first of the Aberdeen players to be taken seriously by the club's board."
"But if they're like us, they're very comfortable with staying in the team, that's the important factor, especially at the junior level."
"'I'd never been to this country, and I'd never heard anything from this state- I don't know what the hell the hell is happening."
"Trump responded with a short statement saying he did not have a problem with immigration but that he thinks it's not an issue for the United States."
"But after being up for a month at the Olympics, the heart of the market started to lose some of its momentum, bringing the sport back to a halt."
"You just want to be at home with the food when it hits the table, and enjoy it when it hits the market."
"I've learned a lot over the last couple of years, as a tennis player and on the court, you can't have the same type of game any more."
"With such a large bank and branch, you often see people to help each other out, just to make sure it is well managed."
"\"When you work with a group of people, even small groups, sometimes you get a sense of group work,\" she says."
"\"This means that, if I was [ able ] to give it a go and knew that my fitness was not in order, I'd be less likely to do it again,\" he added."
"If the party wins the London mayor's seat, this would represent a step in the right direction, she says."
"\"I was very worried and was in shock,\" Ms Hall said on a recent flight to New York to meet family."
"I don't want to stop paying my mortgage for five years, I want to be able to buy a house."
"She's not the only woman who had to go through the same situation with her husband, according to the Daily Mail."
"\"It just didn't turn out like you'd expect to see,\" Jones said."
"In 2013, when the Americans suffered a 12 percent drop in U. N. funding, it made sense for the group to increase its spending to $ 1. 2 billion."
"They also had to travel six hours to get from the beach to the rail station to be transferred to another area for the day."
"He is a genuine good horse and I am sure he will be on the field for a long time to come."
"That would put the job at risk, potentially in the form of new taxes on the rich, rising revenue from banks and other financial services companies."
"Many researchers estimate that the number of treatments being offered to children has doubled since the start of the Zika virus in 1999."
"An 18- year- old student in a high school who took her own life has been rushed to hospital, police said on Monday."
"The rate was almost exactly what he had paid in November 2014, when he had contributed $ 28, 500 to his campaign."
"The company also stated that its revenue and profit growth is expected to last for at least three years."
"\"There is a problem with leadership in Europe that has got to be addressed but not yet,\" he said."
"It's an opportunity for us to learn from each other and to do good things. We're two fantastic young guys who came through the squad, didn't miss a hole."
"Trump also said that he did not know if he would be running as an independent ; only as an independent."
"In the early years of my career I used to do a lot of search for love and money- but now I've found myself with a lot more."
"Some 4, 000 officers, prosecutors and prosecutors from the state's nine public prosecutors will attend a meeting for political prisoners."
"\"You can't imagine it, I have to get it done every single day,\" says Andy."
"We have got to make sure we get a player in there that can fit in and show us how we want to run the game."
"As an adult, I think I've made some mistakes, but what I'm trying to do, I'm very grateful to be alive."
"The group had reported its findings in a statement saying it was \"deeply sorry \"for the incident and would appeal to all affected parties to be aware of the risks of future use."
"He has a health advantage: The four years he spent in the back of a van that he didn't control were considered good years."
"We have given ourselves over 100 games and have been on a consistent path and it's been a struggle."
"In this case, if the Government did its best in the leadership contest then it could not win by its own standards."
"It is a message sent over the age of a child, the stronger the spirit behind their actions."
"In response to the strike, the Ministry for Children's Affairs said: \"As we face the greatest threats facing the country, we will provide support to those affected."
"In order to put in a good performance we have to give ourselves a good chance, and it is not easy to do that."
"We're playing, and we've got to do something about it, and then we've got to be willing to come to the table and come out as a threat."
"It's rare to find a performance artist so rich in head- to- head combat, but I've tried to do it myself."
"The researchers also wanted to know if there was a link between higher alcohol consumption and depression, or depression in general."
"\"The financial situation is the biggest challenge for the investment industry and I think we need to go and strengthen our finances to help these businesses succeed and grow,\" he said."
"The visit by Mr Johnson will also be of great benefit for the kids of Central England, who have already had plenty of time to enjoy the weather."
"He claimed that he had never met Mr Obama and that the two had \"liked each other very much \"on several occasions."
"\"There are things that have not been published that I can't be 100 percent certain of at this time,\" he added."
"\"If a plane is moving in reverse it's going to be around 2: 30, so it's going to be a lot faster,\" he said."
"He had a fine record as a number two in the U. S. Virgin League and was involved in at least one late- season game last year."
"Last week it was revealed the BBC must now reveal how much of its profits went to fake Twitter accounts and fake advertising."
"He has offered up 30 games, so it will be a big competition but he is still under contract and he has a lot of experience."
"When we get back I feel that it's really nice to have a good impact, that means a lot to me."
"He said the effort by members of the community to reach out to him after he left was the best thing he'd done."
"It's important to hear that every four years we're going to be able to offer these customers more value from our shop in a more competitive way."
"He said he's been in touch with his agent and is taking the action that's in the contract to decide if he'll be getting a new deal."
"The pilot from the beginning was on the right side and we all liked it so we thought it was something that we could live with."
"\"If you've got a kid, you want to play with them,\" he said."
"\"I'm an artist who wants to make art and want to represent people in a positive way,\" he told a conference in Paris in 2013."
"With the size of the field, the Giants were playing against what is considered to be one of the best teams in the league."
"He was only 20 when he first came to Scotland, but soon he discovered the support system he was being offered in England was full of talented players."
"The candidate who will run against him is described as someone who doesn't want to be held to the same standards as other candidates."
"It will also be made with more than \u00a3 200 million in government funding for the Games, which will be run by the government."
"You don't understand the American economy if you can't understand your foreign policy decisions."
"And that's why I'm here today to tell you that we will continue to work together to achieve much more."
"The United States government will also review its role in the Paris agreement, which aimed to end the 28- day Syrian war."
"\"This referendum campaign is about building up a solid, national base, while at the same time winning the popular vote in every state in Europe and in the United States,\" he said."
"The government's self- funded funding programme has simply not met its cost, so more and more businesses are going to struggle to make the payment required to meet the \u00a3 15, 000 goal."
"Even after the ban came into effect, the department's policy on alcohol was to do the same and only sell products on a limited basis."
"The game was based on an annual survey of 3. 5 million voters that asked about whether they would do the \"worst thing \"to Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential race."
"They still are the lowest paid workers in Europe, but the cost of living in Britain is about 10 per cent higher than in Germany."
"'What I'd like to hear is some sort of explanation,' he said, adding that, if he had been able to get some land in Scotland, he would have been able to build a golf course there."
"I'll be able to send a message about why you're OK and I'll have a chance to get him checked out."
"For example, one in five married couples in Britain is not receiving an income tax rate of 40 per cent because of their wife's marriage."
"That takes him to a massive point in his career and that's something we have to get better at."
"From where I am now, I've lost 10 pounds in my two years in the army, and if I come back and lose another one, I'll have to put on a show again."
"A 13- year- old boy has been shot and seriously injured in the side of a road on Thursday morning."
"The team will attempt to catch both its first and second floor apartment at a cost of $ 28 million."
"The $ 80 million deal- and the team's potential free agents- is the biggest one yet."
"They might have been younger but they were more involved in the lives of the people who did their own thing and that's what's really important."
"While there has been a significant increase in the number of migrants arriving into Europe, the number of women and children travelling to join the men has not increased."
"The office, which covers the state's state, county and federal governments, doesn't provide formal information on the same and local claims."
"The executive director said it was an unprecedented announcement but the loss of that capital at a current year rate is not unprecedented for the mining sector."
"A lot of people don't want to go on the air and hear me talk because they don't want to be heard."
"\"The concept of a state budget system in England has gone to a different type of debate,\" he says."
"They have to be ready for those big games, like we were in New York and did in Chicago, but we have to prepare."
"What the war has done to the terror economy is especially devastating, to American safety as well as to the international community."
"I'm sorry that you're saying it right now but I need to continue to work with my teammates so I can get back to work."
"If you play long, I'm going to give you two chances, one good, one bad and one good and one bad."
"I don't know if it's something that will change, or what will happen."
"It could be a matter of weeks or months before a government policy changes because there is a strong need for the very popular idea to come into play."
"\"I have no idea what's going on in this country right now,\" he said, speaking about the U. S.- Russia relationship."
"The officer's office declined to comment but said it is \"somewhat confident \"that the man was not injured."
"One of the core reasons is that we see these highly mobile people much more often than we do them."
"When they started to hit him with your money, he never turned around and you said,' You know what?"
"The only group in the top- four to break three times in a season is the bottom- four."
"He did not agree to be interviewed by Fairfax Media, but has been working as a project specialist for the Super Rugby clubs."
"The death toll has risen to 9 after a woman was shot in a London street on Friday afternoon."
"The centre has also had a huge impact on how the school is run, as local authorities in areas including South and West Wales have taken on greater responsibility."
"These include the United States, which has cut off aid to the Syrian army since it launched an offensive that left at least 70 people dead and 11 million displaced."
"He will now seek a new, lower- profile role as the commander- in- chief, with both a senior status and a large background."
"He said: \"This is a personal matter, for all of us in my position as well as those around me, and we will have to listen to the advice of our advisers and the people that we serve."
"This means we have to give up some of our most crucial assets to free people from debt in the next two years."
"If they don't agree with the law, we would have to come up with another law."
"In the US, the rate of unemployment has fallen sharply in recent years from 8. 6 per cent to 6. 4 per cent."
"We'd like to get things right and work together in this mission, but there's too many clubs out there and I think it's hard for any club."
"But in the worst cases, workers are entitled to a plan to cover all of the full cost of the journey."
"The tourists, who also have an exit visa, are entitled to a $ 20, 000 payment at their place of employment."
"The polling suggests that people are just as happy with the change to the NHS as they were a few years ago, regardless of who's standing in the June 23 referendum."
"It will be an incredible shame when someone so young, so strong, so determined to go out and do it."
"\"She has been living in a state of shock for two weeks,\" said Mr Hall, who has worked for the organisation for the past five years."
"But if you don't have the currency, you will have to accept it, and that's a big one."
"The 25- year- old West Coast native, who was arrested in November, was reported missing Friday."
"\"I had a blast when I stepped in and it was a beautiful moment of honour for me to be asked to do so,\" he added."
"She found that when she got to the local store she got so much pride that she sent her kids a cake, which they loved so much."
"We want to see our industry grow at a faster rate than other industries, but the industry is not growing at the rate that it should."
"It's been better this year, to be honest, because the boys have made it hard for me to put them off."
"It's what he's made of the way I've done and the things I've tried to do to do as a coach."
"He will leave today, but there is no chance he will continue to speak to the press on his stay here."
"He said: \"You would never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever not, not, ever not get in touch with these vulnerable people because they are too busy to do anything."
"The project also will examine the costs of the facility to ensure its safety, ensuring that it can be operated safely."
"She told him she'd leave her ring and not ask her boyfriend for money but when the money came in, he would sit in his car and ask for it."
"No matter how much you give in, you can't have more than $ 25, 000 at a time."
"It's not like there's a strong place for it in Los Angeles, and so you've got to build your team around that."
"We'd like to keep him at the club for the rest of the season, and we want to keep him around as long as we possibly can."
"I don't know why you wouldn't want to talk to him but I'm not a big fan of my father either."
"But the price rise is not enough to feed the city's growing population, and the club has decided to close for good."
"The FBI says the threat level for Clinton remains at \"critical,\" meaning it is not currently in a state of alert."
"He added:'I think she wanted to get some attention but I haven't heard anything at all."
"He made it clear that the election of Trump would be a failure not only for the United States, but for Europe as well."
"In June, France's foreign minister accused the Islamic State militant group of sending money to the group."
"However, the health service says it can't do this because people who have heart disease have to wait longer to get some type of treatment."
"If you are already working full- time, it means you're going to lose a substantial amount of income over a lifetime."
"\"I wanted to win with a cool mix of my hair and the only reason I had to win was because it was the best color,\" she said."
"He noted that the Republican National Committee won't have to raise money for Kasich's campaign or TV ads in the wake of Tuesday's primaries."
"It is important that we develop the system with our back- up players, who can play and score runs."
"We'll always be in the driver's seat, whether it's travel or just for the fun of it."
"He's the reason we have the NFL draft, we're able to have one pick with the first pick in the draft and we have a second pick on Monday."
"It's in the middle of the night and it's a long night, but I got a little bit of energy and that's what you get with any energy."
"The Australian would miss out on all of that as he set up a late free kick to the outside of the net."
"Mr. Corbyn noted that \"there was a sudden shift to one side- on the front page of The Daily Telegraph,\" and a sharp rise in voting \"over in the last 24 hours."
"The paper has been bought by one of the leading British Internet companies, which has not yet published its order for the research to be funded."
"If the word is that you've done it before, and you have to learn it again, that's not right."
"This is an interesting topic: what do the people doing that want to see more of, and what are the issues that they want to see more of?"
"\"As part of the operation, we've found that some of the best known donors used a share of their funds to make the purchase of the shares,\" she said."
"The paper's authors are a handful of lawyers and public officials who have worked with Trump on various issues."
"It's so important that there's this normal range of diet and exercise that young people need to be aware of."
"So if you want to learn more about these findings, it is important to do some research, be aware of the benefits of these treatments."
"The mother of three also called the police and told them she had forgotten her child had had a stroke, and there was no chance they would find him."
"I've never heard of a border situation like this before but I have a sense of responsibility and I'm very excited to see what we can achieve."
"Trump's campaign said on Thursday that it had not received a call from Clinton about the missing email account."
"We've certainly not done anything in this town like they had done in this state before,\" he said."
"Now we need to know that we are really getting into the driver's seat of the drama and making decisions for the public."
"It comes as Russia is helping Syrian rebels push a government offensive to secure the border with the country's largest city, Aleppo, which has been divided between rebels and government forces."
"When I was 18, we were going to the United States, I had always been excited to be there but a lot of people asked me why I was."
"The tax will not be included in the fixed- rate plans if a child was born before the result of the elections was declared."
"He told the newspaper:'I had to show her that I had moved in with her to help her when I was four."
"\"When they were able to get back, they took off again and again,\" he said, adding the airline may be interested in returning the planes for passenger maintenance."
"I want to focus on them, focus on their attitude and their world record and look forward to them coming back and playing the way they deserve."
"It was the first time in the history of the company that an estimated 1, 000 employees would move to Hawaii to work on Super Bowl 50."
"We're not seeing that right now, and that's why you have to look at the comments in the past and see what I've said in the past."
"They have not only gone against the spirit of this country, they have gone against the very nature of our country, the very things that we seek to protect and serve."
"\"I always felt that I was the centre of the world and I had to step back in between and let the younger guys know what I could do,\" he said."
"He said:'There were a lot of men in my group that were behind it but we could see that the women were just behind."
"This leaves a lot of room for a young striker who could be a step closer to the first team."
"If it weren't for the pressure of playing in front of my family and the world, I wouldn't have it."
"If you can't, maybe you'd better get a job or you might not get a promotion."
"But we've got to help our players be successful so we can have some success in the league and certainly we need to win some games."
"A 24- year- old man was also wounded in a fall but has not been charged with a crime, police said."
"'But what I know is that he has quite a bit of talent and we're hoping that's a plus."
"I think in some ways, as a consumer, I'm far from that type of person."
"I'm seeing these performances from the guy [ the half- back ] and I think the game looks the way it will be presented."
"But at the same time, I've got to work with him and I feel a little bit better every time I play him."
"And the truth is that these figures are wrong, as he certainly made clear during his campaign that he would be willing to put up a wall."
"Since the system began last year, it has run more than 700 hours and managed to maintain a profit of $ 400 million."
"A move away from a cross- party majority in parliament means Labour's chances of winning back control of the House of Commons for the first time since 2010 have collapsed."
"I believe that women are better managers of their own time and their own time, and their own family time, so I feel that the same reason I believe women are better managers of their own time and their own family time."
"We would like to have this movie in a few years so we could even use it in a movie or TV show."
"The issue is likely to be discussed during the session of the FA's General Assembly later this month, an official at the club said."
"We're going to get a serious conversation, and I think that's going to drive a lot of people back to the US and then into Germany."
"My first task was to have my symptoms noticed by a doctor, which, for my doctor, was no small task."
"While you might not get to touch them until you are 45, if you do take them on your own or go home, it's worth the price."
"The results show that the number of animals killed by man on the street jumped to more than 10, 000 in the year to 2015."
"Since the decision was made at the end of August, they have made a very strong attempt to settle their legal issue by way of pre- appeal appeals."
"\"In the past few years, some of my childhood friends have come to see me more,\" he said."
"A number of politicians have threatened to vote against Mr. Trump, even though he has pledged to build a wall on the U. S. border."
"He added: \"There's a part of me that wants to be away from the club for a long time, to get the transition from the Premier League to my next job."
"As time goes on, it will get better and better, and it will do that to players that we don't want to see."
"Mr Cameron has said he would seek to make a deal with the UK on the terms of an exit before the referendum."
"However, people who decided to make the move in a different form could not stand to pay more."
"\"I hope the parents will be able to get more direct to the problem of girls and bring us all closer together,\" she said."
"I think they're not 100 per cent here, as you look at how they'll be doing in the middle of the season."
"A lot of what I'm doing in life is simply doing what I want to do and a lot of other people around me are doing the same thing."
"Many people don't have this type of time, but I think we are all required to do it."
"However, there are already other routes to and from the EU that only allow you to apply online or at a local supermarket."
"But he made the decision to fire his replacement last year because his coach did not want him back."
"You've got the guy who came over from California who's taking care of me but he has a smaller gap and I need more time."
"Mr Cameron is seeking to convince the British people that Britain's membership is better than leaving the European Union and, if necessary, join the single market."
"More than 25, 000 women have died from the virus in the United States since the virus first emerged in Africa in the 1970s."
"If you have a partner who is sick and doesn't know what to do with it, it's a big problem."
"The National Football League, with the largest number of fans per game, will take over and we will continue to support the same principles, which is great."
"Two men, aged 32 and 35, were arrested over a sex assault complaint which has led to a review of the claims."
"To that end, the coalition says it will run several new projects, including one designed to protect and restore the city's water supply, and another to boost economic activity."
"While both victims are still under investigation, no evidence has emerged that the knife was used at the time of the crime."
"There was no direct reference to the student, but there are links to online classes in Germany, which have appeared over the years."
"But this week, I was surprised by how many people treated it, by how much it got used up in the weeks after the divorce."
"That's what we expect, and hopefully at the end of the year we're going to get a fresh start on our guys."
"In early December, a senior senior Russian politician said he believed it was possible for a ceasefire to be signed during the weekend ceasefire and that military operation would be launched."
"I am definitely looking forward to this time of day, I have a lot to be on my mind about."
"And while other people will lose money by not using their mobile phone, this doesn't mean they won't have a massive amount of interest."
"The decision to drop Clinton from the Democratic presidential ticket by a significant margin- 72 percent- was made in the wake of a dramatic loss to Bernie Sanders in South Carolina in the primary."
"It seems the more traditional answer is that a man is having sex with his wife, rather than a dog."
"The number of migrants arriving in Italy last year jumped by about 40 percent compared with the same period last year, according to the country's interior ministry."
"\"I'd like to hear from you guys about what the best thing that might happen to you is if you do something wrong,\" he said."
"But the product went on sale at the time with its price ranging between \u00a3 5 and \u00a3 11."
"The decision not to report the alleged abuse occurred in 2012 and three months before the contract was due to be published."
"The percentage of women in science and technology jobs who said they had been sexually attracted to men fell to 42 per cent from 40 per cent in 2015."
"For now, the biggest priority is to be able to do their job and do their job well and hopefully continue to go back to the top two."
"With a $ 1, 000 help of its considerable staff, the organization can no longer put up walls, or paint its buildings white."
"\"We're all working hard every day so I don't think we're going to see any end of activity in the town,\" he said."
"It has taken me a lot of time to figure out the issues that are happening, the procedures that are being followed, but I'm not feeling too bad."
"We're right on top of the world and we can do it in the shape of Canberra, Adelaide, Sydney and Perth."
"\"Our competition won't be like you'd think, because they'll have all of their cash, too,\" she said."
"It will be a nice autumn but this is also a lovely summer and I'm going to spend a bit of time away in Sydney."
"The search for him continued on Friday and he appeared to be headed to jail on Saturday morning."
"After the arrival of new information, both Republican candidates and Democrats will all be considering which of the two leaders they will support."
"I know that there is a lot of pressure coming out from the Scottish side this season, and we need to focus on that."
"They know where we are going, how we're going to run, and we're trying to do everything we can to build relationships with that."
"I am a vocal supporter of the Senate race, even when it is challenging, and I'm grateful to Republicans for their support of the campaign."
"\"This has to be a debate about the legal status of our borders, it's not just about immigration,\" he said."
"I'm the captain of the ship so I know the rules and the rules are very clear,\" he said."
"The administration plans to pay the Australian and New Zealand governments $ 1. 6 billion over 10 years, covering the costs of building the two airports."
"He is also a global leader in the field of addiction treatment and has two drugs classes to treat addiction and is currently the head of the Center for the North West of Scotland."
"Since his father's defeat, with the United States taking on the very wealthy, Trump has come out on top, despite being repeatedly attacked as weak on his own record."
"The fund will continue to raise capital as a last resort, and we look forward to the opportunities we see in the sector."
"The goal of this plan, one U. S. official said, would be to force Saudi Arabia to make a deal to sell oil to the U. S. market."
"\"I was living with my son, in Paris, so I couldn't talk about it,\" she said."
"The judges have not yet confirmed the decision, but they are due to make a decision in two months."
"And that's the world we live in- we're actually living in here today, we're living in there the first half of 2016, and it's a world we can see and understand."
"\"I'm disappointed with our decision, I would have hoped to get two and maybe three,\" he added."
"All told, there were around 6, 500 people displaced in 2015, which is down from the figure of about 3, 000 in 2014."
"It comes after she was cleared to be a mother in April, but the court heard she has not had a proper place to go for a number of years."
"But in order to make the transition from outside the EU into the new role of a head of state, a new system needs to be in place for Scottish businesses."
"It's really up to the player to trust the system and be on the ball more than he did at the beginning of the season."
"We made the mistake of sending our football into the ground and players took it away from us, as I think we deserve to be in the top six."
"And now it seems it's happening: after he'd performed a performance for someone else, he tweeted it to his followers."
"He's willing to go on a crazy ride and get caught up in a car- we'll know in the next five or 10 years."
"'As a child I always thought my family was better than me because my family was stronger, my parents were more successful and my brother and sisters were not, they were just a piece of paper."
"It would require a federal government budget of $ 600 million, which is still about half the previous Obama administration's $ 800 million."
"The city is seeking $ 2. 5 million to restore a 30- year- old glass wall that was cut in 2010."
"But it is quite clear that it is too early to give too much weight to these small changes in the employment market."
"\"When we were just getting through his sentence and the ambulance came to find him he immediately sat in the water,\" he said."
"A press spokesman for the pro- EU Northern Ireland Democratic Unionist party said the deal \"is good for the business community and good for people in Northern Ireland."
"With no job prospects, it's been a difficult month for the city's low- income population."
"In fact, some of my new teammates say that they're not sure what to do, because they're not about to get the \"I can't get in \"ask me anything."
"This time, we can see the economic growth- but even as we look at it, the market continues to do much less than it would normally have been."
"At the same time, higher rates of older people are associated with higher rates of death, though the researchers couldn't prove that this was the true risk of death for those over 65."
"I'll miss that, but I'm not going to go and do what I did tonight."
"He said his girlfriend, who is 25, had told him he was responsible for the \"snow \"of the party."
"It is illegal to sell any drugs, weapons or other illegal products in Turkey at this time,\" a spokesman for the National Police Agency told AFP."
"He was back in the water, so this was the best I've ever had the opportunity to be out there."
"The only thing that would make a difference would be if it got to 1 percent,\" he said, adding that there is little debate about the reality of inflation."
"I'm a second- year player, so I'm learning to play as well as I possibly can."
"Last week, I spoke with a chief executive and at the same time I have decided to leave."
"With South Korea's defense ministry warning that the aircraft may have gone on to attack a military base, the two sides have been negotiating with each other."
"The officer is detained in Birmingham after a suspect crashed a car into a police car at a busy stop last night."
"We are not at the level of England as it is not as popular and we have lost the following rugby union games."
"\"The initiative is probably in line with what the Cuban people are already being encouraged by the international community to do,\" she said."
"It's been six weeks and we've still got our legs and we've got to make a run for the Gold Cup."
"Mr. Trump's team said the campaign was ready to start giving money to Republicans as soon as he had spoken to any of them."
"Most countries can be expected to hold rates below 2 percent, but almost all nations have not done this."
"It would be the latest in a long line of US victories against North Korea and it would mark the first time the North has launched nuclear missiles over the sea."
"\"In order to get him to show they are going to do something, he needs to be on the field, that's what I am for,\" Smith said."
"I also think it's important that we let our opponents know that this is what we want, and to achieve that, we must have that international stage."
"It is in the public interest to avoid this, but it is better to avoid other areas where there is a risk of you putting yourself in harm's way."
"The trial had been set for a December 23 deadline and was scheduled to take place in New York on Thursday."
"Mr Corbyn said that although some of his supporters are angry at the Labour leader, the party was in \"good hands \"and was now on course for a successful leadership contest."
"\"There was a reason why I was so angry,\" says the young woman, who refused to be named."
"I think it's something that we will look at to see whether we have the right structure, but in general we're going to look at the larger issues."
"My first introduction to her was in 2012 when I met her at a conference in San Francisco, and we really hit it off."
"The first thing to remember is that people can't always read all the reports and sometimes those reports are not complete and accurate."
"For instance, one study found that those who had experienced sexual abuse were more likely to die before the age of 55."
"I didn't know that would be possible, but I don't think this is a reason to do anything."
"It's hard to imagine that Mr. Trump's opponents will look at this in a different way."
"In January, Mr Corbyn stood down as Labour leader from the party's executive committee after his mother appeared to miss a critical consultation."
"What we did in Sweden is that we were mostly in the right position, but we're now in the other one, where there's a lot of pressure."
"Police Scotland is investigating allegations made against the high-- cost ambulance service after passengers and crew were affected by the flooding."
"I will say it again this evening: our president and the people of the United States of America, as well as the members of Congress, have a responsibility to respect that."
"While this is an unusual move for Trump, he is not the first presidential hopeful to fall out with his Republican opponent."
"In the UK, Scotland has a much more diverse population than that of the UK, and as a result we have a larger number of people who feel they have a very different level of English than do we."
"However, she has been waiting for a long time for her son and she hopes that there are more people like her waiting to help."
"Even though the door is shut, I think there are still a lot of things you could learn from the trials."
"On some occasions you get to go to a restaurant and sit down and then you have a nice meal and then you're home."
"The commission's draft report, which will be sent to the prime minister on Tuesday, will not specifically mention Russia."
"He explained that on the day he had gone to meet her he had heard she had an addiction problem."
"He was suspended three games for a minor hit, then suspended for a holding penalty in the latter stages of the game against the Giants."
"\"The world was going to be worse, but if I'm elected president of the United States, I will also do everything I can to make it better,\" Obama said."
"That's what he's doing, making films that people love and making things that people don't love."
"The reality is, the referendum is, you know, no, there's a vote, you go on the ballot, and if you're not a registered Democrat, you're out of line, and in general I'm very anti-."
"It's nice to be able to say that I've been working hard and doing all that, and I'd be lying."
"We can't even get a single traffic ticket out of our system because of the matter in front of us."
"An emergency plan issued by the prime minister would have covered the entire area but was turned down after the Metropolitan Police refused to take the application seriously."
"The news came as some of the Scottish Government announced a plan to build a 100- metre high wall along the border."
"The study, in which 39 men and women were asked to respond to a series of six questions, found that it was a 0. 5% difference, not a 90% difference."
"The study found that more than one in 10 businesses will experience an average customer holiday holiday lasting more than 15 days in 2016, compared to just one in 10 last year."
"He had a 17- yard catch to make it 11- 16 in the fourth quarter and led 17- 16 with 1: 44 to play."
"Since he entered the workforce in September, he has been involved in meetings and events for both the city and the company, and has been involved in legal issues."
"When I got there, one of them said,' What are you doing here in New York City? And I said,' It's going to be a beautiful night."
"And it was a team effort that led to a victory that could have turned the election into a critical, one- man battle."
"He said he could see \"a lot of people talking to the opposite sex,\" but he didn't know any people who weren't."
"\"I want you to know that I'm a proud Republican, that I have worked very hard to get elected to work on this issue,\" Sanders said."
"I can be 100 per cent positive and say,' He should have been treated properly,' and that's OK, he did not deserve to be in there."
"It's more about the size of the conversation we're having, the player we're talking to, the players we're talking with."
"The agency found that around two- thirds of the devices sold in China last year were only around $ 3, 000 each."
"\"This was for children,\" Mr Scott said, referring to some 13- year- olds in Victoria, West and South Australia."
"\"I didn't expect it would be the same and it wasn't, but it was the right thing to do,\" he said."
"\"I have been married two times in my life and I don't think I will have any time off now,\" he said."
"'The number of the animals we've received has been extraordinary, from my own count, we've got more than 500 in the next few days."
"The government is continuing to announce that a government- appointed specialist was at a meeting in Paris on Thursday to discuss the threat of Zika."
"He was originally a high school drop out, but now has been a strong voice for people who felt they hadn't done enough, and now wants a full- time career."
"A British member of parliament who served four terms on the Commons committee charged with making sure Britain stayed in the European Union has been found dead at his home, the inquest has heard."
"I know it is the first time in my life that I have felt shame because I didn't deserve it."
"I have a four- year- old, so my view of how a similar process would work would be different if it was adopted at the same time as online banking."
"It's possible we'll need to use the knowledge we've learned on [ separate ] teams in the past to come up against Celtic."
"It is absolutely essential that we ensure that trade deals which are actually good for British jobs are delivered by the people of the UK."
"The first team to score a hat trick in the Premier League era won it twice before with Manchester City taking a 2- 1 lead."
"Just 30% of those cases involved a \"new set of evidence \"that is \"not necessarily where we would want the evidence to be,\" the agency said."
"The GOP, an ally of the coalition of Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and other nations that helped elect Mr Trump as their nominee, sees no direct link between Mr Trump's policies and Iran's efforts to influence the election."
"The U. S. has long sought to deny allegations of human rights abuse in Colombia, and the country has sought to protect the country's presidential election process."
"\"We are thinking of ending the first half of 2016 as a one- year period, because we are still learning what we are doing,\" he said."
"I'm proud of what happened, I'm proud of the support we've had and I think the whole world is aware."
"I thought about it because it has been one of my most dramatic performances in the last few years, and it's still something I want to show in the dressing room."
"There is no reason to think the product will find much use or change in the rest of the world, as there are so few big, established producers."
"It's impossible for me to even have that kind of game if I'm not up and playing."
"But he admitted to wanting to play when his childhood friend turned 18, and had had been very busy with his job since then."
"A family's letter from a loved one can be a key factor in one's success ; if their loved one has been caught up in the ongoing murder investigation."
"After he announced his resignation from his job as an anti- Brexit political strategist in the summer, he has managed to avoid media scrutiny."
"The 15- year- old's attack was caught on CCTV and we now know how the teenager ended up in hospital."
"The US economy is growing at a record pace, although much of that has been driven by the strong dollar and stronger exports."
"Another key piece of evidence for the idea is that most of the guns were bought at gun shows, for which no one has ever been convicted."
"The 15- year- old girl also told police that she had gone out with her boyfriend to get a bag of chocolate."
"They make money off the sales of their books, and they are the buyers, and they should be not only rich, but also proud of it."
"A 2012 survey found that among the approximately 400, 000 women and girls who are eligible for the scheme, over 40 per cent were under 25."
"We will continue to be a significant customer and the commitment that we make to our customers'purchases has been excellent."
"He's the one guy in the world who has become everything you thought he was."
"For the first time, the agency published a report that showed that the 2012 election is a referendum on the U. S. economy and whether the United States will be able to attract businesses and workers."
"\"If we are able to match the data and give a bit of information to the scientific community, we can put the world's best people together,\" he said."
"The project is part of an effort by Uber to build a network of self- driving cars, which could help traffic safety."
"I didn't even get a chance to go through the bathroom to talk to the young lady so she was the last person I ever got to talk to."
"I wasn't able to find any of these people, but I decided I'd do this."
"If that's a process, it's going to take a lot more time than I have thought it would, and I'm very sorry for the frustration that it's caused."
"This week, however, the Scottish government has published its own analysis, suggesting it would be wrong to expect that the number of people receiving free schools would rise."
"And it has allowed him to give his voice to people in his position who have been abused, who are concerned about the impact this has."
"When you take away a young player and lose them, it is not the first time that happens."
"We had a very good run last year, in fact I think it was the best run ever in the Premier League."
"I think, as a reporter, I have to find out more as I go through these things, and I've been informed by a source that [ Trump ] is going to be talking about health care."
"Some say they're too scared of the responsibility and urge parents not to take too long to work out where they are or where they want to go."
"It is a fantastic opportunity for every woman of all ages to meet a very special man."
"It is possible that if the EU doesn't take into account the concerns of the EU member states, Europe could become a stable place for immigration."
"\"It's the best time to be a driver, you just have to make sure that you get on the right side of everything,\" he said."
"There are a lot of people that can play on that side, but I think it would be a different group of players."
"We want to play hard to win and I think it is going to be a really tough game for us."
"She added:'The most important thing to know is that I don't want to lose my job or my house."
"One woman, who did not want to be named, said her loved ones had come from Syria to the UK to join the group and she was able to join because she is from the country."
"Most of the politicians on the campaign trail have talked about the need for a British exit from the European Union, but polls show a very low rate of voter support for the idea."
"\"He won't be back to live in my house, or at home with me, because I'm gone,\" she said."
"\"We've been looking at the situation and have all sorts of recommendations as to how we move forward,\" he said."
"A French court ruled that the boy, now 18, was not considered a threat and the case is to be thrown out."
"\"If somebody is arrested, they're supposed to be released and we don't know how many,\" he said."
"We have no choice but to invest in our home so that we can support our family and preserve our privacy."
"\"We're all leaders, so if you can't bring yourself to walk around, it's not that bad,\" she said."
"She was not the first woman to make a political statement this year, but her small but vocal speech to the national convention in Charlotte helped win her the nomination."
"\"You have to have a little bit more understanding about it, because it will happen before you even know it,\" the official said."
"The suspect has been identified as a 23- year- old man from Scotland and had been in custody since late Friday."
"When the vote was called, a Scottish Labour spokesman said: \"We are committed to taking the appropriate measures and we are in full support of the right decision by the Scottish government."
"The first one- hour event is expected to end Thursday at 8 p. m. and will be the first of its kind in the United States."
"I think it's important for the social workers to be able to go in and assist with the kids to see where they are."
"He added that they would not seek to influence the outcome of the election, but would only question it if it is a legitimate debate."
"More than half of Americans would like to see U. S. regulations on Internet use, the study said, citing data from the Federal Trade Commission."
"\"We've come a long way to this, we've got a very good squad,\" he said."
"\"He's got to go away and make sure I have a rest,\" Jones said."
"A woman who believed she had been raped, then later killed herself, and a man who had been in a relationship with her, have been jailed."
"But his daughter added: \"He told us he wanted a real ring and one that would prevent him from finding it."
"She is a professional mum and says when she says we want to get the kids back to school and let them go, we just don't."
"I've never actually ever met a person who I didn't feel comfortable hanging out with, which is pretty amazing."
"\"I don't know where the money came from but I know that he was there,\" he said."
"\"If there is no evidence on the ground that is consistent with the recommendations of this report it is an issue that you should take immediate action,\" he said."
"What happened after that was going to be much harder, but one thing I felt pretty strongly was that the academy wasn't going to have the care and support that we needed."
"He made his second start for the Rangers on Sunday, but made his way to Chicago with a shoulder injury and has never had a regular start this season."
"She says it's important that we be able to move on from this, but so far we're not."
"I've still got that leg, it's still my best leg and I've played the best golf for four years and that's what I've always done."
"More than 4. 5 billion of them would have been targeted during the past century, with a devastating effect on the economic and social life of the people and culture."
"\"The debate about what the future holds for China is long over, not lost on the one China we know and love,\" he said."
"The trip to the airport for my birthday was packed with women- some with children and some with mothers- and they were all wonderful to me."
"Even more than 25 percent of women are referred to services for mental health issues, the report said."
"She added:'I was really trying to get this one right, but I ended up with the wrong one and it got stuck in there."
"The shooting happened shortly before 10: 30 p. m. at the center of the protest movement in Brooklyn."
"The Department of Health has also announced that it is offering a reward of \u00a3 3, 000 for information leading to an arrest."
"\"That's the challenge in the world, and I think we've got to focus on it now,\" she added."
"This was a huge loss for me, but I am still trying to recover from it, but I am hopeful."
"The 16- year- old from an eight- year old told The Post: \"We were walking down the street when we saw a huge explosion and everybody rushed out to help."
"'I thought it would be good for my body to have the possibility to keep myself up there longer without being injured,' she said."
"I want to get better as the season has gone on and I want to find the right coach to win it for the future. I'm still struggling in my recovery from my injury and obviously that's probably something I want to address for next"
"'I'm not going to see these people again, they deserve to be able to go home safely,' he said."
"He hasn't done it in the last three games but he's been a very important player in the team and we'll look to get him out."
"But if we had a conversation about how to tell a story about how we felt about ourselves, you wouldn't come here and read that."
"I've tried to go back to a really clean regular that I used to go back to, and it's always been the same."
"After reporting on the possibility that Trump could get away with murder in order to \"re- establish his own mind \"in order to secure the Republican nomination, Trump has made no secret of his desire to go after Hillary Clinton."
"\"The people I met on the bus, the people I met online, the people I spoke to on Twitter, were all just amazing people,\" she said."
"'If I was arrested I would be charged with a crime that wouldn't even have taken place,' he said in a video message on his Facebook page."
"\"It is good to be back,\" he told me and I think he's just finally caught it and they're really happy with the squad,\" he added."
"More than 20, 000 individuals have been diagnosed with the disease in China, around half of them young people."
"\"There are the classes that are about to go up in the States right now and the key for them to gain a bit of confidence is to work their skills on the real ground,\" he said."
"Her family, who are members of a boy's soccer team, were told she was a girl, and were told there was nothing they could do."
"The FA has launched a legal action after three members of the public were forced to leave a venue with drink- driving violations."
"I just don't think we should be too heavy on what we've got to offer here."
"He is planning to sit down with me about his mental health and what he's doing to help me live the life he has."
"\"It's been very disappointing, and it's been hard to come back after the second half,\" said Jones."
"He is an aggressive kid that he wants to play on the inside and he's got some good speed."
"It is too late to give the dogs good care, we must be able to protect them from harm."
"This can be a great tool for parents, or parents who wish to ensure they do everything they can to ensure their child is going to sleep at night."
"This is what it's all about, and we can't afford to lose it in the first place."
"They said they wanted to test it for the lack of a screening test, in case a test did not work as intended."
"There are also many good people in this room, I think the most generous of whom can help you."
"The view from the right: a positive step to be taken with the pound's ill- held status as one of the European Union's single market partners."
"\"I never looked at it like it was a threat,\" she said, noting that they can take on any type of gear."
"The U. S. Energy Department said at the time that it was aware of reports of illegal immigrant residents in the area."
"\"People don't really have a sense of what a really busy week like that is,\" she said."
"I think we'll have to win some games but there's no doubt we'll go into the season with a good attitude."
"The District government also took in $ 2. 2 million of donations for 2017, more than all other city governments combined."
"She got a lot of messages from all over the place, and in the few days she hasn't been picked up from there, she's been coming and going."
"\"A lot of people come here and we think it's a big job and it has to be done,\" Mr. Wright said."
"Since the election, it has been hard to stay out of the spotlight: Trump doesn't seem to mind being visible."
"The US government had to block the plan when it announced it was creating a new team to monitor what was going on."
"There are other apps, and they are being rolled out at a higher rate in 2017 than in previous years."
"\"It's just going to be a lot easier if they can move over the line,\" she added."
"Last week, at a crucial state GOP debate in Los Angeles, Cruz addressed some voters who would like to see the senator take on Trump."
"We will be putting pressure on the National Party in every way possible, and that will be our job,\" he said."
"Even if you'd had an accident, I would still have left it in place, because I wouldn't have to worry about that sort of thing."
"It's not like, \"What's going on? \"But the world- class record was well in advance and I will do the best I can to take that seriously."
"If you're going to be in your house to watch your son play football or dinner, you need a separate room."
"The challenge of what we need to see out on the ground, whether it is over or not, will be something that we will have to look at."
"Mr. Trump's victory on Super Tuesday, which will mark the first time in history that the winner will appear in the first- in- the- country contest."
"The decision to ignore all the data and instead try and throw a fit on any single study results was not really based on anything."
"We're expecting those candidates to remain in their groups, and that is a great thing in itself."
"The striker was shocked when he made the announcement on Twitter that he had signed a new five- year contract at the end of the 2015 season."
"She said: \"We are going to lose all the momentum, so I know that is not going to happen."
"That means that much of the work that needs to be done in order to keep our people safe will be taken away by the Government."
"According to the report, the hospitals have a \"lack of resources \"to meet the demand for mobile patient data as well as the need to cope with demands from the customer, especially those without good internet access."
"The share of boys aged between 15 and 16 who have left school a year earlier than their peers who have returned has also increased, the research found."
"But there's a legitimate chance that the SNP might not always be agreed with a majority of Labour's MPs, who are also divided over how to handle Brexit."
"We're a different kind of country, but you could certainly argue that we have this advantage in terms of our social network profile and our mobile sites and our advertising."
"We've been to Europe so many times we don't know where to start, but we've been to Dubai and are very confident we'll be OK."
"In the United States, it's not just the jet fuel that we have ; it's people in planes who are pushing our way to fuel supply."
"But the issue is not just about someone's conviction, it's the result of being a woman- as opposed to a man."
"But, in the process, he was voted out of his position as the prime minister's junior partner."
"She also said the investigation of her case would not be a focus on the woman's policy on food and drink."
"As much as she thought she would get away with it, it wasn't quite clear that there was enough security in her house to hold her."
"Another flight was cancelled by the airline, but the plane was returned to service with scheduled returns on Saturday, a spokeswoman said."
"It wasn't just a personal note, it was also about having your life back, about where you are now and everything."
"\"I'm the oldest woman on the team and I would have a lot of hard time to find out,\" he said."
"The U. N. has said almost half of Yemen's 5. 6 million people are in the country's eastern and southern regions."
"'We were trying to help my son to find out where he was and I had to take a bit of heat from everyone."
"I like to go to sleep at 3 am and then go home at 4 am, so it's a bit different."
"A lot of the time you'll be in the control rooms, or where you can do a lot of voice recording with the head."
"We've just got to take it at face value, he doesn't seem to have been a really good pitch."
"It would be something I'm not used to but you have to have your moments like that and we did it tonight."
"The network said that if they lost, they would work with the parties involved to resolve the issue and a process will be set in place."
"They just can't take a job like this for granted and that's not going to happen with our organization."
"It was a challenging day in the middle of the month as temperatures were on the low side- around 40 degrees for the day."
"However, as I said when I was in the Championship, England were better than they usually are now, and we had a great atmosphere at that time."
"More than 100 children have been missing from the town's main school since Tuesday afternoon, which is believed to be due to be a start of school."
"I was so excited to do it, and she was so excited when I saw it, just to be able to give my son a chance."
"There's a lot more common sense in me that I would want to be able to say this, and it's about going back to a kitchen."
"\"I think it's absolutely true that Republicans... have always been against the nominee and I think they've always been against the general election,\" he said."
"The Fed's next meeting is at its meeting next month, and while the Obama administration's policy guidelines said the Fed should not raise rates until October 2017, the Obama administration has yet to make any formal announcement about this matter."
"He is one of the players we have on the field, he knows what's going on and understands what we are trying to do."
"\"They are not going to be good for U. S. business,\" a senior official at the U. S. trade group said."
"It's like, we have a problem here, we have a life- threatening virus here, it's affecting the whole planet."
"I like my own fighting style so if I can beat a good fighter in my head, that's my way of life."
"I haven't seen a poll in 30 years, and I don't even know what it is."
"A year later, her mother, who had previously lived with her, died from the drug addiction she'd been suffering."
"I'm sure she wouldn't want to have to make a very bad decision like this to her family, not a man of her choosing."
"When you do something like this, the value is a good example of the value being stolen and you have to pay back the money."
"The agency is also running some \"kill switch \"programs, targeting one or two specific people at a time."
"Now, the city's council has approved a $ 20 million credit- off of its revenue by the beginning of next year, after the project failed to raise funding from a previous payment."
"Clinton made her first appearance on the show, as she spoke with the the audience about what it means to be female, and what she plans to do as president."
"If we're not going to see the improvement in performance of the car, then I'm not happy."
"The sudden interest in the project has caused a huge amount of speculation about how the family and their businesses would go about building a home."
"He's not my father, I don't want to put him on Facebook, and I don't want him to be an influence on my life."
"More than 30 schools were shut down by the state's school board this year, prompting public pressure for better school construction and other improvements."
"You can take a look at what this man did to the security guard and they have got no problem with you taking pictures of us."
"I didn't realise how great my decision to have a family in 2015 was, because you only learn the best for yourself if you don't care how long it takes."
"There are always some wonderful things to be said and not all people will agree with me and I don't think it is fair."
"If you're on the fence about starting this game and you want to make sure this guy has a chance to score in the playoffs, then make sure you do this every week."
"The information gathered from a sample of 50 people who had been tested was compared with how well the patient was doing during the study."
"Of course, a lot of our studies have focused on things that we've been able to do in that particular time period."
"The Home Office said the number of people claiming emergency protection should increase from 10, 000 to 12, 000 as more people were needed for the operation."
"The Tigers currently have 17 games left in the season and have just missed the playoffs, going 10- 5, thanks to two playoff losses."
"The point is that, in a world of widespread violence and suffering, we have to think long and hard about what is necessary to protect our self- respect."
"As people always tell you, there is a golden rule: go right and keep going."
"The one millionth of a million people in the UK- I think it's the biggest city in the world- it would be big, with massive views of the whole world."
"I didn't want to do anything to help my family, and my mother was very nervous about it."
"In the year leading up to its election victory, the SNP was seen as the second most popular party among people aged 16 and over."
"'If I am allowed to be an officer and have not served my original sentence, that would not change my experience of law enforcement."
"The income from business accounts fell by more than 10 per cent and the number of employees fell by half, the government said."
"The United States had signed a formal defense cooperation agreement with the Russian space agency- as the Russian space agencies told us that they had no such agreement."
"\"I hope the money from this sale will be invested in improvements and it's a fantastic money- giving opportunity,\" he said."
"But I don't think there's anything wrong in saying it's better to make it one day instead of four."
"\"The only thing I've had to say to him or the media is, \"What happened is wrong,\" \"she said."
"I'm aware of there's a time and a place for the career and you have a home in a studio."
"\"They can be pretty incredible on their own and they get on, but you never know how they'll find it,\" he said."
"\"This is the right decision, and I feel it's the right decision, if we don't get through the summer,\" said President Obama."
"We are set for an agreement of a whole decade and I am looking forward to working with that to deliver the best possible outcome for Scotland."
"From the space station, it was the first time the space station has been seen in person, though NASA's not quite sure how it works."
"Of course we're going to have to work hard to get back to where our performance levels were last season."
"We've gone through the hard times, we have got to come together in the best possible way and we have got to do our job."
"I think I need to think more about that a little bit and see if I can put some things in place and see what happens."
"There was a lot of pride and the Giants had to go out and play their game and did it again."
"He was one of the great things to happen to our team- I'd hate to think there's any question he's going to get this job."
"He pointed out that with fewer than 400 officers, such shootings don't usually involve violence, making the situation difficult to deal with."
"And if a judge finds the alleged offences did not warrant being dropped or a prosecution removed, that person can be held without bail."
"For years, every time a security guard showed up, the reception room was full of people waiting for them to arrive."
"The problem with his new contract is that it's more like it's supposed to be."
"We want to improve the game but we don't have to be the same bad we were last year."
"It's not only the NHS's main concern- health services are responsible for more than half of all obesity deaths, a major survey has found."
"Although you don't agree with every proposal, you all agree on one thing: where you come from, how you live, and how your kids live."
"The risk is that consumers will not get the value of the deal in the short run, and it will not go the way it is predicted."
"The study found that most people have a hard time leaving work and that job skills are affected by employers."
"He is being reviewed by police, but for now, the man has not been taken to hospital and is expected to survive."
"\"I really just want to keep fighting and doing everything I can to win games and stay in this tournament,\" he said."
"We don't know what the future will bring and for now I'm making the decision that I need to stay here and learn, and I'll keep doing that."
"In fact it is one of the few large services providers that have been around since the 9 / 11 attacks."
"They get so excited and want to feel this way, but they're really alone and they don't want to come along."
"It was my focus since Day One to perform my role, to create something that people wanted to see, and then change it and do something that people want."
"An English Premier League side without three games in their last eight starts to return to their old- time, four- match stand."
"The weather did not help, however- a 10- year- old girl died in a house fire at the same time as police."
"So they have to be like, \"OK, you know, I need this, and I want you to have this, because otherwise we'll be cut."
"\"The reason for the change is clear: a lot of people won't be able to get their card if they don't have a photo,\" he said."
"I have got a lot of information to draw on and I have been in touch with the police and they are probably going after him."
"Since she launched her presidential bid in January, Clinton has brought some of her key allies to the campaign trail."
"The idea of a progressive progressive- even if it doesn't come from the ground- is not like that in Trump's world."
"\"We know that the system needs to be fixed to ensure that everybody can access the same services,\" he said."
"She would have been in trouble for a couple of weeks if she had stayed in a hospital and returned to Britain to be with a couple of friends."
"Police have said they are investigating reports of at least one man being killed in an alleged hit- and- run in Glasgow."
"The pressure started when their players started missing the whole game, so I needed to put the pressure on them more."
"She told me to talk to your staff about why they are doing that and help them with anything we can do."
"She called the judge to explain herself and her time, but the judge refused to go on record as to why she had called the judge on the evening of April 3, when she said she had seen her son."
"The alternative is that the person he was talking to and the person he was telling the story were two people and his voice was not his own."
"And it was even stated in the comments from our fans that they were here to take it for granted and see a nice show."
"The president- elect has also warned about the risks of turning a blind eye to the refugee crisis in Europe and the Calais migrant camp."
"The coach was wearing a two- foot black shirt, which made it look more like a traditional prison."
"He said: \"I made this decision to leave the job because I did not want my team to be able to do that if I was going to be the leader."
"It's not that his game hasn't changed and I still think it's really good."
"That's one of the great powers of finance: it can't wait until all the signs say something."
"\"We know that if this government changes, the country is going to be in a better place,\" he said."
"The refugees, most of whom were living in the camp, will not be allowed to leave until they are 18, according to the latest draft."
"There were about 45, 000 children in his care in the 1990s, he says, and it could easily go up to as many as 100, 000 by 2012."
"I'm a pretty good player in the past, so I've got to keep making plays."
"The association's board said in a statement: \"The FA have in our view made a mistake in a public service announcement."
"\"This (pay) may have cost us a lot of money, but that doesn't mean we should feel bad about the situation,\" she said."
"\"We're not in an incredibly good position as a society in terms of having to consider social media all the time,\" he said."
"I'm going to prepare in a way where I think the government can be more effective and more impactful than a simple immigration policy."
"The cost of living is another factor, with prices rising by a third in the last five years."
"\"What we will want to know is how much these businesses were saving by selling their property rather than selling their stocks,\" he says."
"The result of this process is that I am using a very limited number of people, the second year, which is up there with people that are here at the moment."
"It's not an easy decision, but I knew he'd be a player I thought he would be playing for some time."
"He's done everything in his power to keep me happy in this career- I don't want to see him get any more happy."
"They thought she could be right for the first- half set and they were right in the second half but they lost two straight."
"We need to take advantage of the opportunity available to us, with the best legal advice we have at this time."
"He could take off to use his hotel and the second- class flight but he could not move to the third floor and he would not be able to escape."
"But it wasn't long before the hunt for the white- picket sign started to change. \"I just started to notice things about the park,\" said Jones."
"\"The announcement came a day after Apple co- chief executive Tim Cook announced the iPhone 7 would go on sale next month,\" a source familiar with the matter told The Wall Street Journal on Monday."
"\"There will be no planning,\" he said, and the special operations unit will be deployed within the city's west side."
"Now you have to look at how they ran their business to see where they stand and what they do, how they move their businesses."
"And that's what these changes will make for a new generation of staff, who will have to deal with the rising cost of making music, not the consequences of what happened to me when I was younger."
"I couldn't make it to Italy and we're getting tickets for the same show in a matter of weeks."
"Just 25 per cent of Americans give the same opinion as their foreign- born counterparts on the issue, compared with 35 per cent of the population."
"In terms of the direction of the business, I think they've got a well- planned first half of the year and they've got a lot of preparation to do that."
"Even if there were a fight on the show, it would not be called a wedding because it would be an accident."
"The push to ensure the rules are followed, which is currently proposed for the first time this year, will likely be implemented in the autumn."
"I've done an amazing job, I just had to do a perfect job and I was surprised by the results."
"'I will never forget the sight of him on the television, then in the same way I will never forget the sounds of his daughter being left behind."
"The foundation is asking $ 2 million for access to this equipment, but if you're the customer or need it for any reason, just show your credit card information."
"There is no guarantee, however, that this will be a sustained policy boost for the sector at the moment."
"The center, where an estimated 40, 000 people live, is part of a major diplomatic and humanitarian response and is intended as a gathering place for many of the United States'opposition leaders."
"For nearly a decade, the industry has focused on what it wants to know: what does the floor do for you?"
"Two people have been shot and two others were injured in a shooting at a Brisbane home, police have said."
"She has made a lot of people feel more comfortable in her own skin. and, by the way, she says she hasn't been as aggressive in her treatment as we would like to suggest."
"By September, nearly $ 10 million had been invested in advertising to the appeal of the appeal by now, and another $ 4 million by October."
"I want to make sure we can take care of the people that have to make decisions and handle everything that happens on a daily basis."
"The bigger question is whether the issue of regulation is going to be addressed, so I don't think there's going to be a dramatic reduction in regulation."
"The deal, which could come into effect next year, has been in place for at least a decade and has led to a renewed desire for the UK to become a more direct financial destination."
"And finally, we're going to have a bright future for women in sports: at the highest level in women's tennis."
"More than 4, 000 people have been killed in the conflict, which began in 2011, and civilians have been trapped in rebel- held areas."
"\"We are not concerned, for example, about jobs that are being lost and people who are working for us,\" she said."
"The Giants have found themselves in a hard situation- they face a final game of the season, at home, and the 23- game regular- season schedule can be tough."
"The company's share price rose to $ 5. 30 on Tuesday, trading up just 0. 6 per cent."
"\"He hasn't had to worry about any of it, and he's going to be very happy with what he's done,\" he said."
"\"If you want to get in, it's really important to get it where you can actually turn the heat off,\" he said."
"\"The best way to fix this is to develop a system of standards and shared care,\" she said."
"It doesn't matter how you look, he will always know who you are and if he is tough and he has a personality that he likes to talk about, he is going to do a good job for you."
"It said a large number of the claims from schools were genuine and that'children at most'should not be affected."
"I just know that I've got a job to do to make my own legacy and I look forward to working with all of you, supporting what's going on here in the United States."
"Another patient, who had a minor child, was with her family when she disappeared, it has been revealed."
"But we haven't really looked at what the barrier to entry is like, or what people really need to make a jump from there to the next."
"The Foreign Ministry said earlier that it had asked the United States to send advisers to assist with the country's response."
"He says his staff members have complained to the Welsh Government to explain the problem, but a spokesperson said the Welsh Government would only respond if there was evidence that an issue was wrong."
"\"We're up in the game and just wanted to win every game we had and just wanted to help our team get off to a good start,\" he said."
"After dropping 1. 2 per cent in September, the market believes the firm's performance has picked up again in the current quarter."
"I just remember in the middle of a routine interview I was a bit frustrated because I was just really happy I wasn't getting called on."
"His case was looked at in an EU Commission consultation paper by a group of 30 EU economists."
"As the group's main director, he took over from Sir Tim, who had left the group for executive and financial management."
"You have got to work hard to find the big story in the first week or two weeks of the year and then you have to drop everything and go on holiday."
"It's going to be a double game in October- like at the beginning of October- and we have to score points."
"\"We have to learn from history and it's never easy to prepare for that,\" he said."
"From a young age, he was chosen to play at several levels, all of them and for a number of reasons."
"He used to look after me and I will be missed but I have taken a long way to get here and I will always be missed."
"\"I have seen him for almost a year and I don't think he has anything I want to talk to him about,\" he said."
"The majority of people who are infected with the virus are HIV- negative, although in some cases it can also be passed on from parent- to- child."
"The service will be open for all lines from 10. 30pm to 10. 30pm on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday."
"Even though it will be a long season for our girls and when we're up we'll have a good year and hopefully we can continue our development."
"After spending several days in Florida, he returned to California on Thursday to call on his family for help and to check on their mother and father."
"I remember all the times they would walk into me and ask me about my birth, which was incredible to learn that I was in love with the boy."
"I don't think you've ever seen a man pull back and walk out of the room with nothing."
"I was just like,' It's going to take years to make a difference ; I have to learn how to be professional and professional."
"The city's financial planning committee made an announcement on Friday about a plan for the residential developments in the city's future."
"At the same time, China's \"soft power,\" or the idea that everything can be made to be good, has become so dominant in the world."
"There is a police force and the safety of our staff is our top priority, and we have decided it is vital that we provide this support in the past few years."
"Mr Taylor said:'We've had a lot of love from people and it's a great time to be part of our history."
"And while the issue was clearly stated, the ruling did not bar him from being able to win an award on the basis of those winning more."
"He had been accused of drinking at an incident on the coast at the same time last year, and was told to leave the boat for safety."
"The next step is to do research into it, but we've got to go to the next level because this is an international team effort."
"There was, of course, a major error in some of the research that I was aware of- and I should have known better."
"He warned the UK- and the U. S.- might- face a \"hard Brexit \"after the U. K. voted to leave the European Union."
"I remember that we started this little tournament together and we just had an idea of what we wanted to do."
"That would make a lot of good arguments for him, and if he were to fail, well then he'd be dead."
"It also has the advantage that the parliamentary secretary, the spokesperson for the culture secretary, is a Tory, because the former deputy prime minister was a Tory."
"This is a problem that has only just gotten worse after he has lost to Trump and Cruz, who took turns attacking him on social media."
"For the first time this year, four of the five tests made it to the high scoring list on New Year's Eve."
"These days we see clients asking for a bill for \u20ac 500 a month or \u20ac 5, 000 for a small ticket."
"The leak has raised questions about the network's commitment to its customers and the way that its customers are reporting it."
"When I was growing up, I was always so quiet, I just couldn't take it."
"As a result of this initial state of affairs, Uber's new crew will be much closer to the drivers."
"It is even likely that the cuts will be announced on Friday, as is the case with other parts of the system."
"It was a major problem and the rest of the game ended up being pretty bad so the boys were pretty frustrated and we didn't get into the final."
"He's still young and not in a position to be able to live up to the expectations he has set himself and help Australia to win gold in Rio."
"But, because of the pace of the competition, it's always a bit too easy to lose,\" she said."
"\"I can say this is a winner- take- all situation and it's always been an ongoing struggle,\" he said."
"Our customers want to go to the beach, but they can't have it all the time,\" he said."
"It is reported that three boys were injured in a plane crash near Canberra on Sunday morning, while five other children were reportedly injured in a collision."
"She is made- up of an art form of building blocks- the natural and the religious."
"But even when they made me believe they would call on me to help, they kept on coming, because I wanted to help."
"The past four years have seen a record number of trips for black people and a remarkable rise for white people."
"The Prime Minister's Office insisted they had been prepared to discuss this very possibility with the union and that they were ready to consider that, but only if we could come to a agreement."
"\"The situation is not easy and that we're not able to do the things that are necessary to get people to trust us and I think we've done a terrible service to the officers,\" he said."
"The research team, led by the University of Adelaide, examined more than 350, 000 Americans from the United States and Canada and concluded they were better off."
"She has managed to make her way in after a 16- year career in public service, one she said \"was never really about,\" and to do so she must be."
"\"But that's not the answer I am offering, but you've got to figure it out,\" he said."
"The most surprising thing about the thing in the beginning is I know you're not going to like it or want to hear it."
"For example: \"If a car breaks down and you can't find its owner, it is probably not worth the money."
"\"They have had a very good run, as they have had many experienced athletes of all ages,\" she said."
"When you are the first group and you have to go in on the other team, it is important to be up front and aggressive."
"But as a lawyer, I couldn't tell them how to find the right clients and how to apply their skills in a professional setting."
"\"It's an ongoing problem,\" he says, referring to the billions of pounds of damage caused by the blast."
"'I've been to my son's funeral and he wasn't sure what I was going to do,' she said."
"You have not, as a man or as a woman, asked me to become the next president of the United States."
"If a woman gives birth and doesn't have her baby, that's something that will go away."
"A man and woman were treated at the scene but, for the moment, no arrests have been made."
"\"It's going to be a tough game- you need to win, you need to get those breaks,\" said Thompson, who missed the game with a right shoulder injury."
"They will not sit down and write down their plan and deliver it to you."
"The firm's stock rose by 20 per cent to $ 25. 54 on Thursday, in line with expectations of an increase of 0. 8 per cent."
"In other words, I think it is important that we know where we stand in terms of this very significant moment."
"I was introduced to her as the main man of the party, and after a while of that I realised that it was the one who had me."
"The issue raised many questions and it is up to the committee's chair to respond as quickly as possible."
"The three points are all for White, so he is pretty much always a matter of playing for one or two teams."
"The idea of an underground service was suggested in the 1960s, but in the 1980s it was realized to be more likely to be used by people who need it than by people who don't."
"I have always known he had been but that is not the way I would like him to have become and I have not been there with him."
"I think in many cases, there's a $ 50 or $ 100 difference, so it's just important for the player to know what the value is."
"However, it was not clear if any of the officers that had been involved with the fire were injured."
"Her hopes were that the event would also be an opportunity to engage with veterans in ways that would not just benefit their awareness and voice, but also raise funds and awareness for her cause."
"For her to get a full penalty of $ 500, 000 in a season that she's played against is very good."
"There is a three- year window, and that window is four months, and the players are going to be on the clock after six months."
"\"I would like to think that something was done so quickly that maybe I might have been a victim of something,\" he said."
"Although this was already an easy step towards a new system, not everyone is convinced. the next step is a vote in parliament, so we need a majority."
"Since then, it's never been more important that a group of women be allowed to achieve gender equality than it is that the group of women be able to progress on their own."
"The Times reports that the Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal from an appeal from the woman's son, who was 14 at the time."
"If the game goes the way it was supposed to, and the polls aren't right, that's a long way away."
"The outcome of the battle is not clear, but Moscow has stressed that it does not want the fight to go ahead."
"\"I have never had a guy who wasn't up for the sport... and now I get an opportunity to be a professional and compete with him,\" he said."
"But when you see one thing over and over and over again and you see it again and again, they come back and score goals."
"I was alone in the car when a knock on the door told me to get back out, but I couldn't because I was blind."
"\"He was just one person, all three people are from the same place and they were on the same train together,\" he said."
"A couple of days ago I really thought I had that giant fantasy of hitting the space bars and not having to worry about that, and now I am thinking I did too!"
"It would be to lose all of their benefits- on average- at least on a regular basis, a study suggests."
"If that happens, people will go and have their pictures taken, and if not, that's it."
"However it has suffered from a lack of media attention over the years and has only been seen occasionally by the general public."
"Although an increase of 1. 6 per cent was achieved in the period immediately following the deal, the Government's intention was to keep the contract until March 2017."
"\"I don't really know if it was true or not but he must have heard it,\" he said."
"By the time he returned to Washington DC to continue his studies, the brothers had more than a dozen other children with whom they shared common interests."
"It's a tough thing to fight for when you're having a fight like this but you've got to do it."
"And that's why they're always there, just a reminder to those other people and it's not something they would expect from somebody of a younger age."
"\"The more resources we invest in, the better it is for the economy and our workers and their families,\" he said."
"\"There is a lot of discussion and a lot of debate over the direction of the Middle East, and there is very much a debate about what is right for Europe,\" he told The Telegraph."
"The group was founded in 2013, and in 2015 was ranked the No. 1'best'community club in the UK by the Times of London."
"If I had to choose between one of these two teams, I would probably get a look at our roster."
"There was no written ban on the first- year players, but players are advised to keep away from the second and third rounds of competition."
"The reason I'm putting myself in a position where I have to be more aggressive in terms of running off and kicking with him is because he's been in and out of the match more."
"\"People in Canberra have told me I can do anything,\" a 27- year- old man from Canberra told The Sunday Telegraph."
"He was not, however, a large party figure, having spent his childhood and early 20s working hard at one end of the country."
"He is already making it quite clear to the press that he wants to play in this game, especially when I have told him he will not be available."
"The Rams have just beaten the Eagles and the Rams don't know what to do, so it will be hard to turn the ball over to a 4- year- old."
"Her family are keen to put the spotlight on what they believe is an attempt by Erdogan to influence the election."
"\"She's been having some really bad days,\" says the 41- year- old actress, who has been in critical decline for years."
"'But I've managed to leave the life of a victim behind and I'm not trying to take any from those men."
"It has not been able to deliver as we're seeing in Aberdeen where they played a very good second half."
"He's been in South Africa and he knows it's an international game and the game is a big opportunity for us."
"If he has not lost, Trump will have won the nomination and it's up to the Senate to decide what the rules are."
"The only time he did it was on Dec. 31, when his campaign said he won the endorsement of the Muslim Association of Florida."
"I really thought that we'd just let the boys do it, and they would just keep doing it."
"I had an idea and I knew it would be a challenge, but I started my business off really well and I never had any bad feelings."
"It could be the first time, in the history of sport, that a player has been given an extra week off."
"\"There's a great deal of free trade and you're not spending more than you're spending, so I don't really worry about that at all,\" he said."
"They're not as serious as others who don't feel the need to see a doctor, and have not had a chance to get one before."
"We've shown that we can do it all, and I think that was shown last week at the end of the season when we played against Barcelona."
"When people do a Facebook search of the same name on Facebook, they find something similar to the one they've been searching for."
"We are talking about something that is vital for the future of Scotland, not just in this country but for the UK as well."
"When asked to select one of his cabinet ministers to be his running mate, Mr Trump used the same language to contrast the pair."
"Even at his best, he's just a good athlete, and in one year he's a really good athlete, so he can really put up some good numbers in the ring."
"In fact, she was only one of a number of issues with which she became increasingly interested."
"There is the argument, though, that the boys wouldn't have scored as many in the game if not for Scott."
"One of the big things about my approach is that I want to show the world the good side of me and that I can be both a fighter and an athlete."
"If they are looking for a good reason to buy a property in the north- west, they need to look at the bigger picture."
"When I was younger I would stay in hospital for 10 days and then I had a cup of tea with my dad for a few days afterwards."
"I think the time has come to look more at this and take the risks and put our hard work to work to make this the right place for the person."
"For this case, though, there's a good chance the court could change the law, since the government had already started with the abortion ban."
"His advice to those returning from the Middle East is that they pay more attention to the political process rather than looking at it through the prism of the rest of the world."
"If you're a woman, that means the baby doesn't look like you,\" said Mr. M. Moore, whose daughter was born on Friday."
"Her nine- year- old daughter, Michelle, was only just entering class when she lost contact with the principal."
"Her defense lawyer and four co- workers said they came across the painting and its closure and that they thought the painting may have been stolen."
"'And the weather's fantastic,' he said, pointing out that he'd lost only a few feet on the summit."
"And I think it's not just because this is just a hard, fast question to answer because it's a complex one."
"In an interview with Channel 4, he said: \"My job is not to ask the question, it's to try and understand the message."
"\"I've made a lot of mistakes since then, but it's just my fault,\" he said."
"I understand where I'm coming from, but in a very real way this is my body and I have to make some decisions."
"And even though it took him two years to get back to the health care system, he was able to open up for others."
"After the N. R. A. started a tournament in New Orleans in 2006, in 2006 there were 10."
"I was so nervous because I didn't know what was going to happen when I went to the bar and I was in love."
"But he only wanted to go to lunch with friends and has not had a flat since February 2014."
"We thought, why not get a good party- or at least a good party, in a town like this, the people want to come."
"A meeting with EU leaders on Friday is expected to be followed by a formal consultation to discuss the trade deals they agree."
"They're doing fine, but there's a huge gap between the game plan and the type of player that we have in the squad."
"But I'm pleased with my time at the club, and I'm looking forward to coming back into it after a difficult period in which I played a crucial role."
"For example, many of the people who were lost in the storm were likely to be homeless, the report said."
"It is here that he will be more effective, because if you work hard, you have a chance to keep up with the boys."
"You really have to be careful about what you're going to drink,\" he told the judge."
"It's been such a long time coming, we really want to move on to the next stage with this program."
"I'd like to see all their health and fitness videos and at least see them, or at least see them, because they have a different environment to my child, so hopefully we can help them."
"We are aware that over 20 people have died as a result of falling debris and we are sending out a safety alert on the site to warn people to stay away from areas."
"\"It's a lot to deal with, it's really hard to get away with anything,\" he said."
"He hopes the new concept will lead to more women coming forward, with men more likely to report sexual harassment."
"\"I am very proud to say I am also a Democrat and very grateful to Donald Trump for his support and my friends who have been supporting me,\" Sanders said."
"It's almost like one of those times when your heart just won't allow you to work on this, or maybe a project like that."
"But they have to stop the front door and get out of there, and we didn't put anything else in there."
"The study showed some people have a better response to the hard reality of life after a relationship than others, and others can go from thinking they're not worth having in the first place."
"It is possible that the activity will just continue for a while, and that's something they will find out about the next season."
"'And then on March 15 it was all about, you know, on the front pages,\" he said."
"She is such a hard worker, she can afford to put all the extra work in to get the job done, so she's going to be able to cope for herself, and work extra hours to make her daughter happy."
"I am the first person that you've ever seen throw a soccer ball at me, or you would have seen it at the Olympics."
"As for herself, she's obviously come from a family where her parents never married and she doesn't want to go to university."
"I have struggled since arriving at Glasgow for many reasons, including my club's poor performance this year, which is an issue for me."
"They also allow us to have a \"walk- up,\" meaning that we stay up until the late afternoon before we go to bed."
"Some people with low body mass tend to look the part and feel a bit more comfortable than others who don't."
"The United States has not issued formal sanctions in Syria since it began its military campaign in March 2014 after the country's government agreed to take a majority."
"But for him, things changed in 2012- and this time he is excited about the result."
"We will always have a pride in what we are doing, but the thing is, we are not doing it with the intention of ever doing it again."
"\"You've just got to be careful what you bring, and then you can do it again,\" he said."
"\"I don't know why I would say this, but I would do it if you want to,\" he said."
"Some children can be moved if they leave the home, but then not necessarily."
"It's not like I'm moving in a straight line or anything- I've already played my first four games."
"She has been at our office for 13 years now and we have always believed that it is the job of a female to lead."
"He said he had got the intention to sell his stake but was disappointed it didn't buy him the resources to invest in his next venture."
"The PM has said that the country would have to rise to \"all the challenges \"and that UK citizens would be better off living elsewhere."
"This is where, in the decades since that plan was first announced, the state of emergency has begun to look like a crisis."
"\"There is an opportunity to make a difference in the future of Ireland, which is not something I want to miss out on,\" said one who lived in the area."
"A university- called \"Leave.EU,\" which saw the \"leave \"campaign launch a \"vote Leave \"campaign in the European Parliament, was sacked, says the Conservative party leader."
"The centre- left U- turn party gained only a few thousand votes in the primary elections, but lost seats and even voted for the European referendum in June."
"The pressure is going to be on us in the next couple of months but that's just the kind of team we're prepared for."
"We have to acknowledge and address the challenges that climate change poses to our economy and to society, but we also have to acknowledge the benefits we can both bring to our community and our economy."
"His training has been similar to that at the same club since the 2010 World Cup and his role is to improve and stay healthy."
"We will do everything we can to prevent the UK's entry into this dangerous region to try and find out who is responsible."
"So my hope is that I keep going at it the rest of my career, and then when I'm done, I'll be a little better and hopefully I'll be playing for two more years."
"There are so many, but there is a lot of focus on making us feel confident, because we haven't played a good match in the Premier League."
"If this was a house with lots of glass and your wife had it, you'd be a pretty good place to live."
"He was brought up to be a lawyer and worked full time at a clothing store but moved to a health insurance company to buy insurance in the hope that he wouldn't have to work so much."
"In response, the San Francisco- based business group last week said it would delay a planned pre- sale until October and release a policy for the public."
"My sister and I have been here two years and I had to stay with the house when we moved in."
"After six months the Saudi national bank said it had paid out a total of almost \u00a3 1. 8 million in loans to the more than 250, 000 companies operating in the country."
"I'm sure it's not what the players wanted it to be, but I'm sure they were very happy with the option."
"\"We are in a process of making it easier and easier for me to do this job,\" Mr. Duncan said."
"It is unlikely any of the 100, 000 or so tourists on the third weekend of December will be able to spot the tourists who have stopped, he said."
"The men may have thought they had cleared the legal limit of $ 200 per person, but now they're going to spend that extra money on their own."
"\"This is one of those situations where no matter how good you are in your work you should be doing everything you can to put yourself in the best possible position to succeed,\" he said."
"We are just getting started on our second start in the Champions League which is another good start for us."
"I remember sitting down to dinner and watching it over two and a half years, and I knew it was true."
"A gay couple living in a gay- led neighborhood in Melbourne have been left with a \u00a3 500 note, more than two years after it was first posted online."
"The aim of the pilot was to give a useful service which would not use vast amounts of electricity, which is not what we're trying to do."
"An inquest is to be held to determine the fate of the 42- year- old woman and six other people."
"\"I'm not going to stand here and say that I'm going to end up like Barack Obama,\" he said."
"\"People who don't want to pay for it can be delighted, because we can say yes, or no, or whatever, and it's free,\" she said."
"We played some really good defense, we played some good offense, but that's about it."
"We just need to move on, get a good cup, and find the right people to help us."
"\"He was actually one of the first people in the country to come into contact with the people in the village,\" he said."
"He had been hired as a trainer by the Raiders and he was in Canberra working on his first NRL game."
"He didn't want to go to school and had to earn a degree, which is what his mother was doing."
"In another interview with BBC Radio 4 \"s Today programme last month, Mr Cameron revealed that he would have backed Mr Johnson \"at a referendum."
"The Spanish Ministry of Justice had said it was targeting \"non- Islamic individuals,\" and said that 40, 000 migrants, most of them from Syria, had already entered Spain since last March."
"The Syrian government said it had the upper hand in the election but has still lost ground to the Islamic State militant group and other rebel groups."
"But Trump did not appear, and in early Wednesday night's first debate, he only mentioned his father, Donald J. Trump, as \"Mr. President."
"The veteran intelligence analyst, who led the Pentagon in the battle against the Islamic State group, was killed while in Iraq on June 18, 2014."
"Despite being closed to the public, the store remains open to the public, as is the full retail area, allowing visitors to enter from various stores in the area and looking to store while shopping."
"But the studio doesn't own the materials or the location, and is in no rush to open a location in Japan."
"But I'll probably say this: I don't think I would put the burden on myself."
"There is no indication that this will be the first he has done this in his life, so it will be interesting to see."
"It's impossible to prove for sure what's happening with these records, but you're going to be seeing a lot more of it."
"In the US, the researchers said, the best explanation for the excess risk was the lack of coverage in the press."
"The decline has happened faster in the west than in the east of England, which are also affected by the recession."
"Our focus is on North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin America, but we are also investing very heavily in Africa, Latin America and the Middle East."
"All I know is what I see right away, it's the worst thing ever that I've done in my life."
"The second part of the survey, carried out between August and September, shows that 29 percent of people said they had not seen or heard from a member of the defense staff since 2012."
"It's a smaller place than the French, so it's one where people are more likely to come to the city."
"However, the data of the population was not available in Japan, where the Japanese have a drinking problem."
"\"We can't get any more Tory in parliament and no one will care what a legacy we've left,\" he said."
"But, as an act of great self- interest, he decided to \"give me something to sit on,\" she says."
"What we have heard all the time from the west is that if you look at people's lives in the city, they don't necessarily want to go to Brussels."
"\"I'm running a campaign at that point in my life, and I think the same thing will apply here,\" he told ABC radio."
"Of course, we don't necessarily have to look very hard at the evidence, but I think the reality of the matter is much worse."
"The little boy was a boy who had never taken a bus, but in the early hours of Sunday morning he was starting to set off."
"A source told the Daily Telegraph the inquiry would look at whether the treatment had a \"significant impact \"on the psychological health of young men."
"There are people who were exposed to this in the post, and who have been doing it for several years."
"The Saudi- led coalition targeting Islamic State in Syria has conducted \"terror strikes,\" according to a senior Saudi official."
"The court had imposed a 12- month jail term for Smith, a 28- year- old man, and ordered him to complete 12 hours of community service."
"What is in these forms of content they are not seen as a real one- this is not what they actually are- a huge part of the need for global digital media to remain sustainable."
"For the past few years, prosecutors have been rushing to introduce charges against prosecutors, while the victims themselves have fled to lower courts."
"I will have been campaigning for people to understand this and not think it is a campaign, but I will have done a campaign to hear the truth from those who know what I've done."
"That's why the rise of Brexit is such a significant campaign issue in the Republican presidential race."
"There's not a lot that can be done at the moment to stop them from winning, but I feel like we've got a much better squad."
"And on March 14, the Lakers hosted the Washington Wizards at the Palace on the NBA's free- agency trading deadline."
"The family, however, say that it's too early to say if she was her own person."
"They'll be the second team to get a win against a Toronto team this season, and I'm looking forward to getting them back in front."
"A man who nearly died on a New Hampshire beach died after he jumped out of his car and fled the scene of a crash, police said Monday."
"I think the game- itself is good and some of the systems can be improved, so it's all good."
"In the end, the agreement is a win- win for the NBA, though we don't think it will be enough to bring a championship back to Cleveland."
"I remember thinking, well, I might be able to get better because I've got all these skills and I haven't really lost them."
"At the time of the announcement he was not a member of the English football team and did not have any contact with the club."
"But this is how he has always been here- he'd rather have got things done than wait for the day when he does make his return."
"People all over the world are asking how long it would take me to look after a baby, so we made it three days."
"\"It is a strategy, and I'm confident in it,\" Clinton said in October, after telling the crowd that the decision was made on her behalf."
"He was a guy who, at the very least, they have to try and keep him for now."
"\"She's been there for the past eight years and now she's telling us that the kids are not seeing her,\" a father said."
"No matter what age you are, there is always someone you can talk to, somebody to hold on to, someone you can feel a connection to."
"In addition, 35% of Democrats and 47% of Republicans said they were prepared to support Trump as the Republican nominee."
"\"I just want the truth to be out there and so many of you reading this are saying this just is not true,\" he wrote in the post."
"To make matters worse, the American president has not yet declared a state of emergency in France, but it is likely to be imposed, he said."
"If there was anything to break the barrier, it would have to be him."
"While it was too early to say what effect the victory will have on Obama's campaign, his victory may turn out to be very close."
"I was sitting at the top of a five- foot mountain and when I said yes, I took off, although I wasn't too proud of it."
"The events occurred at various locations across the city, which were declared safe by the city council, and the bus service has yet to come to an end."
"\"I really like that with what he's gone through I know he is happy and excited,\" she says."
"So, my second goal in life is to give my kids that first opportunity and that's when they are going to become professional athletes and I'm going to be in charge of that for the rest of my career."
"But we need to live up to the expectations of what it will be like for us, especially at home."
"I'm just grateful that all the people involved are taking a different approach with the girls so they can all enjoy the atmosphere."
"While the budget is funded by the EU, there is an issue of control: all EU states can claim a share of any part."
"A Chinese leader has proposed a new system of payment which would allow people to pay by check without having to show details of where the money was or who had sent it."
"\"We should not get caught up in a world where we have no control over the levels of violence,\" the expert said."
"But both camps say they won't let the other get in the way of progress and the union wants the process of collective action stopped."
"\"It's a really nice place and you can go there for hours,\" he said, adding the men would gather at the spot to listen for a recording of the event."
"In order to support my career I have been at the embassy for 12 years and I have had a lot of experiences that I really want to pass on to the next generation."
"\"If you're ready to have your babies (before birth), we're ready to start planning to have them in October,\" she said."
"This is not the first time we've had the other side on us as we have played against them over and over again."
"Our focus here is to raise as much awareness of both the female as well as men, because that's the biggest and most important thing for us."
"She had been on a plane at the time of the incident, and had decided to pass on her findings to friends and family, as well as leaving her car."
"\"We have a lot of individuals who have done really well on our board who have got significantly more than we have,\" the manager told reporters."
"The UK is only 5. 3 per cent of the way to a two- year extension of the EU single market so it's not a surprise that the Bank of England is worried about our prospects."
"They took us back to the summer of 2015 when the season started, which was good because of the games we won there."
"If the risks were considered in the context of life on the move, it would be significant for the scheme to stay."
"The idea behind it is that in an economy with too few and long- term contracts, they're good for wages."
"\"When you're in a box office, you tend to get people who are used to being in a box office,\" she says."
"\"It's not just about the identity of the person, it's about the way that the messages are being put out,\" he says."
"I don't know that I've ever been to it before, so I'm quite shocked and a bit concerned."
"\"We have to work for it, and that is one of the things we have to sort out in the year ahead,\" he said."
"It's going to take a while for the mix of content in the game to become great, but it's going to be pretty good."
"\"We didn't know what to expect- not expecting to beat anybody, just because we were expecting to lose,\" he said."
"It's the moment I will finally wake up and I will do what I love doing- I will fight for what is right."
"The phone is not on the table ; only a small black box that will enable you to connect your iPhone to the Internet."
"I just can't say enough good things about this team- and that is one of the things that will bring more attention to this game than this game in general."
"We're not worried about the time that he's off, just the fact he's been out there all day."
"'I don't want to stop but I want the girls to be involved in the treatment at a later date, to see how long they are in there,' she told the Daily Mail."
"He has been found guilty of \"a highly offensive act,\" and will be sentenced on December 4."
"At least three people were killed and more than 1, 000 others were injured in an overnight bomb attack in central Berlin on Thursday."
"The 19- year- old junior was in serious condition after being taken to hospital for treatment, according to police."
"A successful company of this size might seem like a problem- but that's because you're getting more and more things done."
"But the FA has repeatedly said that, because of a lack of formal rules governing such actions in the past, it had no idea how serious such charges were."
"\"There's so much of it that we don't know what to do and that's all we can do,\" he said."
"I think that has a lot to do with the fact that I have a positive attitude towards everything that is going on."
"The incident came less than two weeks after a 9 / 11 terror suspect, named only as \"George,\" appeared in court charged with killing an Air Canada flight crew member."
"At one point, Mr Osborne said: \"I don't think there's a problem with these homes."
"\"The new inquiry has been launched, and we are providing detailed information to those interested in what it is,\" the spokeswoman said."
"Most of the people I've spoken with believe that they will have lost contact with them from that incident."
"\"When I go to the station, you can't see my face, so I just go with my hand,\" he said."
"The single market, and the concept of the EU, is the only one which is keeping the one percent of the global economy at the back of our minds."
"The pair became involved in the market in late 2015 and came up with some very interesting ideas that were presented to them."
"The wait for a new contract on the minimum wage has already begun, according to the labour force figures released by the Government on Friday."
"You know, I'm not a good reason to drop out of college, so I don't think it's up to me."
"But it's the past couple of years that he has started to show us his game and we are looking forward to getting to know him and seeing his commitment to the club."
"I won't want you to get any stuff or anything that's going to give you a problem when you're taking them."
"If the government is the bad guy, that means they will be the bad guy in any war- a war that will have devastating consequences for the health of the people, for the environment, for the security of the state."
"'We have had opportunities to talk about anything in relation to addiction, I don't want to change the topic of this because it is still one issue and not enough to be talked about."
"One thing that matters to me is not that I was going to go through with it but that I had to make it and if I didn't, it was my fault."
"With a little more time, I think it'll be easier to get the job done,\" she said."
"All of us, in this time of uncertainty, think about these athletes and what they want to do for their careers and for the sport of basketball and for a lot of us."
"It's not only a massive job, it's really a massive challenge to make sure you don't miss out on a lot of these assets."
"I didn't think about it, not at all, because I don't believe he's going to be ready by Christmas."
"When I was 12 I was playing a tennis tournament in England but I was constantly getting my phones ring- no one would ever call me and it was a pretty big shock."
"You can see in the middle, that big first- half, that it is going to be so much fun."
"In this instance, it was highly unusual for her to follow the schedule and have an important role in an ongoing production."
"When you're an artist, you're asked to produce and you can't do that in a commercial sense."
"If you know someone who is going to have the surgery and is going to need it, you know what?"
"The 17- year- old was arrested on suspicion of failing to attend a party and driving while suspended, police said."
"However, the transition to the office would mean that Britain would be forced into a single, foreign currency market if there was a challenge in financial services."
"\"If I feel that way, I'm going to do whatever I can to keep people from going,\" she said."
"\"I have spoken to a lot of people who have lost their houses and the houses are gone,\" he says."
"One of the things we'd like to do is encourage people who are coming here to start doing things that are necessary for the future."
"The charity says that, although it does not give a figure for where it could be located, it does state that the charity estimates it could be located in Australia somewhere between three and six years."
"But at the same time, the share of Americans who say they've experienced or are in a relationship with someone with a history of depression increased by 5 points."
"When a customer \"has no right to the information,\" or access to it, you can ask them to stop."
"Police Scotland is investigating the driver of a car seen on CCTV as it rolled down a busy highway in south- west Scotland."
"The agency's controversial black- box monitor system has been a problem since it was introduced in 2005."
"We could be sitting in the Middle East and the fate of our world is a matter of our future, it could have a devastating impact on our young people."
"\"The only question is, how does this affect the age of the players, and they know what they're doing,\" said Mr Allen."
"When people come to vote and are aware of the fact they might be willing to lose their house, they will take action to prevent this happening to them."
"\"We're looking for people who are not in need of money but can afford to rent out,\" he said."
"He said:'There's more to come on the relationship between us, we've got a long, drawn out relationship and you can see the fans are really affected by the [ David ] Davis situation."
