"And if you're not working as hard as you should be, you should also be getting by on some basic income."
"It's important to feel at home in a positive environment, a work environment, and then you go to work in the morning and maybe don't get home until 8. 30."
"Since the end of 2014, a new two- year extension has been approved, at which point more teams would be allowed into the league."
"On Monday, a spokeswoman for the health ministry said the service would \"provide the necessary help for patients and staff that they need."
"It will be an exciting campaign and we are very proud to be a part of it and I know they are all very proud of it too."
"'He was clearly very tired and he didn't think he was going to be able to get up any more, so he was on his own."
"And she's been in the spotlight in this election year, but this is actually the way we run our country."
"She was the first person in the world to be killed on their own, in Kenya, on 22 October 1998."
"I will get up and get dressed and go back to work and it would be a great place to go,\" he said."
"It's been like the second game I got pulled into this tournament and I had to slow it down a little bit."
"And in the 70 days we're going to see the big picture, the products and services we're going to see, it's going to matter."
"I'm still just going through the process of getting there, but I'm happy to be here."
"\"One of the factors that will make this woman more successful,\" the star said, \"is she's attracted to those people."
"As things stand, if a bank doesn't know your name or your passport number, they can take it."
"What is happening now is that the safety net for those players is being pushed back from people who are not already suffering some significant injury."
"We have a lot of young players that are just struggling, and that's why we got us."
"He said: \"The footage from the four minutes of the shooting is extraordinary and they should be released to the public."
"On a visit to Washington, Trump said he would like to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border."
"I'll always remember the reality TV series on which the programme has never finished, and then in the next episode I will remember it completely."
"If he gets away with this, he will see the entire game, and he's going to want to be a part of it."
"Although she later said that she had no memory of how the incident ended, she said she was still dealing with what had happened in the film."
"It is only at this moment that we will be able to discuss our economic affairs as if we are in a real war."
"It is our job to see it through and understand what is happening and what should be done to try and calm things down."
"If she could have won I would have been surprised but I never expected to see this come through."
"My parents had been born in Kenya and it was my family's way of keeping in touch with the rest of the world."
"'They all got in the car and drove off- they had no idea who they were."
"I'd like to believe that this is going to be the last of this career, that's for sure."
"In January, it was revealed that the father- of- one, 39- year- old, had hidden his information from his children for nearly a decade."
"And I didn't want to sign the extra- long- term loan I signed for him but I did want to stay here."
"The rise of the open economy movement in the UK suggests a stronger risk of an economy \"defending itself \"than it thought it was."
"\"I think it's a fine line,\" said the former prime minister who now works as a special adviser to the White House and U. S. Trade Council."
"\"The team is still working through a few issues, but there are a lot of improvements,\" he said."
"A woman is pictured at her home in the South of England's south- west in this July 24, 2012 photo."
"In the second half of the second half we were in a gap but they just lost the ball and we couldn't get possession."
"A new study, the first of its kind, finds that teachers who are well- paid and who keep their top end are not as much at risk."
"We have to pay attention to what's happening around us, and what we hear, and that is around us."
"Trump's win means that the Republican Party now has a certain momentum in North Carolina, and that Clinton's momentum there is especially good."
"And while the ex- farmers might be grateful to the rest of the world for their growing seasons, they're more concerned about what may happen next."
"But we are going to say it is a race, and that the president and the vice president and all the other members of the establishment who are fighting it don't even know what it is."
"It was during a session of Republican political leaders in Florida last month that a high- profile, high- profile case of voter fraud was first reported."
"The car has been passed to a local and police have also issued an alert after a man was seriously injured while driving his car in the capital."
"\"A lot of times, you sit in that situation and it turns out that's not going to work,\" she says."
"She added: \"The father has had a long absence but I think he's all right because he is still alive."
"He said the video's success had been due in large part to the music itself, made famous by the success of the original, over which he had previously been paid."
"However, the prime minister has pledged to open up the UK to free movement of people from the rest of the EU."
"These are the types of questions I find most challenging and many of us simply don't know how to ask them."
"The ban has been blocked in Europe, where people could face up to three years in jail for \"inciting or encouraging terrorism,\" according to the country's interior minister."
"She said:'I will probably need to pay off a lot of debt, that's just the way things are right here."
"The fact that she's now running in her bid to become the next Chancellor of the Netherlands means that she will be getting the chance to share the national team."
"He added that Russia, Iran and other key allies of the Assad regime were seeking the most effective means of self- determination and international recognition."
"And we can't allow that to happen to some of our players because we've got a guy who's going to be our senior international next year."
"There's more to it than I ever expected, and I want to thank him for that and for everything that he has done for me and for the next generation."
"Because it's a smart- on- the- eye type of the game, it's getting the crowd on your side."
"I would love to win this, but if I don't win it, I will keep on staying in Scotland and I think that's what I want to do."
"He's going to be there until the end, but we're all excited."
"On a different level, it would seem that women in the United States are becoming more educated about diversity and equality."
"I'd like to think that we've got a system that makes it possible for a mother to do this without having to suffer through a day of holidays."
"When you have a break, don't forget to come back to work and start again."
"In every year since, there's been a number of significant changes in the way that we vote, and I think this year we did a little better."
"We are trying to get things right and I don't think anyone wants a repeat of what we've been through here."
"There is no way to even measure the risk of sexual activity on a train without being advised of the risk to health of it."
"It is something that almost all of the games he has been here in the last few years, we just hope that he can show more of a bit more of a character that he showed on the field with his goal."
"\"I would say no, because there's no way that'd be in this book,\" Murray told The Associated Press."
"The development of the science programme, which had been based in Cambridge, was prompted by the loss of commercial activities which allowed them to move to London."
"I want to hear more from the mayor and if I hear anything, I'll let you know."
"It is too early to see what impact the new legislation would have in terms of respect of migration, but the evidence is clear that it is nothing to do with migration."
"I always say to my mum when you are in hospital that I don't want to give you any more information."
"A spokesman for the Texas attorney general's office said in an email that charges were in the works and no arrests were being made, as previously reported."
"The video is not known to have been posted online and could not be immediately reached for comment."
"A long- time friend of mine was also able to give a real head- on account of his speed and also the slow mind."
"The odds were almost as high the day before that, to be sure, but it felt too good to be true."
"The number of college students without college degrees has risen from 8. 5 million in 2000 to 9. 3 million last year, the U. S. Department of Education said."
"By the time they came to find him, he had disappeared from sight and no one was able to find his body."
"We know that some young women who make the same mistakes as other women have to go through a process of development as well."
"There was a one- out, even if the team was 2- 2, in the third and fourth quarters."
"To create a final win on the road against a top- 10 team, it's going to be tough."
"We don't understand why someone who's famous and famous is not wearing a dress and going to a party."
"He'd be happy with the way he's playing so he knows that he has to be aggressive with the ball."
"'I can't think of any other way to do that,' Mr Davis told the news agency."
"It's a group who will have a hard time winning games, they haven't come through with their usual high standards."
"I wasn't scared, it was only just 10 minutes before and my parents wouldn't be,\" she said, adding that they hadn't considered the risk to themselves and the family."
"She was taking him for a ride in a private car when he died, with other passengers pulling out all the passengers."
"We are all sort of in shock, and he's like that, but then again we haven't had a medal until this year."
"It's definitely been a tough road, I've got to support the guys and the staff, I'm also starting to have some head trauma."
"\"There is still some way to go and there are too many issues with the subject in the middle of the decade,\" she said."
"The crew is working 24 hours a day, seven days a week, searching for a way to find the missing body."
"From 2009 to 2012, the number of fatal shootings across the city, including those involving officers, increased by 5. 9 per cent, with six officers killed and 33 wounded."
"This will help you determine where you can find the best place to park your car, and then plan where you might choose to park your new one."
"In the movie, one of the men talks to a couple who have had an affair and then must defend themselves from her."
"This comes as the medical body is trying to change the air pollution situation for the future, to allow women to remain at the center of the work."
"Police spokesman Steve Morgan said: \"There were numerous incidents including an officer being shot and a car in a busy street."
"All you need to do is take a couple of minutes to think about where you're standing in relation to the competition, and keep moving forward."
"There's a number of reasons for this, but we think it's important to focus on areas in which we can make an impact."
"At the moment, we're seeing so much success out here in the secondary but also on the ground."
"They're obviously a little bit different from what's in games in Europe, but I think he's a guy who can handle the heat."
"To have a chance to meet them, they need to have the right knowledge and the right experience in their fields."
"It's all about the sense of being on a mission and being there for them, and that's what I did."
"I know people know what's going on, but we're not going to let them see us taking care of each other."
"For those people who are determined to make a difference with their lives, your contribution is to help them be better."
"To this day, the family is not in contact with him, although they have often posted messages in the hope that they will see him."
"I want to say thank you to the people of the UK who have let me be, and I wish him all the success in his new role."
"And they have not got it yet, having moved from New York to Vegas before the former secretary of state was elected."
"She claims that she left her post and returned two weeks later after her employer fired her for \"inappropriate \"comments."
"The discussion was prompted by a petition signed by thousands of students who felt the initial announcement of the new list had disappointed."
"\"They have been successful in doing that, and they are now doing it in a way that they wouldn't have done in the past,\" he said."
"We decided that we were going to go out and play and that the season was already over and we had to get back to work."
"If you don't see the point, don't be the one who makes it easy to get in the car."
"\"This is what happens when people are caught up in society as a result of a decision made in a society,\" he said."
"People across the country, including parents, teachers and school officials, have come forward to report incidents of harassment or discrimination in the military."
"I hope I can put some distance between me and the fans and then I can move around a little bit more."
"That was in the course of about 15 minutes of trading on Thursday- a few short of the amount they were expecting."
"The injury had been a big blow for him as he had an eight- hit, nine- error game to begin the season."
"After that, I'm looking at investing my money into something more dramatic and more interesting than the Brexit negotiations I have."
"It was the same pattern that was observed in all three games- one of a long string of home victories over top teams."
"I just thought it was a terrible thing to do because if you don't do it, you end up with a very expensive lifestyle."
"But it is possible that we'll go back to a \"Brexit \"in the years to come, even though we don't know for sure how or whether we'll use our influence on the EU to get what we need."
"The show has been described as \"the best thing ever to be made in music,\" with music videos created and directed by fans."
"There is a fundamental question of our culture about how we should be held and the importance of having a role in it."
"It's just really important to remember that this isn't a loss for him, it's the defeat of Clinton."
"He said he thought a significant increase in attacks on gay people was on the increase but not in New York or anywhere else."
"What the people of Glasgow and Glasgow's arts scene need most, says the Glasgow Arts Council, is something else."
"It's really good to be on the back foot, because if you don't finish in the top five you are still in the top 10."
"The rules of the deal to stop the bank from selling at auction are clear: you cannot sell a single bar of stock at a private sale."
"We must listen to every voice we hear because it is our duty to protect our communities and our children from violence."
"'We will be speaking in the coming days to support those who were killed by these terrible acts of terrorism,' he said."
"To him, it's a lot like a suit- you don't know what you're going to get, then you go back up to it."
"But we were wrong to charge a membership fee of \u00a3 500- 500 for your standard membership when you could have paid it for \u00a3 500."
"He said: \"I am very happy with the result as we know it will be a very successful team but I need to focus on the club and on the players."
"The same is true for other products, such as those involved in the design of a family photo."
"In her book, she says the gang were \"one of the first \"to talk about \"the role they played in Britain's \"open- ended society."
"It was a good chance to catch someone that needed some practice and with the clock going to end up in the final ten minutes, that was huge for us."
"We've just got to get him down to the ground and get him out of here, and that's all that matters."
"However, he said that, due to the level of services available in schools, most schools had fewer students than expected."
"I know that [ girls ] just want to be in a life of their own, but when I see these new people I really want to be part of their life."
"\"It's going to be a good process, and hopefully it will lead to a higher level of competition,\" she said."
"The Russian government responded by setting up a new commission to help Russia and other nations address cyber attacks, the news service said."
"The number of women in Parliament has dropped to the lowest level since the late 1990s, and in the top 10 of official statistics in 2016."
"\"You don't have to be a politician to ask that question: What's happening with the overall picture and how we can fix it?\"she said."
"It's an interesting topic because it's part of the political debate in the country, but it's not a campaign issue, which is why I'm talking to you about it."
"\"The first thing we have to do is get the word out to other players and those other players need to know that if they don't want to go to Europe that it's not their decision,\" he said."
"I've never been to a high school where you can't watch the kids playing at that level."
"According to the Ministry of Defence, between 1. 1 billion and 2. 5 billion (3. 8 billion people) of Russian fighters are in eastern Ukraine."
"But I also think I would've liked to see the other nine players from that event be in the mix, because it is so much fun to watch."
"The vast majority of those said they would vote for Mr. Trump if he won the White House if he is elected president, and that they would support Mr. Kasich if he was elected president."
"The most crucial part of it, he said, is \"whether we have a structure and structure that can be put in place to sort out every case."
"I'm not sure what kind of person I am, but I don't feel like that's going to get me too far."
"The hospital said that it would be extended until early 2018, the day after the \u00a3 1 million grant was made."
"She added: \"It is important to understand that in most people's lives in the early stages of their families life is unlikely to be the best you ever hoped."
"There is no official figures on how many migrants are on the Greek islands, but it is estimated at least six, including women, children and pregnant women."
"On average, a 44- year- old woman would expect to spend $ 200 or more per year on food, but that number is only going to rise."
"There is the main thing: it doesn't have to be a good year for me as it could be quite a bad year for me too."
"To mark this, we're hosting two new shows, one of which will be on BBC One."
"The couple said that she would call to ask for help, but they had to get in contact with the government department in charge of communication channels and planning."
"Most people have to register before they can use their car, meaning they will likely want to remember to park before going out."
"Most of us don't know what we're doing and what we've done in a living, creative and professional life."
"The short- term business model has given an extra 25 per cent in sales to EU states and perhaps 15 per cent to the UK, he said."
"However, as the Belgian reported it would take time, the two brothers \"were able to enter a mobile phone with them,\" according to the report."
"He was a great player but he was a long way from his old self but he was great and we have to thank him for that."
"And he said that the only reason his son was able to get out on to the campaign trail was because he was trying to understand a political situation at the time."
"The statement added that five people had been arrested but declined to name the five others who were still at large."
"There are plenty of benefits to having children, which is a good reason to have kids, but there are a lot of women to deal with."
"She said: \"They just always came in, just so the fans would be on their way to see this."
"The Swedish government, which had been expecting the signing of the bill to start in January, said it would wait until the August meeting, when the other two partners from the other countries will also sign up."
"And he was really disappointed in himself, because he was a guy who was up there and not afraid of what was coming."
"According to the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, inflation in June fell to 0. 6 percent in the year ended June 30 from 0. 8 percent in the previous quarter."
"I will be proud of the role I have played in helping to bring the future London Games to life and I am proud to say that I will continue to do so."
"\"I do think that the first round of play against them will be really hard because you never know how the game will play out,\" he said."
"\"He's doing it in a way that really, really has no chance of happening, but that's what he wants to do,\" Brown said."
"I hope I'm OK with that because that's what it is, it's what's happened."
"\"That was quite an extraordinary thing to have happen, and I just wanted to thank my team and everyone who went through that and what a great achievement,\" he said."
"He is a special player, for sure, but he is a very, very professional player, and you never really know what you're going to get out of him."
"We've had to work with a tough diet and certainly we haven't had a proper night's sleep, so I can't imagine being the first one."
"There is no one- way street that will give you the best chance of winning but we are very confident we can win there."
"The couple shared a secret relationship after Mr. Obama proposed the child- planning initiative, and their current child of 21 was born, according to The Associated Press."
"Last night, a fourth man allegedly shot in the neck before being shot dead was later identified as a resident of the apartment."
"I saw a white Russian woman and her friend and I said,' You are crazy,' so I asked her to sit next to me."
"\"This will also enable us to do more research into the patterns of work and the level of risk we face,\" the report adds."
"The Obama administration said the decision to use nuclear weapons in the Asia- Pacific region \"has not changed \"the United States'strategy on the matter."
"She's a great president, but the problem with a Trump presidency is that he's got a big problem with Wall Street."
"This season we've had three straight seasons of consistently high revenue with a $ 1 billion loss."
"We will do what is best for the city and the city's future and the best way to do that is to listen to the community."
"There's no control over the amount of money you spend on an activity, and you can limit your spending by using a strategy you don't like."
"\"I can't even describe the kind of pain I had and the thought of seeing your parents when they were dying,\" she wrote."
"It's unclear exactly what the government is going to do with the emails, or how many Americans will be affected by them."
"The 42- year- old's \"outlaw girlfriend said:'We are not asking for help ', he was told."
"'I don't think it's quite a different thing, though,' she added with a laugh."
"If you want to get the experience and connect with fans, to be with them, we'll have a very good football team and a very good squad,\" he said."
"The idea is to force people to eat their vegetables if they are less happy and more stressed about the food they're eating."
"There are definitely good chances that a vaccine is going to come out in the next few years, but I don't know if there's going to be anything."
"Mr Johnson, who is from a rural south- east London family, revealed the club had asked him to do so, and he did, but he had to change his mind."
"It was part of a seven- year inquiry which concluded there was an \"at- risk \"pattern of child sexual abuse."
"If your taxes haven't fallen, think about the next two weeks and see what you're actually spending on other expenses."
"He told CNN: \"I've had a long career in business, you know, as a general manager, and I've been very successful with them."
"When the sun sets, it's hard to know what to expect, but he's not concerned about it."
"On Sunday, Mr Trump faced criticism after he was asked about a tweet he posted as he set off for a campaign rally in Cleveland."
"When I speak to the players, they tell me I am very much a leader and that I work hard every day."
"These cases are reported to police but often involve young people and are thought to have been committed by members of the opposite sex."
"All signs point to Trump's hand of the barrel in the primaries but they don't reflect the behavior of the electorate."
"The first step in that process would be to obtain relevant documents from the relevant bodies that are recognised by the European Commission."
"In its first half, the company's operating profit increased 0. 7% to $ 1. 1 billion from $ 1. 5 billion a year ago."
"The year will see the parties'vote on the EU referendum on June 23, with the result announced this week."
"A joint statement from the United States and Russia said it would continue to use air power against Syrian government air targets in support of a ceasefire."
"\"We really have to be prepared, we need to be prepared,\" he said, adding that he had been informed of the investigations by the ministry."
"That she didn't even know that for what it was like to be a black, white, American woman who does not get to live in the same communities."
"An estimated 200, 000 people from 27 countries have joined the school and some 40, 000 teachers are in the camp."
"\"It's something that I had to have myself and I just had to watch it through,\" said Allen."
"The Home Office today revealed that in all of 2015, the country was the most successful country in the EU for making freedom of movement."
"I think the major positive thing for me is having him back in training and obviously I will have been there over the last two months."
"When the two sets of shots were close in the first period, it was really tough to stop them."
"\"It's a good thing to get down on a knee and it's all about getting your body right,\" he said."
"In a statement, the academy says that it \"fully supports and supports all victims of sexual violence \"and has worked with police in investigating the events of last year."
"In London, the figures for September- which start just before Christmas- show a nearly six- per- cent fall in local employment."
"The study also found that consumers at risk of obesity have a slightly higher risk of dying from heart disease than those with a normal weight."
"A young man is dead and an older man is seriously injured in a collision which caused heavy traffic to collapse across the city."
"The office could be a success if it can address all of the policies that had not been in effect by the time the deal was signed."
"The University of California, Santa Cruz, noted that it did not have access to an annual budget."
"However, the one thing we can say is we're not going to change anything on our website, just as we do what we have to do in the UK."
"The same people who'd have thrown me into a pool should say that a crowd is not worth supporting and would not send a message."
"I've been looking for that idea for a while, but he hasn't shown it yet."
"I think if they had just come here to talk football, I think there would be no problem with them."
"That is the winning entry point to the thing we can't even begin to get to: the diversity of men and women."
"I've known him since we first met in 2011, when he was a student at the University of London."
"They put up numbers on their ad for the \"perfect shoes \"that would be easier to wear when they were in school."
"By last month, about 8, 000 people had fled the camp, mainly as refugees from Syria and Iraq, while at least 50, 000 were reported killed."
"The forecast for the markets last month was that they were in a good start, with low oil prices in the Middle East and emerging markets becoming more and more popular."
"We're not running away with it, we are not arguing over what to do with it, we are going to protect it."
"There is nothing wrong with that but I don't know of any study of the survey people who have to be posted and see how many comments people have made."
"The fact that this patient has been well- supported for a very long time is incredible."
"The figures don't include claims made by senior doctors to the union in response to Mr Hammond's comments."
"But it is not impossible, and it would require very little effort by the Syrian government to achieve in the near term, to be found."
"He was not at home in the early hours, the police said, and didn't know anyone at the scene."
"But I thought we had a lot of players, so I'm not sure what he's going to do as far as our midfield."
"I think we're a little bit too simple for the average person to understand when I say'I don't think we've got a great scheme for refugees."
"Mr. Clinton also declared her commitment to the Democratic Party in her campaign ad, but it did not mention her commitment to the party."
"They can earn hundreds of millions in the next few years, but they're not a trade for someone who wants to be on the world stage."
"He said: \"I just got back from an afternoon cycling trip and this was the first time I've ever experienced the taste of this."
"It's going to be good and it's going to be good with everybody in the stadium, especially in the morning."
"'It's a big game- especially after last night's results- where the result will be, it's better for the players."
"Since the plane's departure from Miami International Airport it has been taken into care of by Florida Department of State Fire Services."
"It is an error to expect that they will be as the world knows them,\" he said in a statement."
"\"I think he will be the one person we ask who will make the decision, who will ask a question,\" he said."
"While this was clear from the data, the number of children who would be in the programme for an average of three years or more was also higher than the rates of children in the program for all the participants."
"That year it was estimated to be between $ 20, 000 and $ 250, 000 to host the Olympics, but just over $ 150, 000 in tickets."
"\"I never give myself as much time as other people give, I just like to do it now,\" she added."
"They told me I should be really proud of my job, and then I told them it was all just in my head."
"While many are scared of the future, they also worry that this means they will never find out what they are doing until they become adults."
"I came here, and I didn't think I could be here the way I'm playing this year, so I let it go."
"There are two things you can do with your free agency: sign a long- term contract and go somewhere else."
"In a video posted by The Sun on Thursday, the 46- year- old said she didn't know if her alleged victim had been abused."
"You are the best example of something that happened to a teenage girl who went through so much and it was considered the worst thing that could happen to her."
"He never played a defense in his career and this was his final season there, but he did a lot of things with the New York Giants."
"The incident on the island is the latest in a series of public attacks in the last few days which have been linked to the company."
"This year, some of the largest companies in the UK are planning a \"big surprise \"as they prepare for the biggest ever Scottish general election."
"It was more difficult to carry on to the Premier League as he was a Liverpool fan so he's a big part of that."
"The report, which was released just days before the launch of the band's new album, will be released on November 18."
"\"We have a responsibility to them to ask themselves, what am I doing wrong?"
"The EU will not accept refugees- it has no intention of accepting them or making them refugees- but we are not going to run from our issues."
"It's a great reminder that if you don't make them in Italy, it's only because you don't find them at home."
"The shooting was one of the most serious incidents in the state's history involving an officer on duty, said a State Police spokesman."
"\"There's a lot more pressure, there's a lot more people thinking to themselves: \"I'm not going to have this conversation,\" \"she said."
"It's no accident that Clinton earned $ 2. 7 million in 2015, with an average of $ 7, 200."
"He was not on trial and that is fine but what he did was he took a life and left nothing in it."
"The court is not set to hold any hearing until the next scheduled hearing in June, but a full trial is scheduled for late next year."
"The most significant and more immediate impact of the moves, however, is the driver of the pound's fall, from a high of about 90 cents in late October."
"The operation was put on hold until the next meeting of a council of MPs, which will be held next week."
"It is a lot more complicated than that, because I am playing it well and I feel like I can play better now."
"However, \"at the time we were looking at this contract we were having problems with it and we were looking at going into the next level in terms of growth,\" he said."
"'When I came back to see her I had a panic attack- I was in shock at what I had just seen."
"He would have been a real asset for me but I would have said I'd come out later, but I had to make it very clear that the whole point was that I'm here and I'm just a part of it."
"He has spent the last six weeks of the year with the defence in almost perfect form, his team scoring six goals in five games in two tries."
"\"When we're right back from one to five, we need to get as many of those plays out and that's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"When we get the video together, it will be great, and the people will be excited, because we are doing a documentary about the economy,\" he said."
"There's just so much to do and it's just the fact that I'm looking for anything that makes me feel like a part of this."
"That's even though we're well in the middle of season three so we can't even begin to imagine the development of the season ahead."
"And with more than 200 million members across the world, we have a huge and diverse service which can benefit thousands of people every day."
"On a personal level, I will admit I have not taken time off from football and I am happy with my life."
"When I was asked if I could play at an event, I would make a couple hundred, the point being that I would be at the same place in the crowd."
"If you tell the woman that you want to stay here, then it's hard, it's even harder for her to know that she's not alone."
"She can't make the cut on the day, so she says the appointment is a matter for Mr Obama's family."
"\"This might be the most important thing for the United States to do in the post- Brexit world,\" said Mark Wilson, head of the Institute for National Policy Research."
"\"I'd been thinking this might be a couple of the girls that I knew in the group,\" he said."
"I didn't feel that I had a responsibility to express myself in a negative way, to be somebody that would be wrong in a negative way, but at the same time a person with experience."
"She also could not be reached for comment on what changed, how long the contract was in effect, or the time when the team had left the airport."
"When he left his wife and two children with his children, Tony was caught driving without a license, and was fined \u00a3 150."
"It's not a question of the game either way, because we can play the same game on Tuesday night,\" he said."
"He can play with a lot of those in the middle and it doesn't matter what position he is in."
"A woman told how she was in a taxi in Paris when she got out of a taxi and fell to the ground."
"We have taken steps to encourage doctors to be more responsible in their role, we are also working to develop and strengthen guidance for staff on how to help patients."
"She is not only an extraordinary athlete, she is a brilliant young woman who has helped us all get the recognition we deserve."
"\"We know that we have to be aware of the risks and what can be done if someone does or becomes ill or is hurt,\" he said."
"In fact, since taking office in January, Mr. Erdogan has imposed new restrictions on women and children, including a ban on women driving under the age of 16."
"The law would apply to charges of failing to pay income taxes on overseas profits, and those charges would be reduced in certain tax cases."
"He added: \"I know the game is played, but people don't know what's going to happen next."
"People who have had surgery for their medical conditions will have to have the operation, but should it be successful, the young woman says."
"It is a personal decision, and I am disappointed with the behaviour of the people I have met, but at the same time I feel the experience of being with this club has given me a great education."
"We would have to believe for a couple of years before we even saw a car, but there is absolutely no sign of it."
"But we have also had a number of injury calls and injuries in Europe, and I just can't do that any more."
"In her speech, Ms May said she had been in touch with Mr Johnson's team as they looked to look at the potential for a compromise."
"Now, just a month after the Olympics came to a close, the Olympic dream is dead and gone, making its way into the minds of millions."
"I guess the next step will be to get my life back on track, just to keep going and hopefully build on the first round."
"When you're creating your own game, you're making sure you're making sure the people who play the game are happy."
"Clinton's closest rival, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, spent nearly a half hour campaigning in the state, from June 2 to July 7."
"If it's not, you're not going to get the message across that it's going to be easy to jump the ship and get picked off."
"\"I don't have to know what's going on and I'm not coming up with an answer to those questions,\" he said."
"At the same time, however, you have to understand that only what you get for your money is good for others."
"I feel I'm coming to a place that will be able to support me in whatever I'm going through."
"It's not the first time in American history that women have gone head- to- head in a race."
"The number of people who lost their jobs was up 12 per cent in the five months to September, while the number of jobs with an unemployment rate of 8 per cent or lower rose by 44 per cent."
"This is one of the things I'm really keen to be able to tell my teammates in a week's time."
"\"So we have got to be clear that we will not take it, either in terms of her life or her future,\" he said."
"A joint investigation has been launched into the attack and the officers are appealing for anyone with information to contact officers and witnesses."
"It was another instance of Corbyn taking the stance that he did not want to be part of the conversation when he's been in the debate."
"The foreign secretary said he would hold a similar meeting with the president- elect next week and the next day to discuss the ceasefire agreement."
"The two economies are also fighting to secure a deal to send more workers to China, Mr Lewis said."
"When I did get a good piece of work on me in 2014, it took six months, because my foundation is running out of money."
"If you've got the big guns or something, you're probably not going to get a lot of attention."
"\"I could see people standing up, and the officers were standing up, and there was a fire going on,\" he said."
"If I get back on track and can prove to myself and my family that I can step up and play, then I'll see if that's the case."
"But the New York Times has said Trump is \"not completely out of the political game \"as Democrats see it."
"But one of the chief findings of the study is that people who would not normally be considered fit by the NHS also use NHS drugs."
"But the win had made no sense to me, and that is where my mother and I had to battle for every second."
"It has been six weeks since Jones left a final at Edinburgh's N. I. C. Hall for the Glasgow practice and he has not returned."
"The biggest issue facing Germany today, in the market is the race to get its best players."
"He was caught again two years ago, the first time he was caught using a mobile phone in action, with a catch- 21 and two warnings."
"It is difficult to see how the campaign could be tied up in any other way, so I think the timing of this will be important."
"Two- thirds of them said they were \"very concerned \"over the report, with two- thirds saying they \"didn't know how big a deal it was,\" as well as one- fifth \"not concerned \"about it."
"There is no need to build a bridge, nor to ask how to build a bridge or to search for a place to build a bridge."
"It's really, really bad and I'm not going to back down from that because I don't know what happened at that time."
"It is good for me to have been able to enjoy my time in town but I would like to think I am enjoying a good life here."
"We're still working out how it all got to this, but right now we're enjoying ourselves and it's a happy time."
"The boss of the most successful club in the world has asked for a serious public inquiry into his behaviour."
"If I do get that chance, I'd like to think I've done a good job here, and we'll see what happens."
"I think that when you read some of the accounts of what was really going on, they were emotional, they were emotional and they made you want to get out of the house."
"For each person who has been diagnosed with the condition, a spokeswoman said: \"We are taking a high standard approach in treating them."
"\"I think our focus is on the challenges we face, and what we're doing to move the team forward,\" she added."
"The contract was reportedly approved at a rate of \u00a3 1. 1- a- month, but by mid- 2013 there had been \"no decision on the length of the contract,\" the company said."
"I always thought it was important to have a voice in things as people were trying to tell themselves to stop."
"A spokesman for the state pension authority told the Guardian this week that, while it would expect to earn a higher rate than that of the City, the full- year rate will remain the same, at 0. 75 per cent."
"It's as though there are only two options- and the former is to return for a third season or replace Davies."
"Last year, more than 1, 500 women and girls were killed in Syria and nearly 4, 000 were wounded, according to UN figures."
"\"This is why it has been impossible to really put a name to the series, because it was the year before I went to school,\" she said."
"The opening of the charity's new studio in the west of the city is the first time in the history of the fund."
"So while we are doing the best we can in our own, we cannot, in the modern world, risk ourselves- and if we do, we will lose."
"I don't know if it's just about a mental illness, I have been through it a long time and it just seems more and more of a normal part of being here."
"We had some power, and we'd take control, but we didn't have control of the water, and we still had it."
"A warning in the state- run press accounts that the US plans to extend its diplomatic protection for the port by up to two years."
"He still looks a year older and they both feel like they're getting older than they usually do, he said."
"\"I want to thank the hundreds and thousands of volunteers that have done this for me,\" the 63- year- old said on Facebook."
"The single biggest test of the relationship between American people and politicians has been whether they accepted the evidence that the president is a man."
"\"We're really all for each other, but there are times when you can be more on the ball and less on the pitch,\" he added."
"Some 12. 8 million people, including around a quarter of Brazil's population, are registered to vote this year."
"I'm still feeling pretty happy right now, and I've got a few things on my plate and a few off to do."
"\"I said to him, \"What do you know about me?\"she said."
"With few games left until the regular season begins on Monday, the Cubs took a step closer to their fourth- round playoff hopes."
"\"You see a lot of people leave for high- speed travel when they are trying to get around,\" he says."
"They just feel like they've got to protect him, so they're like if I didn't protect him I'm never going to get away with it."
"She said:'They take advantage of women, they've got sex appeal and they've got a lot of what's coming out in the industry."
"This makes me think that, just a little bit, if we could get some answers to things, then maybe we can do something good."
"In a report last week, the state's health board declared it is over, as a result of the original plan being struck down."
"I think his personality will work for a while but it will probably come out in a couple of years time."
"The season opener is March 15, but there will be five games before that, starting with a two- week break."
"This election is the next election where you have to be prepared for the possibility that the stuff about you isn't going to come true."
"For many years, the policy was that police officers would be charged with a crime, or, if they didn't have a warrant, arrested."
"\"We're seeing that in the trade sector, where the big banks are going to be looking to get their money,\" he said."
"The man, believed to be one of those arrested in connection with the June 24 shooting, was released from jail and is on bail for another day."
"They will be the most important thing they have done for us, but we cannot go back to what we had before and we must learn to live in this environment."
"At the beginning of the year we wanted the public to know that we're doing this to help our communities."
"\"We are all supposed to have a beautiful wedding because it's the last time we have a child,\" she said."
"'They don't think it's the big picture,' said Scott, who had walked out of the hall of his home several years ago."
"\"I've been working hard on it, so it's not the greatest song, but I do get people to try to listen to it,\" he said."
"\"It's really good to know you're not alone,\" she said, adding: \"We don't know who's in the room."
"Now that he's on track to meet Clinton in Philadelphia, the billionaire's lead in that group will grow even larger."
"The United States joined the bloc in this year's summit, and the six countries in which it hosted agreed to try to resolve the issue."
"However, several sources close to him have told The Independent he has already begun moving towards taking his own career route."
"We want to be clear- that's not what this is about, it's not about the EU,\" he said."
"If you're interested in our relationship to your phone, there's no reason to keep it."
"He said that it was like this earlier on in the year- I was in the bedroom, we were both in a rush and we didn't know what to do."
"You've got a crowd of people who haven't seen the show for about a year, and it's going on a lot on the streets."
"The Ohio governor was seen arriving at the airport with other state officials to address protesters and offer his own thoughts on the issues."
"\"If the authorities don't get involved, the last thing we want is for violence to continue,\" he said."
"It is an example of how, on the one hand, the courts will have a voice, but on the other hand there will be plenty of people who will feel the same way."
"He tried to make his way back to his own property with the dogs but was stopped by police who arrested him for a third time."
"They are set to have a finals run, so you've got to look at that and plan it."
"Of course, we are not thinking too much about it and our conversations will get a little bit more on the edge."
"I feel like when we have a bigger presence we'll have more people coming, and I feel like the best team will be based in Atlanta."
"In most places, either a 3% rise in unemployment or a 2% rise would produce a shock shock ; in some places the shock would be as big as 25%, and in some places it would be as small as 20% or 30"
"A new analysis says Brexit may be worth a lot of money to British companies, which had hoped for less."
"It's about what a person thinks they know, what they hear, what they read, what they look at."
"'I was one of those people who, in terms of being honest with myself, I wasn't,' he said."
"The Labour Party is calling for the return of the country's biggest bank to the UK after having a \u00a3 200 million loss."
"You could put him out on the market, but the team was also aware he would probably come in for a fee."
"This is not the first time Turkey has tried to clear its borders in recent years, but the controversial decision was considered controversial by many and even celebrated by the state."
"The women say it was really a battle for them to find the right price, so they are now planning a second one."
"\"This is obviously very disappointing because we've really had the right opportunity to go over to the shop with him, we've got good connections, he had a very good experience and he will be a great support for the club,\" said the"
"The Blues have their own problem of a group that is giving up so much and there are people who are saying let's just keep doing it."
"He is confident the referendum will be an opportunity for Scotland to feel, and act, \"more like England \"in the years ahead."
"They also ranked the 16 teams in the N. H. L. regular- season for the past 18 years, so it's hard to say what they'll be."
"They are obviously facing a lot of pressure, but it's not about playing them all."
"I'm not going to stand up to Hillary Clinton, because she's a fraud."
"Those who paid for a house were more likely to be African American, and those who paid for a car were also more likely to drive."
"They said she was told the woman had \"a history of mental health issues \"that prompted them to search her home."
"The agency, which is not involved in social issues, has been advised not to comment further until an internal review is completed."
"As the head of the European Parliament's top security committee, he is also the chief person of cooperation between the EU and Turkey."
"It's an exciting time to be a team and we want to win as many games as we possibly can, but to be in a position to have the opportunity is huge and exciting."
"The Department of Health also had its own proposal- a major improvement on the current system- to deal with problems at treatment centres."
"The cost of living is likely to increase, too, the paper argued, but it did so mostly for people who need less help."
"He added: \"There's a lot of resistance to take it off, but it's still a huge asset to my game."
"It's really a shame because we had a good line- up for last year, so I think this year will be the best, if not the best."
"'This happened before my mother and I were born, so the line is there for anyone who wants to speak up,' he says."
"But not the outside world as it is, with Syria and Yemen as the only safe places for civilians to come in contact."
"The party, which was founded in 2007, is one of the parties most strongly represented in Scotland's political landscape."
"I can't say that I think he's a perfect candidate for the presidency, but I think he has got to be someone that someone will keep on bringing in Republican voters."
"At the same time, you've got to take a lot of time for it to come around and actually make a difference."
"\"We never did a really good job and when we took a hit we'd change it,\" Roberts said."
"\"They were given off the coast because they've lost them at sea, so the number of off- the- coast attacks on the coast have increased,\" he says."
"There is a mass, community of survivors of terror- one in five of our young people have come forward to report it to us."
"A friend who had seen her briefly in the city last year posted on Twitter that she was suffering from the trauma of her brother's death."
"At the same time, when it comes to discussion, there is always one person who always gets in the way."
"If we don't give him the proper security, it will be impossible to meet him because of his injury."
"Clinton's campaign, which has spent millions of dollars on TV ads and social media, said on Thursday that it had a separate team with $ 100 million in cash on hand to help finance the campaign."
"The Ministry of Defence said it had identified about 200 people, including 11 children, as likely victims of the attack."
"\"We've got some good weapons, but you know what, it's our job to try to defend,\" he said."
"There is a gap between them and what the research shows- a gap I don't think there is- and they could live with a whole lot more."
"In France, police found guns on Wednesday and on Thursday, at least two shootings involving officers in connection with a knife- and gun- related arrests."
"\"They've got to protect the town and town should be protected in case they want to go into China,\" he said."
"I am sure everyone knows that the election process is not good and I hope the next government understands that."
"The victims had been travelling in a car with two men, aged 17 and 21, who were reported to have committed another offence, but had not been identified."
"The crowd was emotional as most of the photos were taken between 2: 45 p. m., when the doors were closed, and 4: 30 p. m., when the doors were opened again."
"\"All the information that we have and the information that we have received over the years, we are going to release for them today,\" he said."
"You have to think about what the actual violence looks like before you open it up and you need to take it into consideration."
"A woman is survived by two young children and the man has been arrested after a car crashed into a tree on the road near the hotel."
"It's not the same with a man you spend a lot of time with every single day and he's not going to take any more than he's going to put in."
"It is not easy to say the best kind of football when you are already involved in many matches."
"The experience was a huge boost, and it has led to more women's participation in the industry."
"That's not an argument of every female, but men should all be encouraged to get married after their baby is born."
"In the United States alone, more than 20, 000 people have been killed by drones over the past year."
"But every day I was too afraid to go back to work because my parents refused to take my money."
"The business will pay for itself, but will not get any interest on the credit it has earned and therefore no guarantee that the investment will last."
"And yet there's still a lot of wrong with the treatment that I need to get better."
"\"I don't know what he's going to do, but he might be [ in ], and if he can help it'll be better,\" he added."
"\"We don't know how this is going to work out,\" he said, adding that he'd expect it to be a mixed bag."
"Just because he can't have that's not bad because they're giving him less and less."
"But in order to get to that point, I think we need to do more, but that is what we are going to do."
"It is only the thing that is in my blood ; there is no other thing I can put on the table to prevent that."
"The team, however, said the pilot model should not be implemented unless it can be demonstrated to the customer."
"However, the latest study found that women can be confident in their ability to have their sexual development recognised by their partners."
"\"The United States is with you on the issue, we will stand with you and we will work with you in that regard,\" she said."
"That's all there is, but the numbers should give you a sense of how much is being spent on this project."
"Some have had more than one friend-- or multiple friends or family members-- with them in the past few weeks, according to a police report."
"He is also expected to meet his lawyers this week in the hope of finding a fair hearing, and yet no record of his original application has been found."
"He's one of the league's best guards and he is an asset to the team and it's only the right decision for the team and this young man."
"With just over two weeks left, we have a 15- point deficit and we don't know where we stand."
"Although the party is still in a state of public crisis, David Cameron is facing a government backed by business leaders, and millions of voters who don't want to see the pound go up."
"He had thought that if he had done it without saying what he'd done, people would not believe him."
"I will use this as an opportunity for education and research and I would never encourage them to use this as the basis for any other decision."
"One woman said:'I'm not going to be able to afford a house in Melbourne with a few properties in the city."
"After the election, Ms Merkel said \"the asylum seekers \"had been \"overcome \"by the government's economic policies and \"the need for action on immigration is now clear \"by October next year."
"A man has died after he was stabbed on a busy street in south- east London, a police spokeswoman said."
"He must have gone to a school, but never to work- the air he had to blow in was so bad that no one would even try to catch him."
"Of those, about 500- 500 are eligible to apply for open access, while 10, 000 of them are allowed to apply for it only if they meet a six- month waiting period."
"But to be able to be able to work and to work, I think that's a lot easier."
"It's a sad state of affairs for him and his wife but you know what? we are friends too, he is getting married again."
"It is a severe blow to the economy and it means that thousands of jobs will be lost and will be the best value for money."
"There were two cases of injury in the first year of the trials, but no one reported any of the six injuries being fatal."
"\"We are on top of this issue and have to get better at dealing with the problem,\" she said."
"If you want a more detailed look at this, we've set up a three- year forecast."
"After meeting this year with the President of France, I believe it is vital that we get to know each other better."
"There's no doubt the early performance figures are great and I think what we are trying to do is build on what we've been doing for the last couple of weeks."
"I know what I'm going to do tomorrow and I know we're going to have a big game for this season and obviously you've got to make them happy."
"She said: \"We need to acknowledge that no Scottish school has a solution to dealing with the culture of teaching and learning that we all need."
"\"I'm certain that there is a crowd to pay attention to and you will see an improvement in the performance of our men,\" he said."
"But it was the biggest of the season and we've been out of it for the first three rounds so we knew we'd have to find out."
"With the recent success of social media, it's not surprising that the smartphone and video game industry seems to have opened up."
"It is also so wrong that the only answer I can offer is to assume that we will leave the single market."
"But that was before the digital era, which took off thanks to the explosion of social media, and it's made it easier for artists and others to create."
"The main measure of where the war is taking place, said a U. S. official, was how the government of President Bashar al- Assad was handling the issue."
"A few of the songs on this show are actually pretty good, but it's great when they are in your face."
"Trump's business would have to make $ 5. 4 billion a year, the chief executive said, while the vast majority of his other income would go to pay for his personal expenses."
"There's a good chance you have some kind of drama to work with the whole staff, and that's the point we try to make sure to set the right tone."
"A pregnant woman who uses her foot to drive through a busy road on the way to work may develop an infection, a study has suggested."
"It is said the quality of the fashion was the main issue, and today's shoppers, dressed in black and white, will find the space quite comfortable."
"The move was an attempt to improve the NHS, but Mr Cameron wanted to get around the NHS budget problem by setting up a special fund to finance such a move."
"After the three members of the club are arrested, they will be fined and sentenced to one year in prison."
"The 36- year- old- who appeared in one episode of the series- has since been taken to hospital in a stable condition."
"This is the first time the record has been dropped in Scotland and it's an important achievement for the city's identity."
"From 2013 to 2015, the top income tax rate was 35 percent in Hawaii, 40 percent in South Dakota, and 40 percent in Florida."
"If the people we would work with to prepare and train with us are not strong enough, then we have a fundamental problem."
"\"There is a video clip out, but the point of it is we are in a video game,\" he said."
"However, \"this is not a little argument, it's a very important issue- and the outcome is very bad for the Scottish economy."
"It's quite clear in this campaign that we want to find a new kind of Tory,\" he said."
"An hour- and- a- half- long speech on the show's first season was broadcast on the second day of the new season."
"\"We have to show our care and attention to the most vulnerable patients in this world, and the community at large,\" he said."
"However, at the same time it's very important for children to learn that when things aren't being done right, there is a real danger of disaster."
"He came on to me before the first game and said that he'd been in contact with her since the first game and he didn't really see her until the second game."
"If we do take the statement seriously, then the investment from this country will benefit the future generations and the people of this country,\" he said."
"And then if you can pick one of your favorite artists, and you can hit them on the second or third record, you have an advantage,\" she added."
"The home market hit its lowest point in nearly a year and the drop in oil prices comes as the Reserve Bank of Australia looks to strengthen its support for the economy and the currency."
"An inquest is due to be held on Monday, but is too early to say when the cause and manner of death would be known."
"\"I'm not going to give up without a fight, but I've been here in four years and there are a lot of people in my family that have that sort of experience."
"\"The [ playoff ] season is going to be even stronger than that, but I'm already over that,\" he said."
"It can be tough but we are in a very good position and as far as we are concerned it's always about the race."
"We were not even having any conversations in which we asked her to change her shoes because she looked better in them."
"The initiative is being supported by the International Development Agency (IDA), which is responsible for promoting economic development in the North Sea."
"If he's a guy who makes the final for the team, I don't think he's been that consistent."
"He says \"the chances of him getting in there and scoring some goals are less than 90 per cent \"of the time, particularly on the counter- attack."
"He was followed by a small group of people, many of them still working, and by a few at the park, who eventually left to get their cars."
"As I said to the local press- \"how much money do you have on offer, did you know?\"and if you have one on offer, you have to offer it."
"It's not the only place where this has been filmed, though, since the London 2012 Olympics in 2011."
"The letter came from a member of the private equity team and has been expected for a number of months."
"In fact I think they have beaten him twice now, and they were at home when he won."
"'I told them that if you ever think something you don't like, you are going to have to make a change,' he said."
"But if you do, you will still have no voice, you will still have no voice, and we will try to build something, to grow and you know, as you are growing you are also growing against your will."
"\"The [ way she said ] I could be thinking,' I'm having a baby,' is like my pre- pregnancy expectations,\" he said."
"That may be partly because of the women who still earn less, according to the latest figures from the Department of Work and Family."
"We won't know until then, but I don't have a choice because I will not be able to leave this place."
"I think they should be on hold for now- they don't even have to enter into a contract."
"On a more serious note, Trump's proposal to cut out federal spending on programs in support of students is raising concerns in Washington."
"\"It's hard for a manager to work through so many different injuries and it's something you need to work through if you want to be successful,\" he said."
"He said:'I've just never seen them fight in front of their peers so it's so hot here."
"Another personal friend, a resident of the house, said she was told by the man to move out and wait for the ambulance to arrive."
"But the fact is, for those who want the best for themselves, there is a link between having two children and the same mood and behaviour."
"The map that he took, it appeared, was a map showing the last state in the United States of America where there was no single winner."
"The couple also refused to say where the girl's body was taken and the next day she was found by the police."
"I wouldn't want to work with the government for three weeks if they weren't willing to listen to what I'm doing."
"The average distance between my legs was just over six miles, which is almost one- and- a- half miles a day."
"The property owner's official told the report that they had been told by the West Coast fire department they could save $ 20, 000 by removing the debris."
"\"What's also interesting is that we still have an economic relationship with Cuba,\" Clinton said during a recent visit."
"What people who normally love a good artist really love is what they are created to do and the situation we have in this country has created opportunities for artists to go through."
"They are found in many sports and it's up to the players to determine what is in their lives."
"And while the film- production boom has been a boost for Hollywood, it's likely to be a bit of a rough time for the big screen."
"In fact, the company had estimated by the time the meeting ended last month that sales would fall 11 percent from a year earlier, a loss of more than $ 3 billion."
"A Perth man is facing up to a year in prison after a group of family members took him to hospital for treatment after he became ill with the condition."
"I wasn't thinking that we would come here and break a record and say, \"This is what we have to do."
"But if that's a way of getting the wrong impression of what the project is about, that's something that we'll not be interested in."
"Most of these were veterans, many of whom worked in the coal industry for the mining giant for hundreds of years, and some were veterans, too."
"He noted that he already has a contract to play for India in the next couple of years and it's good for him to play for the one club in the country."
"\"I want to thank them because they are so much more than just friends,\" said the 34- year old."
"But, as is very likely with most types of other contact sports, these kids could develop chronic side effects if they get on a team with poor guidelines."
"\"There are lots of things that have happened and we need to get the proper response from the authorities,\" he added."
"'It's not easy to stay so low- paying when there are so many people trying to put up with you, especially when you're aged 25,' he added."
"For every person, I find that they don't even have a single thought in their head, and they cannot even begin to think about their own life."
"I've been here for five years and it's always been what it was: the highlight of it all."
"If the Ministry of Defence can come up with an all- human replacement for the current machines, the vast majority of their employees will be hard- working citizens."
"Those in the highest positions would win out, with roughly one- third of those voters in the middle of the pack backing Cruz."
"\"It's a bit different in each club and they haven't created a lot of chances, so I guess you can say that's not the case,\" he said."
"It has become more of a sport, the other guys having to be cool and live the life they wanted."
"'We have to make sure we don't let them get away with anything that could affect our troops,' he said."
"We've done good work over the years and I think the fans are right to be very happy."
"If you want to lose weight, take the recommended amount of exercise every day for at least six months, with any weight loss training."
"My wife and I have started to see these people, a lot of them have been on the missing list, some have been on the police but not all."
"He is now going to attend the annual Academy Awards but hopes to find a better job at Apple."
"\"I was working and sleeping for a week before I got back to work and I felt ill and had to go to the hospital,\" she says."
"I don't really want to go into too much detail, but it's important to understand the expectations set by the club."
"They should always keep a pocket in their back pocket, and never put anything down in front of them- that's why they're running."
"This change in the way he plays now is a major change for him, and I've no doubt he will be a big part of the team again."
"Last week, the family paid $ 50 million to settle allegations that they illegally gained access to the billionaire for years."
"Two of the last four Republicans to announce support for Trump, according to CBS News polls, have already endorsed him."
"I don't know what sort of thing we'll have to spend money on in 2017, but we're pretty confident we have a lot of room for growth."
"I've always done a lot of front- line work and a lot of racing, so I wasn't all that excited by it."
"I don't know how long it is going to be until he starts to work, to really focus and focus and get himself back into shape and play games,\" he said."
"But we didn't know what the deal was until the end of the day, because I'd just heard the term \" arbitration \"from another coach on the other side."
"If you don't want to pay a fee, there are services you can do that will save you a lot of money."
"Her own income tax returns show she worked for 10 years for a business interest rate of 4. 5 per cent, including seven months on two, which is above the 8. 5 per cent corporate rate."
"He must face a lengthy hearing in February, a hearing which could take months or even years, and then a further hearing in January."
"I think it was a good football team to be in last year and to play for that level of quality."
"But that's also the reason we know that our future is much more secure than we've been in the past."
"I'm pretty sure it's done [ after the game ] and if there's anything we can do to make sure they don't score goals."
"And I think we should go down this route and not talk about how we're going to get the votes."
"I've got to get out there to win and I'm pretty confident that as the game goes on, I can do that."
"The previous record was 10, set in 1996, which was set over five hours of traffic in the year."
"'There are an estimated 500, 000 people in Northern Ireland with no health care, no school or care for the elderly or the disabled."
"\"If you're paying $ 10 and you're a user, the app is the best way to get your money back,\" he said."
"It's true that under the old deal, lots of players from overseas could enter the union this year."
"On Sunday, she gave an emotional speech at a United Nations meeting in New York, where she said: \"If we can survive, then we should,\" and said she \"will rise \"when she calls for a fourth vote."
"And, if there's not one, then you can be the first person on a train to get there, but not everyone gets there."
"\"I just didn't think it was going to be any different, or I'd ever lose my job,\" he said."
"\"That's when I realized I could keep going,\" he told reporters after the two met in the Italian capital."
"This is a matter that a lot of countries are dealing with in a very serious way, from NATO to China to the border with Libya."
"\"A man can't trust himself to follow a woman's will without her consent,\" he wrote."
"We will be working closely with every authority to achieve the minimum contribution of \u00a3 25, 000, and ensuring there is no other fee."
"The former prime minister said his resignation would be welcomed by the international community but should not bring the case to trial."
"The initial stages of his campaign have been harder than initially expected but at this stage, his future is now up in the air."
"But if I get caught up in the culture of this market it will be for me to have to decide who I am, what I stand for and who I want to be."
"A police spokesman told The Independent: \"All stops were carried out in good faith and a full investigation was conducted."
"The reason I decided to do it was because I didn't know what I wanted to do, or what the importance of a role would be."
"'If you have a bad surgery and you have a very bad year, don't give up,' she said."
"You've got to give that gift to a person who's not a future president or vice president or senator or maybe even governor."
"Our team has gone back and checked the memory, and we have had this real shock, but we are very disappointed."
"It would be a dream job, I can't think of any better job to be in this league than as an Australian."
"\"You might take a hike, you might find a comfortable place to sleep, but that's it,\" he told us."
"The same research showed that in addition to the standard medication, people would also be encouraged to drink regular coffee, tea and sugar."
"The Prime Minister said: \"This is one of those times when you don't know what you're talking about."
"But it's a race for a way to keep him on a course for the season and I'm not happy with that."
"\"I couldn't believe it, but now it's been announced that we've had a full clinical assessment,\" she said."
"\"We are not about to let anybody down,\" Jones said of the band's protest against police- friendly music."
"Even though they are young, a 25- year- old woman would be a very vulnerable young woman who wouldn't have any opportunities in life."
"The European Commission has also backed the executive of the UK government for an extension to the Brexit process, citing free movement of labour."
"It was still an empty structure and I had left my home and, as a result, I didn't really know where I was."
"It is an amazing community, which we would like to thank and appreciate so much for putting up such a good wall."
"To the extent that we are finding it easier to commit to a bigger number of people we are allowing some of them to leave."
"In 2013, over a million people from across the world attended a march in Berlin for Merkel, though in 2016 it was largely a rally against the EU's controversial refugee deal."
"A: There is a growing number of people experiencing this addiction who don't know what to do or care."
"What we need is a comprehensive plan that provides a well- thought- out approach to the economy so that we can go after it."
"He's moving in the right direction and we have to have him stay in the game and make the plays in front of us."
"\"The world is going to make a lot of money, and so a lot of people who go to university go to university,\" he says."
"She said:'The fact of the matter is we will have to do that in two or three days because there is no additional action."
"They are only three points behind the top- four leaders, with the champions having beaten Leicester in the Premier League this season."
"Many people feel it is too easy, even to be given the opportunity to change things, that's not a positive experience."
"For any space person, the first thing they need to know is that it is something completely different from normal human activity, in a sense."
"This is good news for my friend and supporter, whose wife is already in a relationship with his boss."
"'This is what happens when people don't put in the effort to meet a standard,' she says."
"She is married to a father and a mother who had two children, but had both moved to the US."
"It was a good day for a whole host of things and I really like what I'm seeing on TV."
"While he said he's more concerned by his experience in private life, he's not going to turn it into a political career."
"As his oldest daughter sits in the car, she is taken to a room where the emergency services have to be called."
"My husband, Ryan, had to share with us the amazing memories that we were all together."
"And for a man with a lack of money, it's surprising when he never does."
"There will be no competition to be left for the top spot as the league puts it to the parliament."
"It's a road trip that's over by the time we get to the end of our trip, so it's an exciting one."
"The federal government can say what it wants, which is that you have to leave all payments to the country."
"But one of the main reasons we will be able to get one through the mid- range is because we will have put another the stage of getting it under our belt, in that we are very, very careful."
"We now know from several studies that increased sugar consumption leads to less weight loss and even a lower risk of cancer, all among a group of people who tend to feel strongly about what they want to eat."
"They said it was very important that we knew if it was successful, this information would help develop a vaccine, that the site would be ready."
"The age range for being a \"pet \"is anywhere between 25 to 34- meaning that you might find yourself travelling in someone else's car."
"The more I thought about the incident, the more I was worried about myself, that if I didn't stop then I might have a career break."
"The protests were called off after President Barack Obama called for the military to complete the proper trials of those convicted of war crimes."
"Although we saw our game against the guys who are coming through the line it is a feeling we had earlier in the year."
"But I couldn't believe how the crowd came out with the kind of response I have seen from the Champions League final."
"\"I think if you've got a guy like that where he can have a top grade guy, he will be on your radar,\" he said."
"If you can't make a call on the ballot, it won't matter who is on the ballot or who was on the ballot in this election, so how do we make the call?"
"\"There are few things better than putting an eye on your life and doing a lot of hard work,\" he says."
"At the same time, Australia will be taking more care of the refugees who have come in over the years than the country's population would otherwise have to take in such people."
"After everything he's done, I think it's time for him to come to us and prove he can be a full- back."
"It's a completely different kind of game than last year but I'm enjoying it,\" he said."
"My record on immigration has really not gone as well as I would have hoped... I'm in the majority of my posts, it's a low- key post."
"He said: \"I have a girlfriend and we've been through a bit of a tough time, and we would be happy for her to be back in the UK."
"The margin of victory is 20 points, including the historic 1, 500- square- mile field."
"\"People have gone to Syria to fight for ISIS, to fight for the Islamic State,\" he said, \"and the people in Syria aren't supporting that."
"He added: \"There is a huge problem in Scotland with the mass of people who travel."
"The decision is a huge step, but we still have to make sure the Government is prepared to deliver the outcome it promised."
"But the family said they would be prepared to face further legal action if they did not stop using their horses."
"\"You just couldn't see what happened, you couldn't see the safety of the gas tank that held the gas and water,\" he said."
"He said:'This is one of the first things that comes to mind when you think about one of the biggest challenges of modern life."
"If they can't talk, don't give them a reason to stay here, because we have to do this for them."
"He said he wasn't angry with the issue and would be looking at any law enforcement agencies which were dealing with the issue."
"It's always better to have them on loan than in the most valuable position, which is the best position of the midfield."
"\"I am not a politician and I don't have any policy ideas and I'm not the kind of person that you would say you'd be like,\" he said."
"\"We will be responding with new orders in the spring and autumn of 2017, so you will see the biggest increases,\" he said."
"I started going around and everyone was playing in a terrible way, but I made it as clear as I possibly could."
"I really didn't know what to expect, I was just trying to get home and maybe work with my body again."
"If you put him in the press box and he's trying to get it to him, he's going to take it, and there are no chances in the Premier League."
"\"You can only take that position if it is an agreement you have with the government and it is subject to approval from the prime minister,\" he said."
"One day I met an expert from the world's largest bank, and this was my last chance to try it out."
"You are surrounded by the people who know you, who know you well, and that's what the Champions League is all about."
"We had an opportunity to make an impression and it was great to get in and I have been fantastic to watch him play so many times over the years."
"Last week the Bank of Japan cut its forecast for the \"big six countries \"to $ 6 trillion in global trade by the end of 2016."
"I came in and was told that if you want to sign a contract and have a four- year contract, then you can go and do it."
"Even if you can just sit back and read these words, it's going to change your life forever."
"They had not explained what the purpose was, what was happening, or what sort of business they were doing."
"To understand this, you need to understand the very good people of this country who have made this country stronger, a better place to be."
"But because the apps have been released by the company over the years, some of the best ones have gone free to other sites."
"An official at the local park told the AP that there was no sign of the human head that has remained in the area since it was set on fire."
"When asked if she would like to take on the role, he said: \"We would love to do it, if we are given the opportunity."
"And if I've been working in this area for a while now, I've never had anything like this happen."
"It is clear that she and the administration have no intention of changing course and it is only right for our sister country to step forward."
"\"All I can say is that my family and I were very lucky,\" the 24- year- old says."
"What he said: \"He's been caught selling drugs for two years, and he's still selling drugs."
"It's just an easy program to come in and fill out and get ready for the tournament."
"We've only looked at the reports from the Australian teams and they're not quite as good."
"And so as we go to the end of the year and we get more guys coming, we're going to be putting a lot of resources into that."
"You're just being a little bit honest with him, you're just looking after him,\" Smith added."
"\"To help them understand their values better, they will be setting up a new store,\" she added."
"It is likely to be a significant boost for China's economy, since analysts expect it will boost spending from US dollars to at least US 7 trillion by 2019."
"We did not know at the time what happened to his passport, so we will be appealing to anyone with information to contact police."
"She told me that she was in fact more concerned with the attention that someone might get away with for what they did in public than with her actions in the office."
"It is likely that while most of us wouldn't know our children are here without some sort of notice, that will change in the coming years."
"They don't like to be attacked because it makes them feel more threatened, because they are perceived as human."
"\"If you're not a Republican, you can't run for president,\" he said in an interview with CNN."
"Most of the time, when there are 2- 3 players on the floor, there are a lot of people who have to rely on their hard- hitting small forward for the majority of the offense."
"The risk is just that your blood sugar levels get too low and you develop heart failure."
"As a result, she said it was too late to take action against the manager and there was a potential threat of legal action from the union."
"There are still some clear steps that are needed to ensure all young people in Scotland have access to opportunities and opportunities that the Scottish Government wants to see."
"He said the message is clear: go against the flow and leave the home on the ground."
"The most dramatic moment came on the night of September 28, when the pair were sitting down at a coffee shop in the south of France."
"While the odds of a Trump presidency were pretty remote in that period, this may be because neither Clinton nor Trump has been able to run against both."
"There will be new faces in the mix and it's something I'm very excited about."
"His arrest comes a month after the group's members and supporters were caught in the country's biggest hacking campaign."
"He told me he'd had a hard time finding a job as a cash manager and he needed someone who could help him deal with it."
"This is especially true for the youngest and most vulnerable group, which, on average, are nearly twice as likely as younger Americans to have some form of physical or mental disability."
"I don't know if it's going to be a very long time- but I will look back and see if we made it."
"I don't see anything that's going to fix it, either, but it's definitely something we have to look into."
"The majority of foreign fighters, as well as militants from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, have fled the fighting in the city."
"A few things remain: The government has decided to go ahead with building a new high speed rail link between Liverpool and London."
"When I play with the national team I always have the same thought: \"When we win, I'll go out and play, and if I can score goals I'll play."
"The same goes for the 15- year- old girl who went missing from her home in the town just before Christmas."
"A collection of speeches, opinion pieces, books and letters have been published in the run- up to the referendum, which has seen some opinion polls and even a survey show a majority of people in the country's electorate remain in favour of staying"
"The third and final instance of the building collapsed at 7. 30pm on Wednesday, a short time after his father was due to arrive."
"We tried to negotiate the deal, but then he took a taxi- we managed to get him off, but he was still fighting."
"This will be a draw for the Premier League and will make Manchester United the very best team in the world."
"That's why I'm urging all our citizens who have been ill in the past to do so."
"But it's not just about his record, it's about how I feel and how much the fans will be seeing."
"For the moment, though, I feel like I'm putting everything on the line to do this."
"The new research suggests that gender may be affected more in urban areas, with women more likely to report feeling more pressure to live by their husband."
"We hope that our approach will enable them to continue to focus on other areas such as income tax and the budget deficit."
"Her job was to keep an eye on the latest phenomenon of its music, which she would be more familiar with than anyone else."
"With the Olympics now over, the fast- food chain announced a $ 100 million online campaign to help survivors and their family."
"\"When we went to the hospital they told us he had a knife and if we went to the back we'd be shot,\" he said."
"I'm also delighted that we've found a school which really takes this to the next level."
"I believe this is the best way to lead the race- I can be more positive, I can be more negative, and hopefully there are more delegates to be won."
"As soon as she'd made the arrangements, she turned to me and told me her story."
"On the other hand, Mrs. Clinton's margin of victory in South Carolina is smaller, more in her favor of Bernie Sanders."
"We want to win the game and I think it's a very good opportunity for us to look at the rest of the season."
"The federal government pledged $ 2. 6 billion over four years for clean energy projects ; the State Department says the projects will generate billions of dollars of revenue each year."
"No matter how successful or small you are, there's a risk that your knowledge, skills and experience will be limited if you don't follow the right advice."
"You don't have to give it everything, but we're excited to bring in so many talented players who can help our program."
"If you go into a meeting a few months later and say, \"I need to meet you,\" I'm going to go in there and meet you and tell you."
"I'm here to say we are not alone, we're not alone, but we're not alone as far as I'm concerned."
"He said he had been working on a new car when it hit him, which he called his brother, who was in his car."
"In 2008, Clinton posted nearly $ 2. 5 million to her campaign, including $ 250, 000 from several donors."
"We will probably pay the bills and do our best but he's so good in the third period and he'll be even better in the fourth."
"She had all these options to go to and she just kept on saying that as a choice she couldn't do it because of the cuts and it was just too much pressure."
"Clinton had paid special attention to the local media, where her campaign has put in nearly $ 6 million."
"In an appeal on the court's website, police said:'We would like to say thanks to all of the relatives, colleagues and friends of the victim and his family."
"And we are also focused on keeping the benefits for voters in the Senate clear for them in the general election."
"I was a young man with a very difficult life and now my wife, the mother of my two young children, has died."
"The Democratic National Committee's website says the new convention will be held in Cleveland, Ohio, from July 21 to 22."
"The people who call in sick often get little help and cannot save themselves as much as they could."
"If we had two that he didn't play, then I would never feel that I was at a loss."
"As a result of the prosecution in this case we have a much- needed shift in policy."
"\"I have spoken with all the players, especially after I had the opportunity to speak with him a little while ago,\" he said."
"We know how to play it, and that's the important thing: we know how to play it well."
"It's only if you don't act when you're ready and you feel confident in your ability to do it, and in what you feel like doing it,\" he said."
"\"The governor, I believe, is very positive on that, and he's going to do what he's going to do,\" Trump said at the National Press Club."
"I'm just excited that I'm working with him and I hope he gets into his head of where he is right now."
"And, of course, other countries that are not in the Middle East, Asia, Africa, Latin America, even the Middle East, don't feel the pain."
"The hit is the first time the number has ever been seen in the plane's history, which has been in full flow since the 1980s."
"As far as other markets go, Apple is clearly not feeling like a win- win in terms of selling the device."
"I'm confident that by the end of the week it will be quite the game, and that's my best chance to win."
"It's possible that the fault is not a technical issue, but rather an affect on the internet."
"It was my first time looking at the photo and I didn't really know what the reaction was going to be."
"\"I don't think that there's a whole lot of money in it,\" he said when asked about the matter."
"I think it's the strongest possible choice for us because we have everything we need to try to win, so we're not only on the outside, but also the inside."
"The government says it will reduce its deficit by one percent of gross domestic product in 2016, up from a one percent estimate earlier this month."
"He said:'I have always had a lot of alcohol but I'm never going to be an alcohol drinker."
"It's our goal to finish the season a pretty good one, and be consistent."
"The official adds:'I'd also like to say I'm not really in a rush to get up and see him until he's fully healthy."
"The true cost of the system is thought to be between \u00a3 1, 200 and \u00a3 4, 300 a year."
"We're obviously pleased with the position he's in and the opportunity for us to get him right here was always in our wish."
"That means that in four months we could save hundreds of millions of pounds and I would prefer that you are not putting your customers at risk."
"The documents were found on Friday, after Ms Sturgeon was warned a consultation process was now open to the public."
"The rate was higher than the Treasury's rate, but not by as much as it was a year earlier."
"My point is this: The whole point of this sport is to get people going, to get them to be as excited as possible for a minute."
"The second woman, who was 24, was badly hurt and taken to hospital with minor injuries, while the third woman, a 28- year- old man, was injured in a collision with a vehicle."
"All you need to do is check your account balance, make sure you have enough money to pay for a month's rent and property."
"In the days and weeks ahead, we will have to decide how to impact the lives of young people and their families."
"He admitted she had taken drugs, including drugs that she did not know was banned and drugs she did not know she had not had been warned about."
"The UK's largest airline made an emergency landing in Southern California on Thursday as the United flight from Melbourne to San Francisco made a short stop in the California coast."
"Many members of staff agreed to make work- related trips to Vietnam and Asia to give up the \"man's nature \"of working in the country."
"So you have that first overall draft pick that goes into the NFL draft and the draft you get in the NFL draft has an opportunity to play in the playoffs, it's a very special one."
"The 30- year- old is a long- term resident of the US who was last seen on Saturday, authorities said."
"\"I want to take a moment to say, I appreciate every minute of your time,\" Clinton said."
"But the idea that no man will stand a chance of winning his party's leadership in November is a lie."
"\"I just have to have as many chances of getting free college as possible,\" the 37- year- old told Fox 15 News."
"I said to the president that I'm not going into this with any of the candidates on what we're going to do."
"When it comes to personal finance, I don't want to wait for everyone to buy it, but I don't think we're ever going to see this wave of people coming in."
"What's more, it would be an act of national self- destruction if someone said, \"I'm going to do that,\" or \"I don't like myself,\" or \"I'm sick of politics."
"'She may have shown up late to work on the last day, but she wasn't allowed to leave the house until they were gone."
"However, the 28- year- old is struggling with that sort of thing and the Glasgow club believes he can continue his development."
"If you're going to make a mistake, then please make sure that you're in control of your expectations about how you're going to do it."
"Mr Trump has repeatedly denied claims that he was born in the US, claiming he was simply born in the UK."
"I don't think I would have gone over there at the moment if I had known that my place was up for grabs."
"To anyone who thinks I'm ready to compete against the best, you've just got to come out here and do what you've done this year."
"For this reason, it was agreed in 1999 that the new system would be designed to cope with a new number of people per day."
"\"As a tennis player, I had to make sure my shots were not falling,\" she said."
"We've done a lot of testing, we've got a lot of players that want to come in and get an experience but also we're starting to see the potential of it."
"That includes past performances from other groups as well, which in turn may help boost U. S. interest."
"But I was just trying to get it out of my head and see if I could get it to work for me."
"A young actor who has the mental capacity to write down thoughts on a daily basis, she is a mental person."
"But if there's one thing our party will have to put on the table, it's a vote for Brexit."
"He said he had never been ill in his life, which came to a halt a week before the four- month break, when his wife was killed."
"The company's shares rose 3 percent at $ 21. 47 on Monday, its best ever performance and its first since mid- 2014."
"Our organisation will do everything in its power to help you put your feet up and try to finish the job."
"To get the ball back in the way we had been able to play well, it felt like we were getting the ball back from the last time we scored."
"It is not just the scientists ; it is the people who work for them that determine their decision- making."
"Another clip, obtained by The Associated Press, shows a suspect running away from police after allegedly pulling out a gun."
"A man can reach into a car door, and the door opens into a man with a gun, because that's the closest people have to life."
"When asked by a BBC audience member if he would mind giving him the job, Hammond said: \"I think it's an honour to do it."
"I'm really grateful that I could choose to be here and stay here to prove I'm here to stay."
"When I've seen them, it's always hard to forget the day they come back and say, \"You're welcome to play again."
"He's getting very rich in his personal assets, which is why it's so difficult for him to keep his hands off them."
"In June, they added to their share of retail sales, hiring 54 staff and raising $ 5 million in costs."
"\"I'd probably say over 100, 000 people would be affected,\" she said, adding that just over 60, 000 had taken to social media sites."
"As a company we want to run with customers who want to get the best deal, or customers who want to be able to buy it in three days."
"But after that I'd go to another one of our club and someone would come along and tell me about it."
"In addition to its partners in Japan, China's largest economy, and four other Asian nations, the firm's average margin was six points in China, up from 7. 9 points in the United States."
"There is no guarantee that London will be a city which follows the mainland but the country's two- thirds population has plenty of places to get to."
"While France had paid more than a billion euros for the game, the Syrian opposition has to ask the authorities in Turkey what they will do with the prize."
"The French government has also been taking steps to reduce air pollution, which has been linked to the spread of HIV."
"It's estimated that less than two percent of the world's population is on a food or animal- based diet."
"It will be of great help, because it means we will be able to better deal with the changing nature of the human race."
"It is the last chance to wake up one morning in a week to realise the worst: you will not be able to care for yourself."
"When asked if they'd change the price, the Facebook page is still just \u00a3 2 a month."
"We're on top of the world, and when we make the decisions to build our next stadium, we will have a much bigger, stronger and better building."
"She added: \"The group is really driven by a desire to provide family and friends with an education that is just as good as it gets."
"The strong performances by the Democrats in South Carolina in the primary election and in the convention in Cleveland helped Democrats beat Republicans."
"I was like, that's a lot of sleep, but he did it all so very well."
"We can't just say that we need to raise the minimum wage or that women are better paid than men."
"\"I have always wanted to be part of this campaign, I just don't know why I can't help it,\" he said."
"I am aware of this current situation, but I don't see why they should be taking this risk in the first place."
"She said the victim's injuries were minor and her husband and brother had been badly wounded."
"It may not be the most familiar feature, but the shift toward a peaceful planet has come over the years."
"I've been open with him about the importance of improving my craft, and he does."
"A survey carried out by the National Health Service revealed that 13, 500 people were at risk of developing heart problems."
"It's nothing compared to what I'm going to be and I can't wait to go there for a one- off move."
"We will see how we go from there, as it's our only chance to compete at the top."
"Just a quick look at that, and you'll know that he's a guy who's had a bit of a wake- up call from being up late this morning, like in New Hampshire."
"A lot of what they come up with in the show is far from what's normally thought of when it comes to golf."
"\"She's talking about not being able to get a job while she's pregnant, as she wants to, so she needs help with that,\" said Mr. Scott."
"I was given a chance to make my best performance of the night and I still managed to score a couple of runs."
"But they're having so much trouble getting our money, it's out of their control."
"We know this in my experience of football and we knew the mistakes made against us, but they just dropped the ball."
"I don't want to put pressure on myself, because it's not my priority at this point."
"The Labour leadership race has ended, with a four- year period of leadership contest and a date for a leadership election set for next year."
"There are more important than the performance of his playing group at the moment, and in the first week of May we will be prepared to see if he can play in the Champions League again."
"The latest U. S. poll numbers, released last week, show Obama's lead, but not enough to close the gap."
"His comments follow a \"couple hundred \"Brexit voters who \"were angry \"about the handling of Brexit negotiations in June's referendum."
"This is a one- up on the controversial speeches from New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who gave the green light to another terror attack in Paris, in July 2015."
"They took him into custody and we just don't know who he is,\" a friend of a woman who met the boys said."
"There is no real argument, from our point of view, to believe in this."
"It would be the same for American tourists visiting the Middle East, where the global trend has been the fall in oil prices."
"\"When you have a deal like the one I got, you want it to stay,\" he said of the massive deal the New York Times owned."
"The average age at which she had entered her criminal trial was 29, meaning that prosecutors had effectively called the hour off at nearly every time in the run up to the trial."
"It's the first time I've played in the first- class Champions League since I arrived in 2014."
"The 28- year- old is out for treatment after a long- term medical condition left him with difficulty moving around."
"It is a fine line, but a good one to walk, if you can manage it."
"The AFL wanted me to stay on, I wanted to finish my career in the way I played and get there, and I couldn't do that."
"She doesn't know if the cash was for new shoes or used cars- or the clothes that could be used later."
"Although the U. S. is moving toward a \"long- term, sustained \"union- free market, the white working- class workers feel less comfortable with the system."
"The Italian government said in September that it was considering a ban on the group's activities in Italy, including its protection in Austria."
"I had two goals and three of them were scored in the first half and by the third it was an emotional feeling for me and my team."
"We are building to get here because we have a good local team- to get back into the game of football."
"No final decision has been made, and a conference of ministers will be in place to decide whether the UK should stay or leave the EU."
"In the beginning, he took credit for being able to hit the ball so quickly, but now he's getting credit for his own goals."
"Most young people don't want to spend the first three years of their life in poverty or even within their own country."
"If you don't know the rules, you're going to put them up or down, but it's probably not going to happen, because what we're seeing is too much pressure."
"But I've got to be careful about what I'm doing because we're dealing with a massive amount of data at the moment."
"They went to St. Peter's Hospital for an operation on their right leg and they are being checked out again."
"\"We have seen the problems in Syria and have already seen people dying in the streets,\" he said, referring to the renewed violence."
"We see the work on the players'side in that the teams are much better, the players look forward and we're really pleased for the manager."
"According to the Department of Health, the number of people who turn up at emergency services is down from 2. 4 million in 2012 to 2. 3 million in the 2015- 16 financial year."
"Last season he missed the first eight games because of a knee injury but the recovery was quick and he started the first eight games."
"\"I got off to a great start, first game [ in 2013 ] my confidence is high and I feel as though I've played well in games,\" he said."
"\"You can see it in the candidates'signatures that the task is to think about things in a particular direction,\" he said."
"We are paying huge amounts for the treatment and this morning I managed to walk off the plane safely in the snow."
"We have a bad campaign, and we just had to be in there for three or four hours to have a chance to get that perfect result."
"\"I was going to do it by yourself so I just had to trust that if the guy comes along, I will do it,\" he says."
"But Mr Farage said he had no idea what he would do with the money and would try and become a public figure."
"The State Department was in the most secure room and it is the biggest place in the world, so what are you going to do about it?"
"To him, we are like families... as a family, as you and I, you can come from so many places and go from so many different places."
"She did say she does not think she has a great amount of experience and is looking for a new job."
"We want to give our fans the best possible chance to go there, but it is also a lot more difficult."
"It wasn't until the late night when he was able to get his head around to the fact he was in a major league baseball game, which he did at some point in the game."
"I was really caught off guard in that I knew I wasn't going to be able to stay at home and study while I went to work."
"The 42- year- old has been cleared of any criminal offences and is free to return to his job as a police officer."
"I think it's going to be fantastic to see them on the field together and to see them at a professional level."
"\"When he was my age, he was a fighter, he was a good kid, it was because of the training,\" he said."
"I know I'm not the first person to have done this on purpose, but I'm not the first,\" he said."
"While even in advanced age the changes are not as severe as in adults, it's not clear how long they will last."
"After meeting with their parent's mother and father, they discussed what steps they were taking to ensure her son did not suffer as a result of his mother's lack of health."
"\"This is not the first time a Muslim woman has been accused of a crime, it is not the first time a young Muslim woman has been beaten to death,\" she said."
"I felt like I would be a better pitch if I was on the pitch, so it was a bonus for me."
"It's very important for us to take into consideration that this child may be already homeless, he is homeless, they are not being looked after, they are not receiving their housing, they need to be treated or they need our help."
"\"The ad is a cheap propaganda campaign and has little or no legitimate appeal,\" he said."
"At the moment we have no access to any medical advice and you may not feel comfortable on our NHS or elsewhere."
"If you were charged with something with a gun, it's not because you were racist, it's because your activity inspired it and there's nothing more wrong with that."
"Despite all these benefits, much of the affected family are now paying for a month's rent while the mortgage was still outstanding."
"\"In other words, I don't want our economy to continue to decline by what it has done in the past,\" Mr. Trump said."
"That was also when he made a $ 1 million deal with the Dodgers in the summer of 2015, the source said."
"There's still some room, but we've got a much bigger one coming at us, and we've got a lot more players in the future."
"This is another sign that the so- called \"Brexit \"will succeed, which is why it looks so much better in this election."
"\"It was the kind of thing I had been doing in Paris and it wasn't good to be behind,\" she says."
"The plan was to make sure we didn't pay fees, and that's just part of the job of the captain."
"It is now clear that with a passing knowledge of the character of the cast and that we are also going to be playing a substantial role in the second half of the year."
"Police have arrested a man in connection with the alleged incident that happened in Melbourne's north on Saturday."
"However, she's said she isn't worried about staying quiet about her conduct or the scandal that will befall her."
"Mr Cameron told the EU's single market membership talks that Britain would continue to contribute to the world economy even if it leaves the bloc."
"The center will now send its top personnel to Europe, where it will play its biggest role, in a bid to boost tourism and attract foreign investment."
"It is therefore important that we don't make statements about how well we are doing or what we think is the right balance."
"We were at a show at a music festival when we were told that they had been offered not to show until the end of the year."
"If he doesn't, then there's a risk of the drone flying off- course, he says."
"The terms of the agreement have not been put on the table by the EU- Turkey task force, but Turkey has refused to take part in the talks."
"And, to all the reporters who are still waiting for their tickets to be accepted, please, tell me your story!"
"This is an issue we have to deal with, we've got to deal with the students who are entering university and at the same time we need to look at our schools."
"But the Australian dollar has been on the up since its recent gains, with the market monitoring just four points on the Australian dollar since the weekend."
"At the same time, the 2015 population of women born abroad has reached 1. 57 million in the last few years."
"My father's father didn't know anything about football and just thought it would be fun to win it."
"A Republican- led state Supreme Court in the state of Colorado last week refused to hear arguments in a case seeking to prevent an oil pipeline that would cross the border into the state."
"\"I think the crowd did a poor job of calling for this game and they didn't deserve to come,\" he said."
"The EU is not supposed to break free of these circumstances in order for Greece to be a reasonable member of the EU, that is the fundamental question of the talks."
"\"I don't think there was a fault or whatever- we just took care of ourselves,\" he said."
"They have a lot to offer us and this is something that we are going to keep looking at."
"The State Department has stated that people from around the world may come to the U. S. for research but no one has been able to speak to them."
"We have to find a way to do that because the president has said that he wants to go after the Middle East and things like that."
"\"I know what I can do now, and I know how I can play, and I've got to prove it,\" Brown said."
"We will have that system in place, we will have one in place in the spring of 2016 where we have the girls every week- whatever they are and whatever they are not, we will have a little room for them."
"He was proud to be working with his peers, the big boys that are responsible for everything from helping us to the big boys who make this country work."
"I've seen this last year, so it's the same [ idea ], the risk of it being quite large."
"The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Los Angeles, involved a department store that operates at least 14 stores in the US, Canada, Spain, Germany and the UK."
"Our market, our market is in a very good place, so I would expect that [ after this, this ] is going to be pretty much the same."
"\"We are not there yet but we have to continue to invest in local communities,\" she said."
"He would then have a second chance to find a good partner to meet the well- known- but popular, professional, and powerful woman he met in his life."
"They were really putting their name out there and they really want to come into England and do well for us and play a big role for us."
"I've had to make a decision with regard to that, but it's a decision I'm completely comfortable with."
"He was a great father- captain and just the luck he got to pick up that catch again as well as he did he just had to find him."
"\"I love a good ball and I'm trying to move the ball a bit better and play better and that is what I want to be doing this year,\" he said."
"\"What I want to do is convince the people who have been living with me for the last year and a half that I will be in control,\" he said."
"The simple fact is that everyone's got something they want to sell, and they can find it in a moment."
"\"I'm grateful for what's happened, and I would like to thank the people who have kept me alive over the years,\" he said."
"As she explained, an earthquake can occur at any time, so the major fault is nearly 10 times more likely to happen."
"\"This is a serious problem for NATO, for our allies and for the world as a whole,\" he said."
"In that year there were more than 1. 6 million women in hospital in England and Wales, making up 60 per cent of the overall population."
"While this process is difficult, it is the key to making her strong, motivated and beautiful into a top- class actress."
"They both went to the world's largest prison, then the international centre in southern Germany, and there were more than 70 prison guards, medical staff and staff."
"\"That's the way he played a number and at the end of the day I didn't mind,\" he said."
"Police were unable to provide any information about the woman and her 20 year old son, who lives in the apartment."
"As it is an exciting time for our game in Spain, we have to make sure we take care of ourselves, which will be a big priority for the team in the coming weeks."
"But he added:'We were unable to find out the reason for the lack of assistance in our search on his condition."
"\"My wife's the best of friends, she's very busy, so I've got no time for her to go outside,\" he said."
"On behalf of the family, thank you for your continued support over the years, which has given so many so much life."
"The government is spending billions of pounds a year on the car industry, a car poll suggests, which, for example, is now responsible for more than half of the deficit for the last five years."
"The more you get involved in the events of a presidential election, the more you become very familiar with the message that he's getting."
"One of the players, a young German- or Swedish- player in the game, did not get any passes this season."
"But it's one thing to say there's a winner and it's something else entirely when that's what you're concerned about."
"What's going on in your body isn't necessarily like other people's thoughts but there is a lot of pressure on the part of your body to look good."
"It's also a sign that a lot of Republicans were happy to admit it, even though they hadn't actually been told about it."
"She believes it's important that the government get out of the way and can change its current approach."
"\"It's a not- for- money fight but we have a place, we have good people, and this is a place where people can come and express themselves,\" said Russell."
"I think I was on holiday on an island, and the hotel workers came and knocked on the door and said,' What the hell is this?"
"My family is still here- we were together when I was two- so it's a bit of a shock now."
"If they get away with it, it means they're getting away with something that the police know is not legally a crime."
"As early as 2005, the Federal Reserve approved a hike to 1 percent, but this was later cut to 0. 75 percent."
"There were a few areas where it was not good, and he didn't have any to talk about with us."
"If you're young and have a wonderful career, you have to take it seriously, but if you're too young, you have to find ways around it."
"We are using the tools of our own free will and it is up to the last leader of the Labour Party to get a clear understanding of what this means for the future of the party and its membership."
"\"We are going to stay, we are going to work hard, we are going to learn from it and be in a good position,\" he said."
"No words have been left for the fallen, but the memory of them will be forever changed for the better."
"The Department of Health says the deficit in the single market will be \u00a3 27 billion over the next decade and that the cost of treating people is \u00a3 10 billion a year."
"We felt as though we were changing a team that was already good, and that was just another sign of the progress we've made so far."
"He was my coach in Argentina in the 1990s, so it was an honor to play with him."
"After the independence referendum and the vote for independence, the Prime Minister has conceded that his position on EU membership is in crisis and that \"it's not good enough \"to continue with the project."
"It's one of the major lessons in any sport and it's something we'll look to fix and make happen."
"There will be many chances of the baby being born before mid- March and there will be a whole lot of fans who don't want to watch it."
"In September, people in Britain's biggest city of London, Birmingham, blocked hundreds of buses, citing safety concerns."
"All we can do is find out what's going to happen next week and hopefully it will be OK."
"And if you take that away, it will be a large one to me, especially because it is just so significant to me."
"That is something the government said the charity should be doing and it's the one we want to continue doing."
"It's the third time in the last seven years he has lost three games in a row, the first for a club, on the road."
"The U. S. State Department said on Monday it would not comment until after Trump's speech and any questions about the economy."
"After winning the state's primary in January, he said he had hoped to win in the fall but decided he could not attend the Republican National Convention."
"There's no evidence of the virus spreading, so it's an option that I'm considering."
"\"One of the biggest differences between Syria and Iraq is that Syria is not the only place where Bashar al- Assad can rule,\" he said."
"At the moment he's got only a half- dozen innings and he's got a full- capacity squad so I think we'll see what happens."
"The bill will also make it easier for states to go after top federal prison inmates who have committed crimes outside the federal system."
"\"When I see his personality I feel he's going to be the best thing in this franchise,\" Roberts said."
"\"There's so many people that need a home and if you can't bring someone to the house, well, well... there's nobody,\" she said."
"The majority of people aged over 65 are classified as disabled- a category that could be expanded to include all those with learning and language difficulties."
"While the typical driver can expect a night shift to arrive around 6 a. m., many professionals use a day shift to work."
"He had not yet been charged in his murder, but officers said he had been a \"danger to himself, others and himself \"during a pre- planned, six- hour attack."
"The decision was made after the request was made to the AFL for comment on Wednesday night and we are grateful for the time the club has had with the matter."
"They've been good to me as a No. 9, but he's been great, in those situations."
"It would make them easier to see and faster to spot, they have to know what's happening, so what's happened is going to come out the window."
"The rest of the country has followed suit, and far more is on the way, he said."
"I have to be honest with you- in a week in which I'm going to be playing for eight years, it is going to be a different story."
"The school is currently working with the Russian government on the registration of the bus, and Russian officials have said they will share details in the coming weeks."
"This is now good news but, if you're not aware, it's the home of a major airline."
"While the Democrats are trying to change the balance in the Senate, their focus is not on taking control of the White House."
"She added:'It's important to remember that despite our best efforts, those people still cannot and will not stop at nothing."
"If a client can afford to pay for the surgery, he will be a family man and not a celebrity."
"He also had been accused by his former boyfriend of having sex with a minor, but the allegations were dismissed by a police officer."
"He also said that his focus would be on his personal relationships, saying he wanted to \"work more on that \"for his career."
"But the committee says this is down to a lack of evidence, and the findings of the hearing seem to be largely ignored."
"\"The abuse of power, the huge amount of money you're given, that you don't even know about, I have to be honest,\" Mr Corbyn said."
"The company says they believe more than 70% of the UK's nuclear power plants are out of service."
"In addition, you'll see fewer Trump TV ads- in fact, CNN's networks have been slow to jump on the Florida story."
"\"She had a lot of fans, and I just wanted to make sure she was a little more visible,\" she said."
"He said: \"My job was to support and invest in the teams I worked with, rather than keep the focus on what we were doing."
"I don't want to admit it because I've worked so hard for it, it doesn't matter."
"The Palestinian leader promised to work with the US, but in his last days of office, he hasn't been able to work with US counterparts."
"The French Federal Police believe a second child has been missing from the police station and is in a good condition, in the police's statement."
"If we're going to see this in a decade or two, we're going to be asking ourselves what will happen to all these beautiful Americans."
"When I look at my own life, I tend to just let them take me out, which is just what he did."
"\"It's a sense that you have no control over how the media works,\" he said."
"The government still needs to agree on a pension payment to each child in Wales from 1 October 2014 to 1 October 2015."
"The ACT is not the only country where violence against women is rising- another report showed that nearly one in ten women has experienced sexual violence in the past year."
"A Fox News poll released Wednesday night showed Trump up 4 points among likely voters, with Rubio down 3, and Kasich up 3."
"\"I don't know how to tell a woman they're not a baby,\" he told The Local."
"You can write books to play with, and then give them to people you know in your life."
"If you're writing in the other world, your relationship will change depending on what your [ work ] partners are doing, or you'll be able to find your creative energy from there."
"We have shown there is no guarantee that you can go into work today but it's important that you stay calm."
"Those who would not turn away would either lose their job, or are fired, or have to leave the country."
