"\"We'd like to think that maybe we are going to see more of that from our players in the future,\" he said."
"Police are searching for a man who is believed to have been on the run following the shooting, the BBC understands."
"It also will help convince the government that it has a good case for itself, and that it will be able to pay its bills."
"I didn't have a lot of time to think about it because I wasn't allowed to work,\" he said."
"We want to put it to the back of people's heads, and then we will work together to address the problem."
"\"It's not a hard system,\" he says, \"but if we're on the road and all our friends are in the back of the van, then the danger is always there."
"'If you have a job, you have to be able to understand that and make it happen,' he said."
"The way he plays the game is really to put the ball in the air and to run, and he's done that quite a bit in the last few games."
"And there's a lot of people in the world that haven't been paying attention to this."
"She said:'They were around the house for about five years, he was playing football and it was all in the family."
"So we got a few offers and we were really happy to go into the hunt, and it was the first time we've actually done that."
"But as an example, here are some of the things that he has done that I don't know what he's done for the last four years."
"The SNP is in a difficult position in this contest, with its leader, the leader of the opposition, and the leader of the Greens."
"I felt very sorry for myself and the other guy and I had to go through that and it made me realize that I didn't want to die at the hands of this."
"In the Senate, they can use their own votes to block legislation that would have done the opposite of what the president wanted."
"If it's a success it means we're going to be able to use more of our development budget to make our own gear."
"It is what it is, that in the first round of this year's presidential election it is the most critical."
"The only thing I've learned is that if you don't like your colleagues, there's no point in speaking up."
"We feel it's important to give them a home when they arrive, and we've got lots of family here."
"I'm not sure where to go from here but I want to give it my best shot and I'm looking forward to playing at home and helping out my team."
"That was the extent of the debate that many had hoped for, but he did not have to worry about the outcome."
"You know, you're going to be talking about \"already- recorded \"videos at the Democratic National Convention."
"The proportion of men and women who say they're more likely to say they have been'very'a certain way has increased since the survey."
"\"We've only been in the business for five years and we have seen a huge change,\" she said."
"I want to be very clear about what we have going on with the proposal to build the Northern Ireland border wall."
"It also shows the differences between these two classes of mental health, a phenomenon that affects 1 in 4 women in the US."
"We're all very happy to have our good boys back and playing for us in the way we've always done and I'm sure they'll look forward to their first competitive game."
"The city will host its first annual \"momentum \"event, to be held on Friday, November 7, 2016."
"We need more resources to be able to combat the crisis of violence in this country and we are going to be able to do this in a way that is sustainable and efficient, as well as in a way that we're not going to have"
"'I don't know if they're even in the country now, but they're in a place,' he said."
"There's no doubt this will be a difficult decision for some people and the actions we have taken are in line with what we have already done."
"\"We're not afraid of the subject matter, we're not afraid of the politicians, we're not afraid of the foreign media, we're not afraid of anybody,\" he said."
"I also have a lot of problems with my hands, so I need to try to have a very good one."
"It's certainly a matter that gets asked by a lot of the younger players, and I think it's something that we need to look at in the coming weeks."
"\"The government is focused on what it can control, and that's the only thing that matters,\" he said."
"So we are going to give a fair warning and say if you are planning to do something with your personal information, don't do it."
"\"We are working on the ground to find a way forward for that, but we know we have to get things right and be safe,\" she said."
"There was a little bit of push back on that because we'd been playing against a club who hadn't won a league game in years."
"It's not like they're going to come here for a free lunch, you know, because they're going to come here to save a lot of money, or they're going to come here to bring in some advertising revenue."
"It was not clear whether he had been on the plane or on board when the plane crashed, and the airline said it had not made any information available about the identity of the pilot."
"\"I'm not saying there's something wrong with that, I'm just saying that's what I'm always talking about,\" he said."
"And he told The Washington Post that the bill would raise $ 1 billion over 10 years and was unlikely to become law."
"He is a character who is only remembered as such because of his self- serving actions in the off- season."
"There's a lot of hate speech on Twitter that can be very real and very negative and so this will help us get this out."
"It is time to stop and think about how hard it is to leave these parts of the world that you love."
"When I have to go out on the run it's a little bit harder to catch them than it was when I went out on the road."
"Trump has said that he does not plan on releasing his tax returns, but he has refused to release them even though he is in a position to do so."
"We need to bring the kind of intensity that we've been showing, the strength that has been found in games."
"Some people feel they need to be in the dark about what's going on and they're just not used to being there."
"\"This is something I'll continue to do, but I think it will be more of a test of the fitness of this team,\" he said."
"A major study of the high- risk group found that an 11- month follow- up showed no significant improvement after the intervention."
"He is one of the few who are not going to spend all their money on their everyday everyday things."
"It's a tough thing to do, and to see what's going on in your life, to see a person that's having a difficult time."
"But this is not the first time that Clinton has made history for herself in terms of a strong showing in the Republican primary."
"If you think you can get away with it, or if you just don't want to spend that much time thinking about how you're going to finish, I think it's really important that you stay on top."
"It is now an example to people, to politicians, to the rest of the world of how we can lead this movement forward, and I'm very grateful for the opportunity to join that."
"The total number of people working in retail is forecast to rise from around 10 million to 15. 2 million, from an average of 10 million a year."
"For the most part, the state has made progress in keeping abortion legal in some parts of the country, especially in the South."
"I feel like I'm just playing with a camera on me and getting out in front of the camera, and we're just going to have to make that change."
"It also made him the No. 1 overall draft choice in the 2013 draft, and he'll go down as one of the best prospects in the draft class."
"In the end, if you have to decide between a two- person cast or a three- person cast, it's probably the latter."
"With four weeks until the presidential election, polls have shown Clinton leading by 7 points in Florida, North Carolina and Ohio."
"I would like to see them agree to a formal ceasefire, the cease- fire on the ground, and the production of food to assist the humanitarian situation there."
"For some families, there's a sense that their children are not worth it because they can't afford to stay."
"\"I will always be the person that is the first to admit defeat,\" he said, saying he will do whatever is necessary to clear his name."
"They were in the kitchen, and she was standing there with her back to the door when the man's knife fell from the kitchen window."
"If you're interested in working at the same time as I am, you can always go to my website and get a free coffee."
"I was going to get down and train with my dad on Sunday night, and then I'd wake up and go to work and then I would go home."
"It is only when you are 60 or 70 that you have the means to look at your time and spend it on something else."
"\"I did not know what to expect but I was very excited to be playing in the Australian Open,\" he said."
"\"The Trump campaign is preparing to lead the charge against these words of mine, which were used to attack Muslims,\" he said."
"The next step in that process is to get to know the people in charge, so we can see where this game is headed."
"I am really pleased that in the last week I had an opportunity to help her as a private client."
"A former Clinton White House official who worked for a Senate committee on the conflict- of- interest laws said Trump should be the Republican nominee."
"They have played really well so far, but we have to get on with it and we will try to keep the lead."
"I don't want to play here for a few weeks so I'll wait to see what happens."
"\"This is a situation where we are absolutely confident we have the right person in place to handle this situation, and we are committed to him,\" he said."
"With a little bit of work it could be done and I'm excited about the prospect of doing it in the summer and I'm looking forward to it."
"I'm not sure if they will be able to save a million dollars on the fine that they're now getting from the Fed."
"\"He made it clear he would like to see all sides of the dispute settled, and we are happy to work with them to resolve this issue,\" he said."
"\"If there's one thing that's going to happen to the United States of America, it's a Trump presidency,\" she said."
"They haven't been able to do so much for this weekend, with the French Open in the works."
"More than 100 countries are said to be affected by the virus, although only one country has been officially identified as a victim of the disease."
"To be honest, when we spoke at this campaign we were kind of like,' I want to go to hell, but you can't."
"I'm not the kind of person to go out and buy stuff because I'm so busy, I don't have time to write."
"We are proud to have achieved that and that is the value of this country and I'm very happy with the results,\" he said."
"I'm happy for a win, but I can see we're still far behind here, and we've got to keep winning."
"The picture was taken just after midnight on March 21, and was posted on the front page of a local newspaper."
"After a long week, they can be pretty tired, especially after the last few days, so I thought I'd let them go."
"One of the things I learned as a young player, and as a teenager, was you never win a title at the highest level."
"But, as the 2016 presidential campaign has turned into the campaign season, it's becoming increasingly difficult to put out candidates on the ballot."
"With her legal team fighting back, she was able to get the judge to drop her charges against the alleged victim."
"But I don't think it's enough to just say that it's a fun thing to do because I like to do it."
"There is a consensus that we are going to have a strong conservative majority in this country, even if it takes years."
"If you can't believe how amazing the company is, and you can't stop thinking about how it's going to grow, don't come."
"The chancellor said his government would pursue the deal at a meeting of the national executive later this month to avoid a repeat of last year."
"I've got to make sure we're not losing ground in the voting for people to run for office."
"He and a half- dozen others attended the speech in which Mr Cameron is expected to announce his support for Brexit."
"You can buy your product on the website, which will get you a list of the most popular brands to pick from, and there are also a few items that you can order from the store."
"I think it's a long time coming, so for me it's really a little bit different."
"I'd like to go out and do a run but I know there's a few holes to get there."
"I don't know what they'll think of me, but I'm going to be there for them."
"It is believed that the two women were already in a relationship when the incident occurred, and that they have two children."
"If you take a long time to tell someone how much they have put into you, it's because they are feeling a sense of loss."
"\"It's about my soul, and I'm still trying to get back in it,\" she said."
"In the end, he had no choice but to accept that he didn't feel like himself at the time."
"For example, a University of Edinburgh study suggests that white working- class men who are active in politics are more likely to vote for candidates who are more anti- white than their black counterparts."
"A refugee from Syria, she is an expert at helping refugees in Germany to find a place to live."
"I think if the police aren't able to understand what's going on, then they will have no choice but to turn it over to us,\" she said."
"\"I'm not surprised, I've been living in a house for 20 years,\" he said."
"He said there was no evidence that the employee had been using a social media account or a computer in the absence of the worker."
"The agency said the record was one of the biggest events in its history- with a record- breaking 54 million visitors in the first 10 months of 2016 alone."
"\"We've had a lot of questions about the security of our women's teams,\" she said."
"I was a bit worried about myself as a kid, but I'm just a kid and I know I want to play and I want to be better."
"\"I don't think he'll be able to make that drive to go to a different state,\" he said."
"He's in the process of doing an office project with a media company, and he's not even on Facebook."
"\"When I am at home I will have a few books, a car, a dog, a dog, all the things I will want to do with my life,\" she says."
"This is an issue that we've had a number of times over the past five years, and it's a concern that we need to address."
"It will be a massive coup for them, because they've lost two of their three major games."
"\"They were so sick, but we just knew we had to get them out,\" she said."
"I think we've all been through the same thing: It's not good enough to be good enough, you have to make the most of your body."
"I'd say to myself,' What am I doing wrong? \"and when you have to look to see if you're going to come out and stay out."
"And even if they don't have the money, the kids will always be there for them, so it's just a matter of time until they get it."
"When you're not being around to be the best you can be, it's important to work hard to get there."
"It's not just for us, it's for everyone, and I think there's a huge need to recognise people who are in a situation where they are in a relationship."
"\"I have to make sure that we're careful not to add to a budget that's not what we really want to spend,\" he said."
"If you were going to sign a free agent, that's a huge win for the team and for us."
"We need to get the ball rolling, get a clear play on the table and get the kind of game we have been missing."
"It's been my way of looking at it for a few years now, and I'm looking forward to the challenge it has brought me."
"He said: \"Our job was to take care of him, but that doesn't mean it was the right thing to do."
"The 25- year- old is still thought to be alive and is expected to survive, although his family believe he may have died from injuries suffered during the collision."
"I'll try to get back to the normal routine, to be the same as my teammates, but I think it's better to be on top of it."
"The police have said they are not in a position to release any information about his death, but they have made no arrests."
"More than 6, 500 people were arrested over the course of the year, the ministry said, adding that at least 1, 500 additional arrests have been made."
"The committee met at the same time as the U. S. State Department announced a plan to deal with refugees who came to the U. S. as children."
"That's not a question many political analysts have posed when they asked people in the UK about their views on Brexit."
"I feel like I can do anything I want and I'll be able to play the way I want to play."
"\"I think I'm the type of person who will buy the ticket and leave it at home,\" she said."
"The end of the year is not always all that important for a team, but I think it's always important for them."
"There are also the more moderate Republicans, who usually turn out for the primary in a state like Arizona that does not have a primary."
"It's the same with the place you're living in, and the businesses that you work in, and everything that's going on in the world."
"But if you have a lot of money you can be a good deal and then it's going to be difficult for you to pay that off."
"I hope they can give me that and I'll be able to focus on the game and help the team win games."
"The number of jobs lost in the UK's worst recession since the late 19th century is estimated to have hit 10 million, as a result of the global financial crisis."
"'They have to be allowed in and the first thing they do is take off their shoes and put on their body to catch up,' she says."
"We're still learning, but the work on those systems is very, very impressive, and we are confident that the engineering team are doing a really good job."
"\"We were the best team that was at the end of the year and we just needed to play better,\" he said."
"More than 60, 000 people have died in the conflict, with over 2. 6 million civilians killed, many of them civilians."
"That's the least of their problems and is part of the reason why I am still in the hunt for them."
"I am very grateful to God for allowing me to be here for a long time and I'm so grateful to have the opportunity to visit with my family and friends."
"In a separate incident, a man was stabbed in the back of the head by a 16- year- old student in North Sydney."
"A huge number of women are still not accepted into the workforce, and many of them have been treated as second- class citizens, or at least are not entitled to our basic needs."
"You just need to be careful when you come out and come out on the pitch, and hopefully I can give myself a bit of a break."
"I'm still concerned about it but I'm not going to repeat what he did to me and the other young boys."
"But in the face of this, he's also had to focus more on the person he's looking at rather than his work."
"Some 28, 000 people from around the globe were killed in the earthquake, more than any other U. S. city, the report said."
"Trump has lost this race to Cruz, with less than a week to go before he can win."
"The alleged victim was in the passenger seat and not in control, with the driver's hand trapped under the seat belt, according to the police report."
"I've had my opportunities to look at some of the more mainstream art shows, and I'm happy with the results."
"The two men had been drinking before the attack, but were able to escape when police arrived, he said."
"The U. S. has been sending troops and advisers to the fight against Islamic State since the start of the war in 2014."
"But the question for his successor is how do they get the business model they've built- and how much of a difference that can make."
"\"I've only been in the NBA a couple of years, and it was a tough experience,\" Brown said."
"The closest thing to a failure to be a leader is not to take the presidency, but to be president."
"The chairman of the board of the restaurant chain said:'We had a big problem with the company's balance sheet and the staff."
"\"It's also one of the reasons why I think [ the Trump campaign ] is going to be the strongest in the history of this campaign,\" he said."
"\"The police have come down to check, and we've got three hours to go,\" he said."
"A second court hearing is set to be held later on Tuesday in Birmingham, where a total of eight people have been charged with a string of offences."
"She said: \"The heart attack was felt to be very early in the process, and I just felt like I could not get out of bed."
"\"They say the main reason you do this is you don't have the skills to make it work,\" he says."
"He said:'It is the same on the one hand when it comes to cuts, but I'm not going to go in and say that's not what they want to hear."
"The father- of- two went to Syria and lived in the UK for about a decade before returning to the States."
"If you want to be good, get good in a bad situation, get the team involved in it."
"But I think people need to really understand that this is a battle we're not going to win this time."
"We've got a lot of young players and we've got a lot of good players that are at their peak."
"\"I didn't go to school, I didn't do anything at the school,\" he said, adding that he was not a natural leader."
"I can't imagine it would be a path for her to go back to school and be a teacher,\" he said."
"She said: \"The difficult part is that you have to start somewhere, you have to try to get as many people in as possible."
"\"In order to do that, you have to play into the hands of the people who want to get rid of you,\" she said."
"\"It is time for the political parties to recognise that there is no alternative to the two parties,\" he said."
"If you play a lot of defense, you can't afford to be out there to score, so they need that."
"\"It was a difficult time for me and I'm sure some of the best players in the world will suffer too,\" he said."
"It's also the way he can keep up the good form he has had in the past and the form he is capable of playing in."
"\"The need to keep communities safe is one of the greatest challenges facing the world,\" she said."
"He has a four- year, $ 21. 5- million contract, and he's not getting any other team."
"\"I've got a bit of a history of getting out in the open, I think, and obviously I did it to a bit of a high,\" he said."
"With his war chest of $ 1 million, Mr. Trump has been a strong supporter of his campaign."
"The deal was signed in Paris last month by French President Francois Hollande, and reached a deal in February."
"He spent about $ 11, 000 on his car but apparently did not feel comfortable with the option to spend even more."
"Now the emails come to light in the United States and it is expected they will come to light in France, Germany and Russia."
"The department said a notice had been sent to customers asking them to \"check their phone before using the internet,\" but it would not comment on how they were affected by the software."
"I don't know how it goes, but there are a lot of people who will get ill."
"The US Department of Health and Human Services is not responsible for any coverage decisions made by individual health care providers."
"The drug is used to treat people who have type 2 diabetes, which could have a big impact on their quality of life."
"Theresa May has been caught up in the \"Brexit \"campaign after Mr Cameron insisted he would not quit the European Commission if she were to leave the European Union."
"And while I could have kept her in a room with a glass of wine, I didn't."
"And, of course, I'm aware of the risks involved in being over- committed to a subject that has a lot of potential for negative outcomes."
"In recent years, we've seen an increase in the number of children playing in the pool, and we've seen the number of children playing in the swimming pool increase dramatically."
"It is now up to the states and local governments in Scotland to decide how to deal with the increase in migrants, the report added."
"If you have a lifetime exposure to the currency and you don't plan on going anywhere near it, the supply will rise."
"\"I'm not a politician, I'm not a TV personality, I don't have any interests,\" he said."
"\"We are not looking at the whole culture of how we're operating here,\" said the source, speaking on condition of anonymity."
"If you have to work 15 minutes to get to the office, and you are not paid by the hour, the boss will probably be more interested in you than you, he said."
"In the video, Trump says he will not be taking \"a stand \"on Syria, but on the subject of U. S.- Russia ties."
"It was a time when I was looking forward to finally finding something to share with friends and family."
"Police found a baby boy alive and taken him to a nearby hospital for treatment, he said."
"\"We've got a whole lot of very talented people now- we've got to keep them,\" he said."
"In a statement posted to the bank's website, the firm said it would have to make \"significant \"improvements to its transport network."
"He wants to have a try- out with the first team, so I'm not surprised."
"'I think that the best way to get rid of someone is to ask them to leave, because if they leave they won't be able to access the mental health services they need."
"'But I will say this, we have a huge and powerful political and military alliance with Russia,' he said."
"It's a shame they went after him because I know he was going to try to get himself back on the pitch."
"\"We have the capacity to make this a reality in the next few years,\" he said, citing \"big data \"as a major advantage."
"The first generation of three- year- olds are more likely to see a social media post as a sign of support."
"The Australian Institute of Sport said this week that it had officially been offered a $ 1 million reward for information leading to the arrest of the suspect."
"\"We were thinking, \"This is not going to be a great campaign,\" and I think that's what we're going to find out,\" he said."
"He's a different type of man, I'm sure, but he's very bright, very smart."
"He is a former player and if he can do that, then I think he can really go forward, he's got to be a great player."
"I think we've made a couple of mistakes in the past and we're a strong team but we just need to learn to stay focused and fight on the right foot."
"We are good at defending but we haven't got the intensity to play them right now and we can't stop them."
"But we can't lose sight of the fact that it's really the only thing we can do."
"She told the Guardian: \"I was just a young girl, so I'd been waiting for my mum to come home from school."
"But the support for his proposals from his supporters will be limited if he doesn't win the nomination, or if he does not gain enough votes to win the White House."
"That's why we're doing this, so that people can come in and try to get a piece of that world."
"The children are already considered to be in good health and our young people are starting to grow up and have a strong connection with each other."
"I'd been in contact with him on a regular basis and he told me that he wanted me to come back to the club."
"He made a joke about how \"he wouldn't die without getting out \"and then he died and they won't even do a second one because they don't know where it is."
"The poll's findings could have a serious impact on the race in Florida, which is one of the last states to vote on the November 8 ballot."
"I don't know what's going on in there, but I have to try to show people that we're not like this."
"If you're travelling to Brazil, or someone else, they are going to see you."
"It was the first time in history that the length of a sentence had been changed to three weeks for a single offence."
"She added:'I would not have had a better life- I had no money, no clothes, no friends- I couldn't afford to go out to work."
"And I think it will be something that I can work on with the rest of the players because I have a lot of experience, so I can work with that."
"He took it all in, and it took us some time to get used to it, but I think we all knew what he wanted to do."
"The officer was shocked by the data, and decided to review the video to determine what happened, the officers said."
"\"I don't think there's any change in my approach, in how I'm running the business,\" he said."
"In this case, the cost of the child's education was lower than at the time the incident was reported."
"\"The most important thing to remember is that I want to be a good mother and a great father,\" he said."
"The council said it was aware of the concerns of the public, and the matter is currently being reviewed."
"Now I am not sure how I'll cope with being in a new life, but I'm happy."
"We will continue to see, with the cooperation of the parties involved, the most important two- day opening of a second inquiry into the incident."
"We just don't get the same message from our country that we get from the other half of the world."
"When he was 14, he was sent back to Pakistan and said he was arrested, detained for six months and forced to go to a hospital for treatment."
"One worker was seriously injured and a third passenger was taken to hospital with minor injuries, the mayor said."
"For example, some 50 percent of women who don't have a husband are less likely to have a child."
"He has a reputation for being a tough guy, especially when it comes to his weapons, and I don't like that."
"\"I have not made up my mind how I want the club to work, but I am committed to playing every day of the season,\" he said."
"\"I don't think they're ready for it yet, but I know it's going to be good and we'll see what happens,\" she said."
"If you don't want to live in a house full of people, then you can't be a writer."
"It's been good so far, but I have got to go in there and enjoy the experience."
"\"I don't think I was really smart in terms of timing my energy in the first half,\" he said."
"The Times's annual study said that the initiative would not reduce unemployment, and it would create jobs, not change the unemployment rate."
"The 10- year- old was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries and has been released from hospital."
"More than a year ago, he said, he was \"never going to be the man I am today \"and his actions indicated he was trying to hurt Hillary Clinton."
"It is worth noting that in June 2012 the US Supreme Court ruled that a single American woman could be free in France without a visa."
"Mr Trump also has a right to spend a lot of his time and money on political rallies, while Mrs Clinton has the right to spend a lot of her time and money in the media and parties."
"This is a woman who has been a police officer for more than 20 years and is a member of the police forces of England, Wales and Northern Ireland."
"So, we were happy with the result, but we don't know if we will see it again."
"It's something that has been missing from the official documents, because they've been in the public records for a long time."
"And for the last two months of 2014, the amount of new work- related income went down by 10. 4 per cent."
"\"It's been a tough week for the Panthers, but we know we have a good game plan for the rest of the year,\" he said."
"I am hoping that the time that I put into my work will give a sense of direction and to become more present with my work."
"This year it will be the fifth year in a row that there has not been a single shooting from the right wing."
"He is also taking a different approach to the race, which could mean losing to Trump in states that support the former reality TV star."
"The report, which is based on a survey of 4, 000 people, also found that \"people seem less engaged \"in the issues affecting them."
"The current minimum wage is one- third of the cost of living in London and one- quarter of the cost of healthcare, though this is not always the case."
"Some of those things are the same as my own, but I just want to get my confidence back and focus on what I did well."
"There's been a lot of pressure on him and I think it's time to go back to what we were before, in terms of the way we approached the game."
"We haven't lost to them, but we've not lost to anyone that's had a bad year."
"\"This is something that is really different to what we've seen in the last few years,\" she said."
"A Texas man who had just paid a $ 2, 500 fine for using his credit card to pay for a beer he didn't order has been sentenced."
"This means we are seeing a new wave of refugees from Syria who have arrived on the Greek islands, arriving by boat."
"The Federal Reserve had planned to cut the rate last month, but the Bank of Japan said it was too late to do so."
"It's such a big deal that I had to go to one of the houses and get a 10- year- old girl to come to talk to me."
"Some of the victims, according to the victim's account, were pregnant and had been in contact with a relative who had recently lost a child."
"If it was a private meeting, it would have been a public vote on the matter and I would have felt that it would have been a good vote to use that as a model."
"It's not easy, but sometimes it's all you can do to make things easier for yourself."
"You're going to have people that are going to have a job to do it, and you've got to make sure the people that are doing the job are in a position to help the people that are doing the job the best."
"The biggest improvement came from the 0. 5% rise in the value of the pound to a historic low of $ 1. 21."
"She said:'We were never able to get into the hotel but at one point we were told that it was a gift and we could stay there."
"The couple, who both attended a free concert in the U. S. at the time, were initially arrested after authorities discovered an alleged cocaine- related offence in their home."
"It is a shame that the Tory government had to cut them back to three, because they didn't deserve to have to live on benefits."
"It's a reminder that you can't just put things on the page, it's about the people who make the decision."
"They are not in a position where we are going to go out and say, you know, I want to be there for your team."
"'I'm proud of my body, but I'm not sure what I've got to do,' he said."
"In the past two years, his net worth has nearly doubled from about $ 1. 4 billion to more than $ 6 billion."
"The US- led coalition has launched airstrikes against IS in Syria since mid- March, but it has yet to launch a major ground campaign."
"More than 100, 000 migrants and refugees have already reached Europe via Greece and Italy since the deal was reached last week."
"\"I'm pretty sure the police would have been on the spot and he probably didn't want to have any contact with the victim,\" she said."
"It is the same in the sense that I'm very comfortable in a position where I can be anywhere I want to be."
"With the vast majority of people in the region not working, the country's unemployment rate is now close to half that of England."
"The new rules also apply to Uber drivers who can claim a claim on a service in the UK, meaning it can be made without paying any tax."
"She'll be playing her first tour at the age of 15 and will have a wonderful time, but I'm also sure she'll be ready for the world."
"So we made a decision to stop this race on the basis of what we thought would be the best outcome for us."
"The health board is now taking a longer view because the appeal process is so long and the NHS has so many years to go before it is able to produce a final decision."
"If you want to see something, you have to go and buy it and you have to stay on it until you're happy with it and then you can get another one."
"I've always loved listening to music, but I didn't like it when I saw him playing."
"He is also a member of the parliamentary Labour Party, where he was Labour's shadow parliamentary leader from 2009 to 2013."
"And we must not forget the important role that these boys play in our sport, in our community, in our society."
"He said:'The station will not know what's going on until it's closed and the only information will be from our own team."
"The popular policy was designed to encourage people to seek out new jobs at a higher rate of pay and to encourage them to work more hours."
"There's a lot of fans out there that want to play for us and I'm very disappointed with the way we played."
"A former high- ranking official at the department of foreign affairs told the Associated Press he had been told by the U. S. administration that the United States was at war with North Korea."
"\"You might have to ask yourself if you would be able to raise this money again after so much damage was done,\" he said."
"To start with, the problem with global warming is that we are not aware of it, we have a small piece of it."
"He did not say why he had not been arrested but said it was because he was not in possession of drugs and had only been in the United States for a few months."
"He's still got a lot of work to do, but he's ready for a challenge."
"It's not like the people of the house would be happy with that, but I'm definitely happy with what we've done."
"The road may be a little bit more open, but it's not the usual stretch of roads that we'd expect."
"\"The pound is in trouble and it's not going to stop us, we are at the end of the road,\" he said."
"To the president, to be able to play this game, it's just a very, very special thing."
"In the last three years, we have received more than 6, 000 applications for visa- free travel."
"It's important to tell people how you are feeling about what's going on, and what to do about it."
"The death toll from the storm is expected to rise as high as five, with two deaths in a single day."
"\"If you don't feel like saying it to someone, then do it to them, that's what we do,\" she said."
"I am doing everything I can to help, but I have to look after myself and not my family,\" she said."
"I've been a bit less interested in the game recently, I'm still just trying to get into the team and hopefully I can do that at some point in the future."
"The group claimed to have paid off a debt of over \u00a3 1, 000, 000 for a part- time job at a London hotel."
"A man who stabbed a woman to death in a car park has been jailed for life."
"I have been playing in that group for the last three weeks and it is very good to be back and it has been a tough game so far."
"There are only so many things that can go wrong when it comes to a company's tax strategy, and some of the biggest mistakes are going to happen."
"The first three years are important because you can't see if the model is going to work for you."
"If the British can help it on that track, then we're in for a very good one in that regard."
"I wouldn't want a child to be born without a father, who's been so lovely to me."
"\"That's where we feel like we're at a very dangerous point,\" he said."
"He was only in the last five or six years of his career, so he's been just in that period of time."
"I don't want to know who they are but the question is, why didn't you ask them?"
"I have been in contact with the deputy chief executive of the state pension fund and the owner of the pension fund to discuss the issue."
"The Treasury has said the UK can retain tax- free status under the European Union's tax rules, but it said it would not be able to offer that on the same scale as in the UK."
"The video has been viewed more than 9 million times on YouTube and has become the nation's most- watched video of all time."
"It's an open question if the EU's current stance is any indication, but the suggestion is not good."
"If a bomb were to go off, the children wouldn't know the danger they are in and the bomb would be destroyed."
"On Monday, Apple said it would roll out the feature in the United States, but the firm said it is not planning to push it to other parts of the world."
"We're trying to build momentum against the Chinese so we can start the season well."
"\"What we have is an open border that has been for decades, and there are not migrants crossing our border,\" he said."
"\"If we don't, then we're not going to be able to save the environment,\" he said."
"The report also said: \"The majority of students who graduate at secondary level are from ethnic minority ethnic groups."
"In the short- term, it would allow government to get rich at a time when the economy is still doing well."
"I don't think he wants to be here, but if he wants to be here, he'll play."
"The Australian Cup was the first international competition for a football team in the Australian Capital Territory for 40 years and has come to be seen as the most important sporting event of the year."
"In a surprise move, the party will not be allowed to announce its total finances until after the June 23 election."
"He's my favorite player, so I like him a lot and I have a lot of respect for him."
"\"But I think you should be able to go around and see what the best ideas are and give them your support,\" she said."
"He also added:'I just have to be prepared for the moment, I'm ready to go."
"He's been really busy, so we'll have to see how that goes tomorrow, if he's still around."
"What's more, Sanders is using his Democratic convention as a political platform to address what he sees as the broader problems facing the Democratic Party."
"It will be a community and you're going to see lots and lots of different people in the theatre and I'm really pleased."
"This may be the first time the United States and Russia have met since Moscow began a military offensive in Syria in November 2015."
"\"We were taking in just over 300 people a day and we did not have a majority in our house, so we decided to have a third floor,\" he said."
"\"You see, the closest thing to a country that I've ever seen is at a white, middle class, white community,\" he said."
"She said:'I have never thought about running away from a fight because I want to make sure that it is not someone else's fault."
"The Labor Department also said Tuesday that the total number of people employed in the retail industry had increased by almost 25 percent."
"The price of housing in the city, which has been largely left behind by the recession, was about half that of Hong Kong, the researchers said."
"That means you should have a good enough idea of what you're doing and, if you don't, you won't."
"He has been responsible for a significant amount of state and federal investigations into the Trump Organization, and he has also been involved in a number of other high- profile investigations of the business."
"A new poll shows Hillary Clinton with a 41- point lead over Donald Trump in South Carolina, according to the Associated Press."
"\"We're all friends, and it's just like a storm has hit us,\" she said."
"In an interview with the newspaper, he said: \"I don't know how to answer that question, I don't know if I can answer it, but I am very disappointed by the results."
"A spokesman for the state medical board said the device was not a device to prevent infections, but simply to reduce the risk of infection."
"The great thing about this is that people can see the damage from what you're doing and understand what the damage is and you can't just ignore it."
"The real issue is, what if, for instance, a young, well- educated man or woman, the drug is a real problem?"
"And of course, in the process of all this, I'm also going to make a deal with the European Union about a billion euros."
"And it is possible, if you've got a strong argument to support it, to go for the option of something that is easier to support."
"It's not only because of that, but because I am so angry because I know he wouldn't do that."
"\"We need to make sure we have the capacity and experience to handle the growth of this market,\" he added."
"\"I'm very proud of her, but it was a really tough thing for the first time to go through that, and I guess I got off to a good start,\" he said."
"\"The commission has not taken any recommendations from it into account, and has not reviewed them,\" a spokesman said."
"I'm not a politician, I'm a coach, I'm a manager- this is not a football club, this is a club that I'm working for."
"'I went to the doctor on the way home and he didn't give me any treatment and that was the worst day of my life,' she said."
"For instance, we should all be paying more attention to the economic and social conditions of the world population than we are to the individual."
"I'm going to stand up for our city, and I'm going to stand up for my family, and I'm going to stand up for our veterans and for the veterans of this country."
"There's a lot of that being a mum, because I've had a couple of babies and I've done the routine for my children."
"In the final, they were down to their third- place finish in the 2016 Masters, which was a more dominant performance."
"If you think this is a problem for you, then there are a lot of people who would rather not read about it."
"In general, it's easier to go straight to the exit if you have a good sense of what's happening, and if it's more difficult to go straight to the exit."
"It was a really nice tour and it was a lot easier to miss out on because of the energy of the game."
"But at the moment, I can't see a way to get the country back on track and at the same time do what I need to do."
"In theory, this could be the next big thing for the digital age: the information revolution."
"At the same time, officials said they have seen no evidence of a terrorist cell carrying out attacks in Europe."
"And it's a show about the power of not just the spoken word and the need to not just accept ideas, but also speak them."
"I don't want to talk about the white noise, the media, the fact that they don't like me."
"The city is also reporting a 4 percent increase in the number of youth who have been arrested during the same period."
"The latest figures show that in a month last week, more than 6, 000 people were infected with the virus."
"Police in Scotland are investigating after a man was allegedly stabbed in the head with a knife at the home of a woman in a south London flat."
"The first thing we've learned from this is that no one is immune from it, and we need to get rid of it quickly."
"It's a little bit different this time and I'm more confident now that I've got a winner in my back pocket."
"And if you get an error message that says, \"You cannot enter,\" you have the option of going to the website and trying again."
"The only thing that I can tell you is that I have done everything in my power to make sure that the policy is followed."
"In the country with the highest level of immigration, the rate is 12. 6 per cent ; in the country with the lowest, it is 17. 1 per cent."
"It's like a big, old lady coming out to a party, then she's gone again, and then you have to go back."
"A spokeswoman said the employee had not reported the incident and was in good condition and was due to be released from the hospital on Monday."
"I'd rather have them stay for me, but I don't want them to leave me because I don't want to get injured."
"The poll also shows the Clinton campaign with a 3- point lead in the popular vote, but with Trump in the White House."
"It's not like we're a lot better in terms of winning games but we are, but I think we're in good shape."
"\"This is a true celebration of how different the city is from the rest of the country,\" he said."
"The judge heard that when he entered a guilty plea he admitted he was guilty of one count of possession of cannabis, but said he was only guilty of two counts."
"But he said the decision to cut the deficit from 0. 7% to 0. 9% was taken out of context."
"In April, he was charged with three counts of domestic violence and was released on bail."
"I've worked with her in her office, and I know she's well- spoken and able to work through the issues of her office."
"When I first started playing golf, I was like, \"I don't want to play with this guy."
"'It is an amazing story, but if you are a young person who has not read it, it will be impossible to keep up with,' he said."
"\"I've seen a lot of people throw away their money and go to the bank to buy a new car,\" she said."
"She has had her share of success, and has, so far, been able to travel the country without fear of arrest."
"This is a topic that will be a major source of debate, particularly among voters, as Clinton's appeal for African American voters has been critical in many states."
"I was always concerned that people would miss out on the benefits of moving to this country,\" he said."
"\"It was very important for me to go and be here and hopefully have a good experience,\" he said."
"A $ 6. 6 billion dollar earthquake that struck eastern Turkey on Tuesday killed at least 28 people and injured several hundred others."
"The UK government, which would have to provide the financial support, has said it is not worried."
"But if you are looking to become a professional chef, there are only so many opportunities you can get in the market."
"He's not that type of player, so there's no reason why he should be sitting in the back of your mind right now."
"The findings suggest that people who drink heavily are also more likely to be affected than people who drink no more or less."
"I've just got to make sure that I'm going to keep it positive and when I'm playing well, I'm going to get another opportunity."
"The NFL has been in discussions for months about a possible expansion, and while it's a long shot, owners will have more than enough money to give their hopes a shot."
"It will be important to try and make sure that we can have a successful return for them and get them home with a great finish."
"The only two polls with confidence ratings higher than 50 per cent are the ones released each day."
"Police, meanwhile, have refused to comment on the evidence they have heard from the victim's family and friends."
"\"My mother and I don't speak very much English, but I know it's the language I will always have in my head,\" he said."
"\"It is likely to be a large government budget deficit, and the cash flow will be less than the government budget,\" the report said."
"\"We were playing a good game and we came back, which is going to be great for our supporters,\" he said."
"A white woman driving the car was a passenger in the back seat, while a black woman driving a white car was in the front seat."
"The academy has already identified 10 candidates, and they will go on to be candidates in the presidential election on 5 June."
"This is the first time we have been doing this type of research in Europe for a long time."
"I don't know how to explain it, but the two boys running at me were obviously going to get a better look."
"The trio say they are now struggling to find a place to live, even after moving to the south of the city."
"The UK, a key ally of the US, has backed the project, which has been backed by the European Commission and the US State Department."
"She was not formally nominated for an award, but received one in October 2012 after saying she was not \"very interested \"in the nomination process."
"The debate, in which Clinton will appear on the Republican side, was viewed as a potential opportunity for Sanders to break with the Vermont senator over his poor showing in the Democratic primaries."
"This is a position which will require a lot of work but it is a significant one for our brand, and certainly a significant one for the business."
"In the three years since he was elected, the property has lost a good deal of its value and the search for a new home is on."
"And that is why we are now doing more to help those who are struggling with what's going on."
"It's also a reminder to people in the community of the best of our work, what we do and how we go about it."
"On the other hand, another study in November found that a single night can actually increase your risk of heart disease."
"He said he has been on the run from the scene and he was taken to the hospital with serious injuries."
"\"It is not a question of whether they will go to the referendum or not, but whether they will be willing to deal with the issues,\" he said."
"I'm sure people are disappointed by that, but I don't think it will affect anyone."
"I think you can see it's not a new policy or anything new, but that it is going to have a significant impact."
"But he said he was \"extremely disappointed \"by the results, which had been announced in the autumn budget and had not been made public in the final report."
"That's an important consideration for all of us, and the first thing you want to do is to keep the door open until the debate goes on."
"But it was the first time in 15 months that the women's game was not playing well for us."
"This was not because I wasn't in a mood to help the other guys out, but because I was having a good time."
"And it's the good people who see it and it's not the people who would necessarily be interested in it and they don't like it."
"It was about looking forward and thinking how wonderful it would be to get a nomination for president and how I would be able to get it."
"\"I felt like I was a role model for a lot of women, and I don't want to be a role model for my young daughters,\" he said."
"The city has also been forced into a state- sponsored recall of nearly 500, 000 phones because of security concerns."
"I think it's really important for us to find a way to have this conversation around these issues that we all know and love."
"He is an independent person, so it's like he has made a decision that he will do whatever he thinks is best for the game."
"I was excited to see it, so I just sat there and watched it on TV and I'm so proud of it."
"\"I just want to know if it was OK to tell your mum that you're gay,\" one said."
"\"I had to go to see him and I didn't want to go, so I'm happy to get out of here,\" he said."
"It's not just about the quality of the work, it's about the fact that I can get the credit."
"We've been offered a change of administration and we're all going to get in, but it's not going to happen."
"I don't know what they are, but I think it's really important for them to find out and hopefully give them a better understanding of what they are in."
"The reason is that Britain's economic growth has been in decline for more than a quarter of a century."
"She was killed in a shoot- out in February 2015, but she remains a part of our family and our people."
"The reason is that the more money they are able to invest, the more likely they are to be able to manage their funds properly."
"To be a part of a family and not have to worry about the family, it was the right thing to do, and I am really proud of that."
"And the most important thing for me is to come out here and play like I've done in the past and to win, and we'll see what happens."
"'And I'd have to say, I'm not a fan of the prosecution, because I'd like to see a charge against him."
"It is the worst ever and the Broncos will hope they can turn it around in a season that will be dominated by the big clubs."
"But the Supreme Court of Canada ruled last year that people living in the country could still be eligible to vote."
"We did the research, and I found out there's no other way to get a phone in your house."
"As well as the \u20ac 5, 000 cost for the air taxi, which had a total cost of \u20ac 10, 000, he also made a \u20ac 500 contribution to the D. N. C. \"cash fund."
"The success of the Trump campaign, in part, is down to the fact that he was able to get an audience with his own brand of Republican talk."
"But even as I began to see how other people perceived me, I couldn't imagine the amount of respect I'd received from my family."
"The report states that when it comes to the finances of the four states with the highest levels of school choice, education is at the core of the question."
"A spokesman said: \"We have long warned of the risks posed by being on the front lines of our armed forces."
"The season is set to kick off in Canberra on Tuesday and teams are expected to go to the games later in the year."
"\"It will be an amazing feeling and I want to see it happen,\" he said."
"This is not my opinion, this is what I have always known, that this is not what it is like for me, and that I can't control."
"The suspect, identified as a 29- year- old man, was arrested and is being held without bond, authorities said in a statement."
"A lot of the time, when you're having a conversation and you're talking about something you don't understand it, it's the same thing."
"He was a great influence on the entire business and he was involved with the company for over 20 years and we're really proud of him."
"The event, which will take place on a scale of 1 to 100, will be open to everyone from Saturday until Sunday."
"It's a positive and it's not a negative thing because I've worked hard on it since I was a kid."
"I have known him for a long time, and I have never seen him anything like this before, at this stage of his career."
"The ACT Premier, the Queensland Premier, and the Victorian Premier all said they will be calling for the right \"rules \"for the project."
"The UK, for instance, had 1. 3 million new cases of the drug last year, compared with just over 400 in 2006, the study added."
"\"I know the manager can see, but it's not the way it used to be,\" he said."
"\"We were never in a position to compete on the road and we are getting closer and closer to the end of the season,\" said Wright."
"The Pentagon announced on Friday that the drone had been damaged, but no injuries were reported."
"I'd like to be in the mix to be a good captain of the team and be a good captain of the club."
"At that moment, the person that needed to know, did not know, but the one with the right person, was always in trouble."
"\"If it's on the roads then people are going to be talking about it in the future,\" she said."
"They don't have to do anything for us, we don't have to take care of them and we don't have to be there for them."
"\"They have been a big part of our preparation this year,\" he said, \"and they've been the most important part of the game for us."
"We've got to make a big play because the best thing is we're not going to be getting beat up."
"If you don't think you have a chance to win it, if you're not prepared to win it, you're not prepared to win the game."
"\"A lot of the people I've talked to, they have a plan, they have goals, but they don't have a plan at the moment,\" he said."
"I've also been in discussions with the captain about what we could do in the future to try and improve the squad."
"But I'm a little bit worried, because if I'm not the player we've got to be a little bit more aggressive."
"The goal is to have everyone who knows the game in a place to come to and take a look at the team,\" he said."
"The rally, which was held at the government- run airport on Tuesday, was the first time since the United States opened a military base on the island in 2014."
"She called him up in a little bit of a rush and he just said, \"I've got to go,\" and he's like, \"I can't do that."
"He would never have had a chance in the first place, and he couldn't have survived without the support of the community."
"\"As far as I'm concerned, I'm a journalist and I'm happy to report on the issues that matter,\" he said."
"I thought maybe I could do a bit of other stuff- I don't want to do it all the time."
"The view is that if the Tory leadership is not good enough for the future of Britain, then let's make a Labour government, and if it's not, then we have to leave."
"Trump is also tied with Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders with 19 percent, and Ohio Senator John Kasich is leading with 14 percent."
"I don't think you have to look much further than the rise of Donald Trump in the United States."
"\"I don't know if it's a direct hit, or I'm thinking it's a direct hit,\" he said."
"If you are tired of the other party being the party that speaks for you, we can't go along with that."
"I don't know where we're going to go, but we'll see what happens."
"\"I don't know if he's going to get a job here or if he's going to come here and do it,\" Sanders added."
"The study found that women's bodies were not as sensitive as men's as well as men's, and a higher risk of breast cancer."
"He's been on my radar a little bit and I didn't want to do anything to him."
"At the start of the week, the White House promised to keep on the \"blue line \"in the fight against Islamic State, and on Friday, President Obama announced he had opened up a second front in the fight against Islamic State."
"\"I hope that people will see the light at the end of the tunnel and that they will be able to find their way out,\" he said."
"If you're lucky, the food is quite good and I got it for $ 1. 95."
"I'll just walk back into the office, I'll go home to have my car checked, and I'll get on with my life,\" he said."
"That's why I want to ask them about how they feel about this issue, and what they hope to achieve with this election."
"He has been in the spotlight in recent weeks over allegations of sexual assault and drug use, and has gone on a five- year absence from the family."
"He is seeking to add a new Celtic striker, but the 23- year- old will be ready when the deadline comes."
"We hope the process will go well and we'll get an opportunity to play again this year and hopefully build on the results we've had this year."
"He had been worried that the Trump Tower would be a target for the hacking and he said he did not believe that was the case."
"\"I was a big fan of the show and I wanted to see what he was going to do when he was back,\" she says."
"I'm looking forward to giving her a lift to my office here in New Orleans on Tuesday, September 11."
"\"The work to make sure we build new markets here in the US is very good,\" he said."
"We need to learn from the experiences that we have had and develop into a plan that is both safe, stable and effective."
"The same can be said for an inquiry in China which is due to be a joint project of the two bodies."
"And this would be something that I could be responsible for in the future, so I would know what he was doing when he was at home."
"It's an issue that has not been addressed in the Democratic primaries, which have largely been held in rural areas."
"He is at a loss for words about the position he is taking, given that he is only 29."
"The former TV host is expected to be formally appointed as prime minister in his first cabinet meeting as prime minister, a source close to the prime minister told Reuters."
"\"It's a great club, and if we play again I'm sure we'll go on,\" he said."
"You want to feel like a complete professional and if you're not professional, you want to stay."
"'I know I can't control what is going to happen and I can't let that stop me from doing what I want to do, which is campaigning,' she said."
"If you want to be on the cutting edge of any future film, you've got to ask yourself this: What is the world like tomorrow?"
"It's a huge opportunity for the Australian economy, with thousands of people working and travelling to work and trade, and much of the country's infrastructure."
"I remember the first time I made my first two- year NBA contract, and I had already made the $ 12 million in a free agent deal in 2013."
"In order to ensure that the Commonwealth has the resources to deliver the services we need to win the next election we have to find a way to spend them."
"The report says there are no doubt \"significant \"groups of people who are at greater risk from an increase in the risk of heart disease."
"While the images might not seem like a big deal, they are not the only thing that have come to light in the last few weeks."
"Trump's team was concerned that if he won the presidency, voters in South Carolina would be able to sign up for his email program."
"\"This will be the first time I have had to share an album in the past three months,\" he says, adding that he didn't know what to expect."
"\"We were not prepared to ask him to come out of his own world,\" the source said, adding that the Russian authorities had called in a helicopter to remove him."
"\"We're seeing a real sharp decline in the value of the property,\" he said, adding that it was \"absolutely \"worth investing in."
"But we have also got the ability to play a part in the future if we do well and we have a good squad."
"The latest figures show that the British economy is on track for an annual growth rate of 3. 8 percent this year, compared with a growth rate of just 2. 7 percent last year."
"He's the guy that could go anywhere, and I think he could have a big impact on the game, and I think we were disappointed."
"One option is to go a bit faster to turn it into a short term asset and sell it off to an offshore fund with a large profit margin."
"A real estate agent from London told the Independent:'I've lived in London for 16 years, and I've never heard of a construction site in England."
"The latest poll finds that more than half of voters, 48 per cent, believe a candidate should be allowed to run for office."
"But if you don't think you can do it, why risk it if you can only do it once?"
"We had a little bit of a chance in the first half, we had a chance in the second half and we did it."
"This is the first time the Fed has raised rates in more than a decade in the United States and it is a sign of a global trend."
"The government has said the terror group has been responsible for the attacks since July 2015, when a large bomb went off in Paris."
"The BBC said it was not the first time a woman had been killed by a police officer in the line of duty."
"It will be an interesting week for the world of football, as it will be the first time we have seen any major Spanish club."
"\"I'm not happy with it, and I'm not taking any money from anybody,\" he said."
"I thought that in general we could take the same approach and go from no money to a very nice gift."
"She is now a senior adviser to a senior campaign adviser, who helped to set up the meeting and who is not yet connected to the campaign."
"I'm really excited for the first time in my career, I think it's good, but I'll be the first player to ever be invited to the Olympics."
"The government had sought to buy a stake in the country's energy company in March, but it refused to back the deal."
"To be honest, I can't think of a better time to be a father, I'm just really sad that I was going to have to give up my life to do it."
"On Tuesday, President Obama sent a letter to Congress saying that the U. S. should not make nuclear weapons a part of the U. S. strategy for world peace."
"That's right: if there is a substantial difference in opinion, it's going to be tough to get rid of it."
"I would say, he is a great leader in this country, but he is not in the political system as he should be."
"\"I don't know if I could be in a position to compete like that, but I've got to do what I have to do to get a job done,\" Smith said."
"At the same time, we have to understand that all the things that are going on in our lives can affect us."
"The UK's armed forces have already joined a rising number of countries in seeking to target terror suspects, with one EU source suggesting that the UK would be the first to do so."
"She was in her 20s and was arrested and charged with using a weapon of mass destruction."
"\"This is just an opportunity to learn from him, not to try to convince him that he should be in the squad,\" he told the BBC."
"\"I have to admit that I was disappointed with the way they were playing,\" he said."
"The statement said a new system of communication would be established and some controls would be imposed on what people could talk about online."
"\"We are committed to the best interests of our players and we have been informed by the manager, the players and the coaching staff that we will make a decision next week,\" he said."
"\"She was a very strong character and she took a very good stand,\" said one witness."
"Some 14, 000 children are in the care of the UK's main social care services and one in three of those children are unable to go to primary school."
"\"There's only one thing I want to say to you,\" one of the men said, according to the article."
"'I'm very pleased with the result but there is a big gap between what we are getting from the TV market and what is coming from the media market,' he said."
"In a statement on Wednesday, the company said it would fix its software to make it easier to register as a US citizen, and that it would also offer free streaming to US citizens."
"\"I don't know if she's a parent or not, but I know she has her own view of the world, she doesn't want to be in that world,\" he said."
"He had told police he was about to leave the pub when he was shot, police said, and it appeared he was driving his car."
"I've been a huge supporter of the party's national executive and I'm just going to stand by the leadership and continue to be a huge supporter of the party and I have said so many times."
"The aim of the ban is to keep people from driving up the risk of harm in the event of a collision, Mr Taylor said."
"In the end, his intervention was an act of self- against the social order- to save the free market from itself."
"\"If there's a chance to have a vote, I'll stand with it,\" she said."
"The bill, approved last month by a vote of 21 to 14, is set to be presented to the House of Commons on Thursday."
"I'm not sure I've got the tools to do it, but the best thing to do is to keep it in check."
"They'll make us pay for this, and if we don't have money, we'll have to make people pay for it."
"For example, a person could be offered a job, and asked to work three days, three weeks, or four days at a time."
"It's an exciting time for Scottish rugby and we look forward to seeing the players we expect from the Championship."
"They're having a lot of fun and there's a lot of energy around them, and that's what makes them so special."
"A senior US official told CNN that \"it is very clear that the United States is not prepared to engage in direct military action against the Assad regime."
"\"The Government wants to build a wall along the border between the United States and Mexico, and they have no plan,\" he said."
"She said it is an \"historic \"time for women to be treated equally and said she hoped the EU will help build a more equal society."
"The new position means that when the workers'workers are told they have to leave, they have to pay their wages at a lower rate than they do now."
"If you look at our product, it's one of the very best products we have ever made."
"\"The former president was willing to go to jail for what he believes was a political act,\" he told the BBC."
"In October, Turkey's Federal Police published an arrest warrant for a 16- year- old student who had been living in Germany."
"We have to be very careful about what we say and how we say it because we don't want people to forget."
"They are committed to the principles of equity in the workplace and family, and make their views known to employers and staff."
"The paper's political editor said: \"The allegations are serious and people should not expect it to go away."
"It's good to see the talent in the front row and we are delighted to be supporting that by giving them a chance to play in front of us again."
"It's not just a question of how we can achieve it, it's a question of what we want to achieve."
"To that end, as a result of the Iraqi government's move, the Iraqi Parliament has been established."
"\"If you don't have a good enough team, there's not going to be enough opportunities to help you win,\" he said."
"There is a good chance that this will be the first time they will agree to a draft on Thursday night, which is the closest thing to a formal agreement yet reached."
"The London- based firm said it had 1, 000 employees in Scotland but was not involved in any legal action."
"In order to get a smaller tax bill, companies must pay the tax on the amount they have invested in the company, which then rises."
"So let us work together, to build a better world and a better people,\" he said in the speech."
"'I think it's important for her to get home, she needs to feel comfortable with her situation,' he said."
"This season is a big step up and the team are capable of starting from the back half and winning games at the top of the table."
"A Tory MP has been sacked for an alleged abuse incident in which he was accused of sexual abuse by two staff."
"I've always enjoyed playing, I enjoy the challenges and it's not the same in the last couple of years because it's different now."
"I would like to think that it's the normal way that we talk to our children and what we do to our children's children."
"\"I feel like a lot of people, especially younger ones, feel like the picture of that man in the book is quite lost,\" he said."
"\"The problem is that the companies that are selling them aren't the ones that can bring in people to operate these products,\" he said."
"I think we need to be very clear, the United States is not a military power, it's not a country."
"At this point, even if we get the ball out of our hands and get them into the box, we can't play the way we're used to playing."
"It's like the art of the chase: you are a target for someone and they want you to chase them."
"There were a lot of students, and lots of the industry in terms of advertising, and this has a lot of people here, so I'm not surprised by it."
"'He said he would be looking after us for a week- what we do now,' she said, according to a news release."
"The Bank of England will be able to reduce its capital requirements in the UK by up to 3% in 2017, following the UK's vote to leave the EU."
"If the election was tomorrow, you can just go and vote for what you want, and be happy with what you did, and you're not going to worry about what the outcome is."
"She is a British citizen, so she can have a degree or a technical background in Britain, and then come to France and become a doctor."
"It wasn't a long time ago that most people didn't believe in scientific evidence of global warming, but it has now become a thing of the past."
"The Olympics will be held in Rio in early July and the men's soccer team will be competing in the second round on June 10."
"A police spokesman said the man's injuries were not life- threatening, and he was taken to a local hospital where he died."
"But it's the second time he has been arrested for a second time in the same year, and the first time in 2015."
"The BBC has said that the new rules will not affect what it calls the \"strategic integrity of the BBC \"but it will not be open to the media organisations."
"The 35- year- old, who was originally from Sweden, said:'I'm not really sure where I'm coming from."
"\"Theresa May wants to lead a different era,\" said one source close to the Queen, who is expected to be among those who will attend."
"The current rate of inflation will reach its highest level since the first quarter of 2009, and will hit a record low of 0. 75% in March."
"This was just a special year and we are delighted that he has come and gone and we are excited for him to be in the squad."
"\"I have to say that I've always been surprised when I've heard from anyone that I can be a part of a project,\" he said."
"They weren't really able to get us to the front of the field or the front of the field area and I think they just came up with the wrong plays."
"I am sure he will be a very good player for us but it will be a while before we see him play a top- level game."
"The day of the attack, the 16- year- old girl was travelling with her father, aged 24, and six- year- old brother, aged 17."
"The Bank of England's latest data showed that Britain's economy grew by 0. 3 percent in the quarter ending in June, compared to the 0. 4 percent growth recorded in the same period a year ago."
"\"The people are not going to have to be like, \"We are the only ones here,\" \"she said."
"\"That's what I was looking at the other day, that we can't do anything about until we're in the process of preparing to get there,\" she said."
"\"There is only a shadow of truth in all of it,\" the man said, pointing out that the model was meant to be used by police officers."
"He has been a constant presence on the court since he took over in 2009, scoring 15 goals in 27 appearances, including his first career six- game goal on Dec."
"It's good that we got some good results but it's important to be able to push us out of the group and out of the group because we're the first team that will finish up in the group."
"The couple are both employed by the firm but have not had a formal interview in which to discuss their work arrangements."
"A: We don't want to be afraid to do things that hurt our children and our customers, but we do know that this is the right thing to do."
"You never know what's going to happen, and that's what he did, and he has put himself in the position of trying to make a difference and I think he's going to make a difference."
"\"I feel like when we get a good result, we'll give it our best shot,\" he said."
"\"I know it's a great honour to play here, I'm very grateful for the opportunity to go up there,\" she said."
"One of the things I'm really proud of in my career is being able to do what we've done here over the last few years."
"The decision to cut the funding was made after a complaint was made to the Health and Safety Executive, and it was taken down."
"\"I was concerned that it was not going to be an easy trip but we got off the plane and went on to the hospital,\" she said."
"But when I first heard about this I was surprised at the amount of success it was making, but I am still not sure where we are."
"We want to see the results of what we've seen over the last four years and hope it's in the interest of our fans to take part in the political debate."
"\"I am sorry to hear that you have been detained in Malaysia,\" he said, adding that he had no intention of going to the police station."
"He's very smart, but the other guy is still a little bit in the game, so we don't have much of a relationship."
"\"I don't think we need to put it on the table because what we are doing now is necessary,\" he said."
"The FBI said the death was caused by a \"very rare \"where the body was found, though it did not say whether the person or group responsible had been formally identified."
"It is not the first time that the Greek government has done something like that in the past three months."
"A source close to the firm said the law enforcement agencies could now agree to a contract for cooperation with the search."
"We were in a group and we had a few of them before we got the call from the police, it was a real quick hit."
"On the other side, a large proportion of the industry's top managers are women, and many still find it hard to find and retain women in their roles."
"We now know that the system of rules, which allows for the public to vote on the issue of which candidate is more likely to win the election, is a waste of time, it could be better to put a date on it."
"The Department of Health and Human Services said there were no specific rules to prevent parents from being unable to leave a home, or buy a home that would prevent them from getting married."
"The newspaper said in a statement on Thursday that it had \"all but cancelled the contract \"because of the economic situation."
"\"There is nothing to stop me going after the law- breaking person who broke my promise to protect the child,\" he said."
"It's really hard to get in a room and not hear what the other person is saying or how they're feeling."
"He said: \"We have been talking to the doctor about this for a while and we have got the cancer gone but we have to make sure we keep the patient safe."
"The 28- year- old was arrested on Tuesday in the same area and is due to appear in court on March 6."
"He was accused of killing the man and then of killing himself, but police refused to say if he died or was alive."
"If I am wrong, I am not going to call anybody and I'm not going to look for a black woman,\" he said in a video posted to Facebook."
"\"I don't think I was raised in a home where I have to do things like that,\" she told Fairfax Media."
"I think the manager was very fair to him, because he did not take anything away from me, and I am sure he will do well."
"I think we have to be very careful because the world is only half- finished with those of us in that team."
"The numbers of Americans who say they support Trump are similar to those who don't support Clinton, suggesting a general election battle is not far away."
"He said he knew they were not the first to be targeted but they were two of the most frequent targets."
"\"I am really proud of the group that I have and I am looking forward to continuing the success we have established over the next four years,\" he said."
"\"For now, the size of the team- we're in the mix of making a full- length programme,\" she said."
"The second half of the season is critical, and it is why the last few weeks have been a battle to control the momentum."
"He says it's \"hard to believe that I have ever been told that I was a good person."
"\"They are, as we know, given the rest of the team and it's just an opportunity to try and come back and play with the ball,\" he added."
"He added: \"What we have to do is to work with, at the very least, the UK government to show that these are investments that will give jobs to people, not just new technology."
"I think it's really important that we get a good performance out of the players, and if they do well in training then they should be able to play on Saturday."
"\"It was a pretty decent first round but I thought it was a bit too good,\" she said."
"I feel for the men, and for the women, and I feel sorry for them for doing what they did and what happened last night."
"It's only going to get better over the coming weeks and months and then it will go even better,\" said the chief executive."
"\"I was so worried that I could never be a mother again,\" she said, adding that she feared that if she did not get pregnant she would not be able to keep her children."
"While the latest migration figures could be a sign that Germany is dealing with a crisis, they are also evidence that migration is still in decline."
"The team has been working on the review for at least a decade, and it will make a significant impact on the sport."
"As a first- year coach, he's seen a lot of success with these guys, and we can't wait to get going."
"The Dodgers are in a new era and they have one of the better defensive systems in the league and they are going to have to do everything they can to defend the ball."
"However, when she was in the car with the man, she couldn't see him, so she took his phone."
"He won't run any more, and there are only a handful of places in the UK where he can run."
"\"I don't think it's an issue for me because I have been an Australian citizen since the early 1990s,\" he said."
"And when he heard the news, he was so worried he didn't go to the doctor because he wasn't sure what to do with his money."
"The group is already well- known in the industry, and the four- year- old project has been shot in a remote location."
"The prime minister has said he would like to see the UK leave the single market before Brexit and that he would like to see the UK introduce a deal in principle before the UK leaves the EU."
"A man who attacked two men and his wife while they were waiting to get out of the car has been jailed for six years."
"He's been charged with possession of a controlled substance and possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver a controlled substance."
"But we should be careful about putting our troops in harm's way so that they don't harm others,\" he said."
"\"That's the idea- I'm not going to do anything that's going to make him happy,\" he said."
"But here we are, and I'm here to tell you that the campaign for Mr. Trump continues."
"He said it was likely that the operation would cost the government more than $ 2 million, and the cost would be in the billions of dollars."
"That's how you keep your brain and body, but also keep your mind and your body in the correct place, and that's what I learned from my dad."
"The boys play a different style of football to what we're used to and hopefully it's going to go down in the history books."
"It was the same with Barack Obama: He didn't care about Hillary Clinton and Trump."
"As a result, the vast majority of primary school teachers were unable to continue working in their jobs and many were forced to end their jobs."
"I think we'll all see the images and have the same idea, but the one thing I will look forward to is seeing this."
"I have been for a long time, so it's nice to see a part of the city I love."
"We would like to say to you, if you ever get a call that you are running out of money, please have a look."
"In its annual report, it said a one- year extension of the contract was \"not supported,\" and the company had \"failed to take action to ensure a stable supply of this important equipment."
"\"If I feel bad, then I'm probably going to change my behaviour,\" he said."
"He played a key role in the success of the sport and he was one of the best actors to play the part of Sir Terry."
"There are no plans to sell it, but the idea is there's not much of it left, it'll be more of a small hotel."
"The Prime Minister has said the plans will help the economy, but not the scale of the project- and that's when she hit her big news."
"\"It's a really good idea because there's so many people here who want to work here,\" he told the paper."
"It will be open to all, regardless of gender, age, race or religion."
"I feel like it's because of how I feel, because I'm always on the front foot and I'm always on the back foot."
"They've been able to make a lot of progress for us, and I don't think it'll be easy for them to leave."
"While that may seem like a lot, we'd love to get all of the women's finals titles in our home region."
"\"I think the second one was the best, I didn't want to miss the chance to win it,\" he said."
"I had a very bad feeling last time and I'm back here to do it again this year."
"The second best way to get a handle on it is to spend time with your kids, or a family member, or a friend."
"While the U. S. president is in office, the price of oil has dropped, and the U. S. dollar has fallen, making it harder to make the United States more competitive."
"The Turkish military said two Turkish airstrikes killed four people on Wednesday in the southern province of Aleppo and one in the north of the city, the Associated Press reports."
"It's a long time since the American economy has experienced growth in China or India or even the US, let alone the UK."
"I was able to find out why, in the interview with the BBC's Sunday Politics, he is now saying he will continue to use the speech that he has written about the referendum."
"He's been back at the club for two years and I don't know if he's as motivated as he used to be."
"The youth unemployment rate, a measure of how far out of reach you are, has fallen sharply this year, from 40. 1 per cent in June to 37. 4 per cent in June."
"He added:'We are still on the way to our destination and we have got the transport system set up."
"They may not know it- or they may not want to- but it's a big commitment from the university and I'm delighted by it."
"\"I was hoping for a two- year loan, but I've got the money to go into the next season,\" he said."
"The 56- year- old is currently a trainer at the Australian track and field club and plans to make a return to the sport at the end of the decade."
"While some of the causes of the trade war are obvious, they are particularly so for women and minority communities."
"\"We will be working with the authorities in France to make sure that there is no case against these offenders,\" a spokesman said."
"\"We are concerned about the security of the vessel and we ask anyone who has any concerns to contact us immediately,\" he said."
"The Chinese government has also announced plans to expand the network of train stations and facilities, which is supported by the US government."
"A woman identified as Charlotte Woods was arrested and charged with armed robbery after police say she allegedly attempted to run a gun into a vehicle."
"At the time of the incident, one person had reported the substance had been left in a car on the bridge and another believed the property was in use."
"The 25- year- old is now scheduled to make his third appearance for the Force this weekend, having played in both the quarter and the final."
"The victim was described as a black woman in her late 20s with short dark hair and a thin build."
"A school of thought has emerged that treating someone who's been in trouble for a long time could be good for their mental health."
"In many parts of the world, police agencies are under pressure to increase their use of deadly force against suspects."
"'I've got to do this all over again but I'll do it again,' she added."
"We don't know how the situation was, but they [ the players ] weren't out of the game until the second half."
"'You can't win this tournament and you've got to make sure you don't do anything that will get the back- ups."
"The process will take between one and two months, with a minimum of seven months if the project is approved."
"I'm looking forward to getting off the floor and hopefully this will be a huge step forward for me."
"This week, as millions of fans rally around him, he's already making waves in the press."
"It is not clear what will happen if the Government's plan for a greater share of the Welsh workforce is stopped."
"To do this, they had to go through a process where they took their time, took a few more minutes, and then let their guards know."
"When he was 24, he had a total of three offers and agreed to the deal with the Warriors in July."
"In my mind it's about getting the right balance of food and activity for a healthy lifestyle."
"The US president was speaking on the phone to Russian President Vladimir Putin, a senior US official said, as the pair discussed plans to work out the terms of the deal."
"\"I think the most important thing that's going to happen is this person going to get elected,\" he said."
"But we'll be there to take care of our players and we're confident we can turn things around."
"If you've just returned home from a holiday in the UK, you'll be asked to give your full name."
"If you haven't already, you can find out how to win from the comments section on our Facebook page or by emailing us at win. spot. spot."
"It's really funny, but I know that every year you know there's a game you want to be in."
"The change in the registration rules has been seen as a significant boost for the club, with the champions having just one player in their squad and a club record of one game in each of the past two seasons."
"\"It is a very strange thing to do to be a man,\" she said, adding that she could not imagine a future for her after her husband had died."
"\"We are not able to reach an agreement with him, he can not return to the team,\" said the 24- year- old."
"He said he didn't want to be the next president, or vice- president, or vice- general."
"I don't want to leave my children with so much loss and to lose my life, so I've taken the decisions that I had made to go."
"But that's not the case in Washington and the so- called \"blue wave \"of higher education."
"And by the way, we don't expect that the referendum to be the most important thing in terms of the economy."
"The next three weeks are up to four times longer than those in the past, he added."
"\"This is the worst thing you could ever imagine, but in the end I have to make a living,\" she said."
"While the government has not revealed the number of people who have died, deaths at the beach have been more than double the overall rate of all the other beaches in the area."
"\"That's what we're trying to do, and we're a party that has been on a roll for a long time,\" Mr. Ryan said."
"If it is only the youngest kid that has got a chance to play, I hope it is because there is a chance that he could be taken in the first round."
"You might be shocked to see that a small number of people are using social media to share their hopes and fears."
"I'm a lot more concerned about the fact that these kids are here and not as talented as I would like them to be."
"The 23- year- old British international has just arrived at the team and will play a crucial role in their 4- 0 win over Liverpool on Sunday."
"A 43- year old woman is in critical condition after being shot in the head on the east coast of Sydney."
"I'm happy to know that I have the best opportunity to learn from my mistakes and put myself back into the game."
"A referendum on the future of the UK in the EU referendum was due to be held on 14 June but the government decided to hold one on 16 June."
"\"For the first time in a long time, the people of Afghanistan are being taken back into our government,\" he said."
"We've made mistakes in training and it's a lot of work on our own, but I think it's our job as a team."
"\"We have a big time, we've got a lot of energy,\" said the 66- year- old, whose presence at this week's event was a major boost for the organization."
"But I am not in favour of the process because it could also have an effect on the families of people who die."
"\"You're not getting the chance to be in the top four or getting the chance to be in the top three or playing a top four team,\" he said."
"The French Foreign Ministry said it was concerned about reports that the planned landing would be offensive, but added that the pilot had been brought back to the scene of the accident."
"The Foreign Office confirmed that the matter had been \"exited \"and that the pair would be \"relieved \"if the matter is dealt with in the same way as when they were detained."
"It was a first for us and it was great to see that he's a bigger man than I've ever seen."
"There's a lot of people out there who don't have time to get to know each other because they don't have time to visit each other."
"Mr. Cruz is \"looking at a lot of great ground, but he's not going to take the Republican nomination to the convention."
"While it may seem like a small amount of cash, it can significantly influence the path of the economy and individuals as well."
"\"I'm not going to lie- I'm really excited about this,\" he said."
"He is determined to make sure that his music is more than just a record of conversation ; he is determined to make sure that the music that he wants to make is more than just a recording of discussion."
"\"The idea that we can have an alternative, and perhaps have a positive change of heart, is not good,\" he said."
"Trump's poll numbers are too strong to let him go back to the drawing board, he said."
"However, the woman did not explain how she knew the man had been present when the device was being pulled, he told the court."
"\"When we went to check on her, the body looked like it had been left over,\" he said."
"The new figures also show that children in England and Wales are \u00a3 1, 500 more likely to be in a housing trust than children in the rest of the UK."
"So, while it's true that you can't afford an expensive high- end car, you can afford an expensive expensive car on the low end."
"This is an absolutely critical area and one which I will address with the administration when I go into the Oval Office."
"The Rangers have to find their feet now to compete for the top spot again and the new manager will be pleased."
"The board is also considering whether to hold a referendum on whether it will pay a larger sum for an additional 40 years."
"The latter is \"a question for all of us,\" the former prime minister says, \"because we have to make sure we can feed the country and protect its people."
"\"I didn't want to be in the spotlight, but I still want to be here and I think I'm going to make a difference,\" he said."
"In a telephone interview, she said she had received an email from the Conservative party's executive committee in support of the move."
"I said, \"Well, it's not like I could do this,\" but then I went in and the rest of the crew was like \"Well, you know what?"
"\"I don't want to say anything about it, but I'm just saying that I think it's better for the players,\" he said."
"In 2014, for example, he resigned as CEO of the company and, later, as the head of its parent company, Apple."
"The overwhelming majority of the people who voted for Mr. Trump, however, are men, and women are far more likely to have voted for Mr. Trump."
"The main thing I want to do is to build a community and I have done that at the club as well."
"I am very excited to be doing that as I have always been about the level of preparation for those finals, and hopefully I can take the next level."
"The family says the abuse has been particularly brutal, with three children being put through a combined seven- year programme."
"The social media posts, taken from photos posted online, are the latest in a series of attacks on refugees over the last six months."
"\"We have been trying to sort out some of the issues that led to this fall and this has got to be dealt with,\" he said."
"In this case, the images were first used in the 1990s in a protest against the ban of African- Americans in music and film production."
"It was only one of five seats that were being offered for rent, and there were plans to go up to 10."
"This is my second year in law and I have the experience and the attitude of an expert and I have worked with them on a variety of issues."
"It's a big game, you have to keep your eyes on the ball and make sure your opponents are expecting to see it."
"He said:'This is a good person and I'm not interested in any other kind of business."
"\"It is an emotional experience, but I know how I feel and I am here for the long term,\" he said."
"I wouldn't want it to get to that, but you've got to try and learn from that."
"Police have seized a body from the crime scene and believe the man may have been killed by the boy's friend, police said."
"When the goal is to win a title, it is about making good use of the experience you've had,\" he said."
"I think it was a new generation of women to come in and make the decision to stay in the game, so I think that's great."
"They just want to be there, be on the pitch, and then they come back and they have a good feeling about what's going on."
"I don't know if he could or couldn't have been there as well, I don't know if he could have been out there as well."
"I also think we need to deal with what we've heard, and what's been said before, so I don't think that's going to change."
"It's not an easy game, but at least we have a chance of winning and I am just happy with the way we played."
"In Scotland, we are also working on how we might link a number of different communities together in ways that are better for our health, for our community."
"The city council has taken it upon itself to put forward a resolution, which could be voted on by council members."
"I feel as though the game is made up of four teams, so you can't just say what you want to do."
"The act comes amid growing concerns about the continuing lack of funding for the arts in Scotland and Welsh."
"The Netherlands has imposed new sanctions on Russian ships, and has also announced that it is cutting off all aid to the country."
"In June, Apple said it was working to get access to the information from those devices, and that the company would offer people a $ 10 gift card."
"The man was seen lying on the floor with his head and legs out and his hands and feet were covered with blood."
"A UK source said: \"He had a long career and had a lot of other things going on, including trying to get back into business."
"The first one was at the end of the first season, but I don't want to do another one because I feel I have a chance to finish my career."
"\"I was getting a bit of a bit of pressure from my colleagues, which made it more difficult,\" she says."
"The Republicans say they will not support the bill, which would allow states to establish their own regulations on how tobacco companies market products."
"\"The main thing is that you want to win the next two games, I think that's what we are going to do,\" he said."
"So much of the work that's been done with the car has been done in the car itself and I don't think that has gone into a computer or anything."
"\"You can't trust your own security agencies,\" he told reporters before the meeting."
"I hope to spend a little bit of time in the studio together but I'm not going to give you the idea that I'm going to be in a relationship."
"We're not saying there is not a need for a collective punishment, we just want to get it done right."
"She does not look at any of them, she does not look at anything else,\" he said, referring to the people on the other side of the bridge."
"He said he had already been told that he could have a full- time job- but not until the tax- free period was over."
"So, how do you get the best team in this league to get into the playoffs?"
"This will be an opportunity for everyone to see if we are serious about that, that we can do something to change the way we treat the homeless."
"But it's not the same as talking to people about their experiences and our audiences want to see us as a broadcaster and not a commercial."
"I've had the urge to meet him and he's really nice- he would always make me feel like I was in the right place at the right time."
"They were using them to buy more of their own cigarettes, then trying to track down people they didn't know."
"We have had a lot of success, but we need to get on with it and go through the weekend on a high."
"They have been in good shape for years, but we have been disappointed that it has been two or three weeks and not got our game plan in place."
"There's a lot of pressure to prove you can play and that you've got to be a good player."
"They were both waiting for the day of the storm to hit so they went to the hospital together but it was the last time they were in the same room."
"We believe the best way forward will be for the government to do its best to support it, and to support their own projects as well."
"But, of course, he would have had to pay taxes for nearly half of his salary, which was $ 17, 000 last year."
"\"You can't be the first person to do it and then the next person to do it,\" he said."
"I'm pretty sure they'll be here for a while, but they'll probably be here for a very long time."
"I have spoken to many people who were victims of abuse at the hands of the police and the officers were really nice to me."
"There's no doubt it will take time for this to affect the system, but we are committed to making sure that it does."
"A man who refused to take his own life after his car was struck by a vehicle while driving on the city's south side had a gun."
"When I first went into politics in 1992, I thought I'd just made the wrong choice."
"But the only way we can deal with this is with clear rules on the matter and an honest investigation."
"Even if I were to come out and play a little bit better and not get a call- up, I'm still looking to improve."
"The government will not just be able to tax this but to take away the other part of it, but also cut back on the income tax that people pay."
"It's just a really good race and you get used to it and I think that's what we need to win the race."
"'I have lost my job as a teacher and my career is threatened by this, it is a personal issue,' she said."
"It is believed to be the first time a U. S.- born man has been charged with a terrorist act."
"The case was then picked up by the police, who have now opened an investigation into what happened."
"The Commonwealth Fund, which raises $ 1. 5 billion annually from investors, said in a statement that it would continue to invest in school, community and other infrastructure projects."
"When you have an attack in two weeks, they are going to have to play some really good football."
"There was a situation where we were having a rough time but the way I've been playing and the way I've been playing for the club over the last couple of years is fantastic."
"When I moved here in the early 1990s it was a huge club with many talented young players from the North and South, so I wanted to build a big brand."
"The B. C. government should act to ensure that such businesses will be able to hire people who are not here legally."
"\"It's amazing, we got a house here, we did really well, we're building a lot of properties there,\" she said."
"Police in Scotland said on Thursday that they were investigating an incident that took place at a house in the village in west Edinburgh."
"And if I could get them out there and make them look like that, then they wouldn't be seen as being in the wrong."
"We have had to make some decisions because we're not going to get the deal we've been waiting for."
"For example, in a one- way poll, 36 percent of likely voters said they would rather have a child born in the United States, compared to 30 percent of likely voters who said they would rather have a child born in Canada."
"\"If he was a man, I wouldn't expect him to be a doctor,\" said Dr. King."
"But the government's plans to cut emissions in the new years are not enough to keep the market going, the report said."
"\"It was just something we talked about, but it was not in the book,\" she said."
"We'd probably be just fine without it and that would be a good thing for us."
"The Lions play at home Sunday against the Detroit Lions and will then play at home in Denver on March 15."
"In his address, Mr Cameron said he was \"confident \"that the UK could remain a member of the European Union and said it was a \"truly global \" country that was \"very proud of \"the choice it has taken."
"\"This is the most important game we've played in a while and we will be there for the first game,\" he added."
"I knew in a few years that I would have to be careful in making decisions about what I was going to do with my life."
"I can't say enough bad things about him, he's a very good horse, but he's got a lot of work to do."
"He is reportedly looking for a role in the club's future, despite the fact that his parents have not been able to live in the area since he arrived."
"The number of children missing from the school system rose by more than half, with more than 1, 300 more children lost to the emergency services."
"A Scottish Government spokesman said: \"We are committed to the Scottish Government's commitment to maintaining employment and growth in Scotland's leading businesses."
"\"It's not like it's going to be like a movie, like it's going to be at a certain point in time,\" he said."
"If you don't know what a one- off is, it's not a bad idea to ask for help."
"\"As I'm learning to play it's a bit more comfortable,\" he said of the way the game is being played."
"We know that if you don't have your own space, you can't afford to be in there."
"The poll, which was conducted on behalf of the Democratic National Committee, found that voters were more likely to say they were concerned about Trump's positions on immigration and terrorism than the general election."
"The group's next headquarters in Washington, D. C., is expected to be announced in the next few weeks."
"\"It's just been a great year for us and we're hoping to see the results,\" he said."
"It would be more fun to be a little more aggressive and run it at the same time, but we'll get there."
"However, when asked if they could meet in person at the restaurant, he said: \"That's not going to happen, because we want to be there."
"The first one- to- one, race- based free- to- air commercial was supposed to have a competitive edge, but after months of speculation, it finally became a reality last year."
"\"I've been playing for the last four years, and I think I've learned a lot in my career,\" he said."
"It is understood that the family were being taken by the airport and are now living with their parents in a temporary accommodation in a hotel."
"It is in the prime of its life cycle that people would enter the UK, but we are not in the most of areas where we know how to apply it."
"But a new survey has found that at least half of people want the government to accept their concerns."
"The biggest thing I have learned in this campaign is that every person can be a better president if they're not taking the consequences personally."
"But as much as the Senate will give us a path to success, we need the best for our future."
"Mr Hall said: \"I'm just surprised that the police haven't done something to stop us from doing this."
"The currency fell as much as 20 percent against the dollar, while the euro lost about 20 percent."
"The local news agency said the man had allegedly made a $ 500, 000 claim from the hotel, but a judge refused his request for a hearing."
"I wouldn't like to be in the same position that I am today if I'm not in a position where I can contribute to the team."
"But if you want to see something that will be shown to people, the staff is always available."
"In September, his office said it would offer to pay him $ 15, 000 over six years and give him the freedom to move back into his own home if he so chose."
"The United States and Saudi Arabia, which have also called for the intervention, have also called for the US- Saudi- led coalition to take more active roles in coalition operations."
"It's no secret that the best chances are to go for the short- term, to be able to walk away from the season with good memories."
"I was very disappointed, it was a great game and hopefully we can do the same in this first half."
"In a separate incident in October, police found the man's mobile phone inside a truck, and arrested him."
"You see, for example, that when I was growing up, my dad would drive me to the games."
"The people who chose to live in the area can now go back to their homes and do their own thing."
"To see a good- quality video of the proceedings, you have to go to the Italian website of the BBC."
"If a trade agreement is rejected by the United States, its governments have to pay the price."
"The Russian airline has admitted to a pilot not being aware of the flight and said it had to stop the plane at the time."
"\"I think the single market has been a huge success in the UK, but not so much in the United States,\" he says."
"In another email message, he wrote: \"You have my number right now and will be meeting with the team tomorrow."
"I'd even take her to see a private chef and I'd take a minute to think, \"That's incredible."
"And the next time you're walking by a gas station, you probably don't know what you're going to find until you have to drive there."
"'It's really important for me to be in a new environment and I want to see more of the academy and the opportunity for guys to grow and really build from there."
"For the third time in his career, he has scored more goals than the amount of goals he has given up this season."
"So we are trying to make it even better for the workers and they are not the only ones affected."
"He said it was not something he had a hand in, and that he didn't have any money."
"The number of international tourists is down, despite the sharp fall in the number of foreign tourists visiting Ireland, and a loss of about 15% of the UK's population."
"A number of people have died after falling from the roof of a Turkish football stadium after a storm swept through the country."
"\"We have got a lot of players who have no idea what they're doing and that's not good enough for us,\" he said."
"That's what the Chinese and Indians have to deal with and you can't be surprised if they see the same thing."
"It's hard to believe that you can lose in the first half when you don't even have any quality football."
"This was a much different conversation when I was a kid, and I've got a son who's 8 years old now."
"The main challenge is to make sure we have the right mix of options to work with, so that our patients are not on drugs at the expense of other services."
"It's not that I'm not a guy that's going to help you out on the golf course, it's just the people I've made."
"This is the problem with this type of research: if the results are negative, you don't know what you're doing."
"More than 200 British soldiers are being put on leave, with MPs arguing that it would be a positive step."
"\"This is a problem that is not going away, but it's probably going to get better,\" he said."
"'The game will be cancelled, but you are now a part of this and we will be happy to help,' she added."
"A spokesman said: \"The Prime Minister has set out his plans to end EU migration, but the vast majority of migrants are not here illegally."
"\"We were thinking about the third leg of the season and I'm not going to be ready to play,\" he said."
"We have an incredible team- building, a great community, and our fans have been fantastic for us."
"He'd had a major knee operation in 2014, and his family had been unable to afford the surgery, so he took it."
"\"In every case you have to make the decision whether to pursue prosecution or not,\" he said."
"She said: \"I wouldn't be there if there wasn't something so overwhelming about it."
"The government's review will examine the sector's results and make recommendations on how it can improve its position as a place for innovation."
"The two incidents that led to the woman's death occurred around 10: 15 p. m. on Saturday."
"\"It's been a long time since I've been in a position like this and I feel like I've played a lot of good games,\" he said."
"That's why we're here, for good reason- because if we don't, we're going to lose the games."
"A UK prime minister who has been deeply critical of US President- elect Donald Trump has said he is open to a vote for Brexit."
"The first phase of the project was completed in October 2014, and since then the city has been working on its second phase, which is due to open in 2020."
"At the same time, he said he was also disappointed that people weren't sharing the news on social media."
"But the former secretary of state also highlighted a rise in the number of junior doctors who were using the system."
"Police Scotland said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the possibility of a cover- up by the children's council."
"So what's the point of telling people to get the maximum out of their money, unless it's more expensive?"
"The changes come amid growing pressure on Chinese firms to help reduce the impact of the currency shock on wages, real wages and the Chinese economy."
"\"I've had enough of the idea that I'm not really good enough for this, but I'm going to do everything I can to make sure I'm not good enough,\" she said."
"I'd like to think we are closer to reaching a full agreement but we are not, I'm afraid, yet."
"Some 1, 000 members have already been employed and the plan is to work with firms to create a network of around 20, 000 positions."
"\"It's not really a surprise that you see a lot of new people and they tend to be young and white,\" he said."
"That's not what you would expect from a teenager, and even if you were a girl, it would still be a lot more fun."
"It was a very long year but we've been able to help them a lot and we just need to get some good results out of this squad and hopefully we can make sure they're all competitive again."
"We will work hard, we are working hard to make sure that we do all that is possible to give everyone a great experience,\" he said."
"But even if we did that, there's no way we could be in the top 10 in our world if we weren't fast."
"What we've learned from this study is that people often lie about things they think they know, even if they don't."
"\"I think a lot of people have been asking me, I don't think he is a proper member of the Australian team."
"He was found guilty of 14 counts of making threats to commit murder, and two counts of murder."
"Trump's victory in Ohio has had a huge impact on the race, but the two biggest losses in the state are in Pennsylvania and Michigan, where he has been leading by more than 50 points since mid- November."
"The city's growing number of senior police officers is putting it on the \"top of the list \"in terms of pension benefit, the report says."
"\"It is a beautiful thing to see a large force, which is used by a lot of people, suddenly rise and spread itself,\" he said."
"On the afternoon of Wednesday, September 18, the president and other members of his administration attended a meeting of the People's Congress in Ankara."
"\"I'm not disappointed, I think it's a big step, but we have to get going,\" he said."
"But in the wake of the announcement this week that thousands of migrants who arrived by boat from Libya are now arriving in Germany, Merkel has called for a shift to Germany's \"open door \"policy to refugees."
"As for his opponent's proposals, Trump has told his supporters he would instead let the federal government decide how to spend money."
"We're not asking for anything but for you to stop and give us your opinion and to help us bring you the best news we can for the children."
"But if you feel like the book isn't doing a good job of building you up, it is because you don't want to."
"She's not the first woman to be appointed to the post, but the other three are all women."
"In order to get them to do the job, we just had to take them to a place where they could be settled and bring them back."
"The researchers said they found that almost half of the people who developed the condition were white, men, and under the age of 40."
"The American people will continue to support the president's nominee to serve as attorney general and the nominee of the Supreme Court,\" the statement said."
"It will be a long process, but it's something I have to get used to,\" he said."
"\"We were the first to discover that this relationship was based on a single, but we were just too young to see it,\" says Andrew."
"But a good thing is the next generation has been here all along- and they will be there for us for life."
"The only thing he'll say is \"I'm sorry, we don't have a lot of things to say."
"The government insists that changes to the law mean that more young people are likely to be considered for benefits than younger people, which the young have long complained about."
"I didn't know what the plans were, but it was great fun to see the best people I could with the means and lots of the fans."
"He has no idea what he's doing and he's going to spend his nights out in the streets."
"But I'm pretty sure that I'd be a dead man walking if I were me and I just don't want to have to pay the fee."
"\"I can't talk about it any more, I'm just here and I can do my thing,\" he said."
"\"There was no advance warning, and there was no reason for us to be worried about that,\" he said."
"And I think we're more worried about what we have than we are about what is going on here."
"We don't want to build a wall on the border between Mexico and the United States because it will be bad for us."
"The video, which has been viewed more than 6, 000 times, went viral on social media and is viewed nearly 200, 000 times on YouTube."
"I'm not asking for this money, but I'm going to let the company handle this."
"At the same time, police said the man had been \"overly aggressive \"in his relationship with the woman."
"\"I'm very happy with how the season has gone,\" he said of the event, which will be attended by around 200 guests."
"The banks are the big winners, because they can sell bonds to investors in a way that doesn't involve massive investments."
"The court heard how the 31- year- old made a second offer that would have allowed her to have a second baby in a year, but was rejected."
"He said: \"If we had been a family, we wouldn't have had the loss of a friend."
"\"I think we can get the right one and that will be in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The government's reforms will be a big blow to ordinary people, who will lose their homes and will face a hard landing."
"As a result, we are seeing what we thought we would see in Europe, but the actual effect is more of the same."
"It's been a while since I've seen someone who I've always enjoyed talking to- even if they've never met me."
"I've never had a problem with her being tough but I wouldn't want her to be that, she's too young."
"The officials said the border is closed and that there is no immediate threat to people and animals, as suggested by the video."
"\"It's not a one- way street in that regard, but I'm sure there's a lot of people out there,\" he said."
"The contract had been due to run until mid- March, but the inquiry decided to close it in mid- May."
"It's a series of events that are being driven by a common vision that we should all just be safe and sound."
"I have to remember it's not that long ago they [ the Russians ] came over here and tried to build the wall and they didn't do it."
