"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was released on bail until a later date."
"The problem is, the only thing I can do is to sit down and think about what I'm doing."
"The study also found that women are more likely to have a higher risk of heart disease, diabetes and cancer."
"He said: \"I'm delighted with the outcome of the referendum and I'm delighted that the Government will be able to secure the funding to continue to invest in Scotland."
"The only thing that is clear is that the people who are voting for Donald Trump will be the people who are voting for Hillary Clinton."
"I think we have a chance to win a game if we play well and we can do that in a way that we can win games against a good team."
"The two were seen walking down the street in the early hours of Saturday morning, when they were approached by a man in a dark car."
"It is a very different culture, and I don't know if I will ever be able to do it again."
"The group's website says it has made a \"major contribution \"to the fight against cancer in the UK."
"The couple were on their way to a wedding when they were attacked by a group of teenagers and the man's body was found."
"\"We've got a lot of work to do and we're going to have to go through the process and work it out,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is I have a lot of respect for the team and I've got a lot of respect for the manager."
"He said: \"I'm a huge fan of the idea of a new generation of children playing with their phones."
"\"We've got to make sure that we're going to be able to make a difference for the next generation,\" he said."
"The Government has not yet released the full details of the deal, but the UK government has said it will look at the details of the deal in due course."
"\"We've had a few people saying they're going to go out and buy a new car,\" he says."
"The problem is that we have a system in place that is not working and we have a system in place to make sure that we are not taking advantage of it."
"We're not going to be able to afford to pay for the treatments we need to get the disease back."
"The five- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital where he is now in a stable condition, according to the AFP news agency."
"The two men, who are not known to each other, have been in a relationship for three years, and have been dating for about six months."
"\"I don't know what the hell they're doing,\" he said, adding that he had no idea why the FBI agents were there."
"\"We have to be able to use the information we have to make decisions on the basis of the facts,\" he said."
"If you're a parent, you have to make sure you're making the right choices for your kids."
"He is a great player, but he has to be careful in the first half because we have to be patient."
"He said: \"There is a lot of pressure on us in the short term, but we have to be careful about it."
"The government has been under pressure to explain the circumstances behind the decision and the court is due to hear arguments on Monday."
"\"It's not going to be a race that we're going to be able to win,\" he said."
"If you look at the figures for the whole of the last three years, the top 1 per cent of households in England and Wales are now paying more than the top 1 per cent."
"I am not a politician, but I think it is important to keep in mind that the majority of people are not going to vote for a politician."
"The incident, which took place in the early hours of Saturday, was not immediately clear and the driver of the car was not injured."
"\"We have a very different culture now, we're not as open to new ideas,\" she said."
"We're going to have to be very careful about what we say on the air and what we say on the ground."
"\"I don't think it's a matter of whether we're going to be able to do that or not,\" he said."
"If you are a woman, you're going to be working longer hours and you're going to be spending more money."
"\"It's not a situation where we are going to be able to get a better deal for them,\" he said."
"I was a little bit nervous because I was so used to the way it was done in the past and it was really hard to get in."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do, but I've got to keep working,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a big thing,\" he said."
"The man was not injured in the incident and police were not immediately able to confirm his identity."
"The report, published in the UK's Daily Telegraph, says that the average number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by almost 50 per cent since the 1980s."
"The report said the government's pledge to reduce the number of people in the EU by 500, 000 by 2020 was \"not enough \"to meet the needs of the EU."
"The European Commission has said it will appeal to the European Court of Justice to order a halt to the construction of the new border fence."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without a fight,\" he said."
"The government has been accused of failing to address the problem of a lack of support for those who need help most."
"\"We're not going to sit here and say that this is a good thing,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the current market continues to decline."
"\"I don't know if it's a big deal, but it's a big deal,\" she said."
"\"I think we need to be careful about what we say and what we say to the people in the country who are voting,\" he said."
"The decision to leave the EU has been a major source of concern for the UK's national security and economic interests."
"\"The people who are now going to be in charge of the country will have to decide what is the best way forward,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said on Tuesday that it was working with Turkey to establish a safe zone in Syria."
"The boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries and his father is being treated in hospital for minor injuries."
"\"We are not going to stop at nothing, but we will be doing more to make sure that we have a safe environment for all our employees,\" he said."
"The game has been a bit of a surprise to me, because I've been playing it a lot since I was a kid."
"The US, Japan, South Korea, China, Russia, the European Union and several other countries have expressed interest in the project."
"He's a very good player, he's a very good player, he's got a lot of experience, he's got a lot of good experience, he's got a lot of good experience, and we're going to see what he"
"In a speech at the Conservative Party Conference in Liverpool, Mr Cameron said he would \"absolutely \"introduce a ban on Muslims entering the UK."
"I'm not sure that it will be the same as the last time but we've got to do it in a way where we can win."
"The way I look at it, it's not a good idea to have a lot of people in the game."
"It's not about having a baby, but how you feel when you have a baby."
"\"The focus of our campaign is to make sure that we have a strong, diverse workforce that can compete with the top talent in the country,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much I'm getting paid for that, but I've got a lot of friends who have paid for that."
"The new rules, which were announced on Wednesday, will allow for the creation of a single- sex club for a year and a half."
"The cost of the scheme, which is estimated to cost around \u00a3 1 million, is estimated to have cost the government \u00a3 1 million a year."
"The researchers said the study's findings suggest that the most effective way to prevent and treat cancer could be to eat a lot of vegetables."
"\"I don't know what the situation is, but I have a feeling that I'm going to be here for a while,\" he said."
"\"It is not only the people who are affected by this but also the people who are in the homes and businesses affected,\" he said."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be a doctor, I'm not going to be a lawyer or anything,\" he said."
"It is not clear if the company is planning to increase its annual production to 20, 000 vehicles, but it is thought to be a step in the right direction."
"He said: \"I've had a lot of people ask me how I can do this, and I've said it's a very simple process."
"I am not going to say anything that I don't think is wrong or in the interests of the country, but I'm not going to say anything that I don't believe in."
"The government has said it will provide an additional \u00a3 2. 5 billion for the project over the next five years, but the figure is not known."
"\"We have a responsibility to the people of Flint to understand that this is not the kind of problem that we are talking about,\" she said."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm going to tell you what, I'm going to tell you what."
"The new rules will apply to the first three months of 2017, but will apply to the first three months of 2016, before the full- year 2016 / 17."
"\"We have to keep in mind that we have to be on the same page,\" he said in an interview with the BBC."
"The UK has a long history of supporting the rights of its citizens and in the last few years we have seen a huge increase in the number of people coming to the UK from the EU."
"He said:'I've got a baby boy, and I'm going to have to take care of him."
"\"I've been in the business for 15 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced last month, will apply to any employer who is able to provide a minimum of four hours of overtime per week."
"The Chinese government has said the two countries have agreed to work together to tackle the issue of the migrant crisis."
"The new rules are expected to be announced in the coming weeks and months, but the first is expected to be published in mid- April."
"I'm going to be a very good coach, and I'm going to be a very good leader, and I'm going to be a very good coach when we're not in a position to win games."
"I've had a lot of people come in and say, \"I don't know what you're talking about."
"I'm sure it's a tough job but I'm not going to give up on myself."
"If you're not comfortable with a certain amount, you can't go for it, and you can't go for something that's not going to be there."
"\"I've had people ask me if I'd ever get a job in the industry,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be easy for the government to get the money to do that,\" she said."
"We are now going to be working with the state of NSW to ensure the safety and security of the community."
"It's a great way to have a good day out, especially when you're in the middle of a long weekend."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"It's a bit of a long game, but it's a good one for me."
"It's not a question of whether you're going to win, but you know what, I'm going to win."
"The researchers said they could not be certain that the vaccine was safe for humans, but they did not rule out the possibility of a vaccine for other animals."
"\"It was a good start to the season and we had a lot of quality players in the team,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a team that can win games and have a good defense,\" he said."
"I don't think we have a very good idea of what's going to happen, and we're not going to have a very good idea of how we're going to fix it."
"\"It's a big game, it's a big game, but it's also a big game, and I think it's a good game,\" he said."
"The Times reported that the man was taken to a hospital with serious injuries, but his condition was not immediately known."
"It's a lot easier to go to a club and get a look at the squad than to go to a club and see what they've got."
"The company has been under pressure from regulators for years, and the company said last year that it would shut down its operations if it was not able to meet the government's requirements."
"\"We are a team that can do everything and if we can do it well, then we are a good team,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never really had a problem with the way they're being run,\" he said."
"He said the government had to pay for the work, which would be completed within six months, and he was looking forward to getting to work."
"We've got to be very careful and careful in our approach, and I think we've got to be very careful in our approach to this."
"The letter, which was sent to the Prime Minister by a senior member of the British Jewish community, was sent to the Prime Minister on Sunday, May 23."
"It's been a long time coming, but I've finally got the time to get back to work and get ready for the season."
"\"We have a lot of good players and a lot of good players on the field,\" he said."
"I have a lot of respect for the players, but it is not something I have been able to do in my career."
"The deal, announced on Monday, will be the first of its kind in the country, and the first to allow the government to impose a one- year extension on the contract."
"The Australian dollar was trading at $ 1. 30, or $ 1. 21 per dollar, against the dollar of the European Central Bank's \u20ac 1. 80."
"He's got a lot to prove and he's got to be a very good player, and I think he's got a lot of work to do."
"The agency said it is investigating the incident and is working with the police and other agencies to find out what happened."
"The report said the EU had failed to recognise the need for a \"new and effective \"EU- Turkey- EU- North Atlantic alliance, which could help to address the challenges of the current migrant crisis."
"\"We don't want to be a club that is going to be a big club in the next few months,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to be a part of this, but I'm going to be a part of this,\" he said."
"If you're a business owner, you're going to have a lot of people who are going to be affected by the changes."
"The company's shares were up 1. 8 per cent at $ 28. 25 in morning trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to take anything for granted, but I'm not going to give up,\" he said."
"\"I've been in a lot of different situations, but I've never had a lot of people saying they're not going to come to the game,\" he said."
"The group said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision, which it said would \"destroy \"the company's reputation."
"It's a very, very tough job, but it's not a one- way street."
"\"I'm not sure what it's like to be a young woman in a world where you can't see your face,\" she says."
"I've been working on my game for a while and I'm excited to be playing for the first time."
"He said:'I was walking along the road when I saw this guy coming towards me, and I ran away."
"The company's shares rose 1. 7 per cent to $ 25. 25 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 2. 2 billion in the first half of 2015."
"\"I'm not going to say it's the right thing to do, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"We've got to be careful that we don't go too far into the future because we've got a lot of work to do."
"It's a great opportunity for us to try to get some extra points from the other teams in the league."
"\"It was a very difficult time for us, but we are doing everything we can to help the community,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'll say what I think is right,\" he said."
"The man's wife, who was not present at the time of the incident, was also not injured in the incident."
"The woman said she had been on the phone with the man and he had told her she had to leave the country."
"In a statement, the charity said: \"We are committed to supporting the families of those who lost their lives in this tragic accident."
"The way I look at it, I'm not going to say that I don't want to be in the game."
"The report, which was released in March, said the government was working with the private sector to ensure the sector was protected from the risks posed by the oil and gas sector."
"\"I've been in a relationship for a long time and I know I've got to be very careful with my body,\" he said."
"The company's shares have lost about a quarter of their value since the election and are down about a third in value from their peak value in October."
"I've been in the public eye for a long time, so I don't know what's going on."
"\"We are doing everything we can to help people in need, but we need help from the government,\" he said."
"The report says the government should be more careful about the amount of money it raises from the public sector."
"\"I don't know if it's the same as last year, but I've got to keep playing the way I've played the last few weeks,\" he said."
"I think it is a matter of pride to be able to say that I have done something that I have never done before."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating the Trump campaign's use of a private email server for official business while secretary of state."
"The U. S. and Russia have agreed to share information on the Syrian war, but the U. N. Security Council has yet to take up the issue."
"\"We're not going to be able to do this without the support of the community,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to have a good relationship with the people who are around you, and that is what I have done."
"\"It's not like a bad job, but it's not like a job that you would do in a normal job,\" he said."
"It was a big game for us and we have to be very, very careful in the way we play and we have to be very careful in the way we play on the counter attack."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it in the next five years,\" he said."
"The government has said it will hold a referendum on the referendum and it will be held in the spring of 2017."
"It's not a situation that we want to see in the future, but we are going to see it."
"The company said it was \"fully committed \"to the U. S. government's efforts to protect the American people from terrorist attacks."
"The key to the team's success, he said, is the players who are willing to give up their jobs to play for the club."
"He's not the type of guy who can win in a race, but he's got a good shot."
"But he said that he would be \"very surprised \"if the government decided to go ahead with the plans."
"The Scottish government has said it will continue to work with the European Commission on the issue of the future relationship between the UK and the EU."
"It was a huge blow to me and I was just trying to get out there and try to make it work and I just didn't."
"\"We have to be careful, because we have to be careful in what we do, because if we don't do it, we're going to lose the game,\" said the coach."
"I think it's a good thing for the players and the fans to be able to see the players and see the players are doing well."
"\"The thing that I have to say to the boys is that I'm not going to be the only one to get into trouble,\" he said."
"\"I am not going to say I was in the dark, but I am not going to say I was in the dark because I was in a good mood,\" he said."
"\"It's a very simple thing to do,\" he said, adding that he had no idea how many people had been killed."
"The number of people who say they will vote for the first female president has risen by more than 50 percent since the election, according to a survey of 1, 000 people."
"The man was taken to hospital and is in a stable condition, the police said in a statement."
"The first thing I do when I'm in the car is I go to the back of the car and I'm ready to go."
"But he's been doing it for a while, and it's a pretty big deal to be able to do that."
"\"It's a great feeling to be back here, it's a great feeling to be back home and be a part of the family,\" he said."
"The report says the number of people using the service has grown by more than 20% since the start of 2015."
"The first time I came to the airport, I was in a rush and the flight was cancelled."
"The man's body was found on the side of a street in the city, and police believe the man may have been hit by a car."
"The official said the official was not aware of any other incidents in which the patient was seriously injured."
"It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything, I'm going to be in the same boat."
"The company is also considering a range of new products and services, including a new mobile app, a new online shopping site and a new online marketing strategy."
"We are a very small country and we have to be very careful in the way we deal with the people who come in."
"\"It's a very tough race, but I think we have to be very careful,\" he said."
"\"It's a very hard thing for a lot of people to do, but I'm happy for them,\" he said."
"The company said it would invest $ 1 billion over the next five years to address the issue."
"It's not as if we're going to be able to get a lot of people into the game."
"The number of people who have been killed in the fighting has increased by at least 10 times since the start of the conflict, according to UN figures."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and are expected to be in force in the summer, but not before the EU referendum."
"The problem is the only way to go is to put a person in charge of the game, and that's what we're trying to do."
"The report said the number of people who have been injured by falling debris has increased by more than 20 per cent since the start of the year."
"It's just a shame that he didn't get the chance to go out there and do his thing."
"\"We have to make sure that we have a safe environment for them and we have to make sure that they're safe at all times,\" he said."
"The average age of the population is now 66, and it's estimated that around one in four people are women."
"The results of the survey were released Wednesday, but the results were not immediately clear, and some analysts said the margin of error was too small."
"The government said it would also make a \"major \"commitment to the UK's relationship with the EU in the event of a Brexit vote."
"\"I've been here for two years, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"I think we have a lot of good players, but I think we need a lot more of them in the team."
"The first time I saw him was at the start of the year, when he was at a very high level."
"It's a lot of money, but we're not going to give it up for a few years."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I do know that it's going to be a tough game,\" he said."
"I'm sure it's going to be a big game, but I'm not going to say I'm going to be out there for the whole year."
"The Australian dollar is down 0. 6 per cent against the dollar, its biggest one- day gain in nearly a year."
"But the problem is that the majority of the time, we are not there to say \"yes,\" we are there to say \"no,\" and that is what the whole thing is about."
"\"It's a huge boost for the economy, and we've got to be very careful about what we say,\" he said."
"The data also shows that the average age of the men and women in the study was 33. 5 years for men and 40. 4 years for women."
"The only way to get a good deal on a new car is to make a deal with the car company."
"The company has been in the market for a number of years, but has been unable to find a market for it in the US."
"The police are investigating a report of a man who allegedly assaulted a woman in a park in Edinburgh on Saturday."
"The first of the three- month- long trials will be held in November, with the second being held in December."
"The number of people who have left the UK since the referendum has been on the rise, with the number of people leaving the EU now at a record high of 5. 1 million."
"The company said it had lost more than $ 4. 5 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, the most in the company's history."
"The man was later arrested and taken to a nearby hospital where he remains in a serious but stable condition."
"In the last couple of years we've been trying to get the team to play a lot better and that's what we're doing."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the guy, he's been a great guy for us,\" he said."
"The second half was more of a surprise, as it was the first time that we had scored at home in the first half."
"\"We have to be very careful with what we do in the bedroom, because we have a lot of stuff to worry about,\" she said."
"The former England international has been a key player in the side's recent run of form, scoring four goals in the league this season."
"\"It's a very difficult thing for me to be honest with you,\" he said, \"but I'm very proud of my work."
"The good news is that we've got a lot of good players and a lot of good players who can help us."
"If you want to make a change, you have to be prepared to work with people who are willing to listen."
"It's not a big deal, but you're not going to get a lot of attention unless you get the right people in the right places."
"The problem is, if you're a young person, you're not going to be able to get a job."
"\"We're not going to be able to make the playoffs because we have to win,\" he said."
"The president- elect's transition team has not yet publicly announced his plans for the transition, but Trump has already indicated he will be willing to take on a major role in the transition."
"\"It's not a new thing, but I've always been concerned that it was a bit too much,\" he said."
"It is a tough thing to say, but I think it is a good thing to do, because it means you can be yourself and not worry about what others think."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal to the court to take action."
"The investigation is ongoing and we are still trying to determine the cause of death, but we are confident it was a suicide."
"The men were arrested at the scene, but have since been released on bail and are expected to appear in court later."
"The UK is a major market for the Chinese, but the Chinese are also very keen on the UK."
"The research, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the risks of smoking in older people are much lower than they would be if they were treated with the same amount of medication."
"I've got to get a little bit more comfortable with myself in the way I play and I've got to make sure I don't get caught up in the same things."
"The company's shares rose as much as 1. 5 percent to $ 11. 21 on Thursday after the stock's closing price was up nearly 20 percent."
"The report says that a total of 2. 5 million people were affected and that the number of deaths was more than double the figure for the same period last year."
"\"I'm sure there's a lot of people who think I'm a bit of a joke,\" he said."
"He has been a key player for the club and he is a player we are looking forward to seeing him on the pitch."
"The number of people in the EU who want to stay in the country is at an all- time high, with the number of people who want to leave the EU at an all- time low."
"The UK government has warned that a Brexit vote would put a \"significant strain \"on the economy and that it would be \"a major blow \"to the UK's position in Europe."
"I don't know how I got into this business but I did it because I wanted to be the best I could be."
"I'm not going to say anything, but I'm not going to say anything that's going to be a big deal."
"But the chances of a deal breaking down before the end of the year were also very low."
"\"It is the first time in my career that I have been asked to play a role in a film,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell nearly 3 per cent on Thursday after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate to 0. 25 per cent."
"I'd like to think that there are people out there that have been through a lot of trauma that they can help with."
"\"We've got to go out and win games, and we've got to win games on paper and we've got to win games in the playoffs,\" he said."
"The company said it expects the sales of its products to continue to grow, but said it would not be able to compete in the same market."
"The deal will be completed by the end of the year, with the first two years of the new contract being up for a public vote."
"The study authors say the study shows that the average American woman should be able to afford to have a baby, regardless of the cost of the pregnancy."
"The UK government has pledged to make the UK's trading relationship with the EU \"open \"to all sectors, including those that are not part of the single market."
"The government has been unable to agree on a new contract for the project, which is expected to cost between \u00a3 1 billion and \u00a3 2 billion."
"But it is a lot easier to be in a situation where you have to work hard and not just to be on the pitch but to be in a position where you have to work hard and not just to be in a position where you have"
"The company said it had been contacted by the US Department of Justice and was considering a \"proper response \"to the allegations."
"The new rules will be introduced on Monday, with the first two days of the new season starting on Monday, February 5."
"It is estimated that around 1, 500 people have been killed in the conflict, which began in 2011."
"The Prime Minister said: \"It's important to note that the EU is not just about the single market, it is about the single market itself."
"But it's also important to remember that we're not talking about the next big thing, we're talking about what's going to happen in the next few months."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to do, but it's not the only thing that's going to happen,\" she said."
"The two- year- old was found dead in a field on the island on Tuesday, according to local media."
"\"It's a very different game, but we're very good at it,\" he said."
"I don't know how long it would take for a person to lose their memory, but I'm not going to be able to do it."
"We have a lot of players who are playing well and we want to be the best we can."
"\"I was trying to make it as easy as possible for the people who were waiting to get in,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I want to be playing in the Champions League because I'm not going to be playing in the Champions League,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 30. 60 on Tuesday, the biggest one- day gain in more than two years."
"I'm a little bit disappointed because I'm not going to be able to play in the Premier League."
"The report said the number of children affected by the disease has increased by nearly half since the outbreak began in 2013."
"I don't think he's going to be able to do it all alone, but he's got to be able to do it in the team."
"If you're a Republican, you have to be very careful about what you say about women, and that's what we're going to do."
"It's a bit of a long- term thing, but it's been a long time coming and we're just happy to be here."
"The two- year- old girl was found dead in her bedroom on Tuesday, the police said in a statement."
"It's a very good feeling and we'll be back in the squad for the pre- season and then the pre- season for the international break."
"The new rules are designed to ensure that any person who has been convicted of a crime will be able to apply for a visa to visit the country."
"The best way to understand this is to look at the data, and then see what the impact is."
"\"If you are not careful, you can get caught up in the moment and you can be caught up in the moment,\" he said."
"He said he had been at the hospital for about two hours and was not sure if he would be able to get into the ambulance."
"The government says it will hold a referendum on the referendum and is working with the European Commission to find a way forward."
"But the impact of this on the economy has been very real and we have to be very careful about it."
"But if you're a woman, you're not going to have a life of your own and you're not going to be able to do that."
"But I think it's a little bit more difficult to get a good one than a bad one."
"The report said the UK had to deal with the consequences of the EU referendum result and the possibility of a second referendum."
"The company's shares rose 1. 7 percent to $ 5. 21, or $ 1. 17, after the announcement."
"The two- year- old was taken to a hospital where he was told his mother would be in a stable condition."
"\"I can't believe that I'm going to be able to go to a wedding and have a normal life,\" she said."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of the morning, but police said they were not suspected of any criminal activity."
"The U. S. State Department said it would not comment on the case, but it did say it was investigating the circumstances surrounding the death."
"The rate of growth is expected to be between 2. 5% and 3. 5% in 2016, according to the government."
"The move comes amid growing concern among the world's largest economies that the UK's membership of the EU could be at risk."
"The European Commission said in a statement on Wednesday that it had received a request from the government of Turkey to take action against the company."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be back in the game, but he's back,\" said Jones."
"But it's a different feeling to be in a room full of people who are really, really good at what they do."
"I'm not going to say what I think or do because I'm not going to be in the room."
"The U. S. is on track to become the world's largest economy by 2020, according to the World Bank."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 30. 25 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were up 0. 5 per cent in early trading."
"I'm not sure if he's going to be able to do that, but I'm confident he's going to be ready to go."
"The couple had been married for more than a decade, but had only recently begun dating, the court heard."
"\"The only thing I can do is to look at the game and try and make a decision,\" he said."
"I think it's important for the game to have a good idea of what you're going to get, and what you're going to get when you get there."
"The problem is, we don't know how to make this work, or what the best way is to do it."
"The agency said in a statement that the man was \"not at risk of harm \"and was in stable condition."
"The number of people in the UK who are unable to work has risen by more than a third since 2010, the report said."
"I'm not sure if it's a sign that I'm not ready to be a leader, but I'm ready to be a leader."
"I'm going to keep going until I'm 100 percent and I'm going to be 100 percent, and then I'm going to go back to work."
"The most important thing is to get the right balance between the two and then to make sure you're not going to get caught up in the middle."
"The new rules will apply to all people aged 18 and over, regardless of whether they have a disability or not."
"I don't think I've ever had a better game of cricket, and I'm not going to be playing for England."
"\"I've been here a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The new rules will allow the government to impose new rules on the size and quality of a company's stock, and to impose new rules on the amount of money a company can raise from shareholders."
"The video, which has been viewed more than 9 million times, is not yet available online, but it has been viewed more than 1, 200, 000 times and is being viewed more than 100, 000 times."
"\"If you're going to be a young man, you're going to be a young woman,\" she said."
"It's not about the money, it's about the people that are here, it's about the people that are here, and that's what I want to see happen."
"\"I'm not sure what the point is, but I'm not going to say I'm not going to be happy,\" he said."
"\"If I can't get the money, I'll have to pay the rent,\" he says."
"The researchers found that people who were more likely to be affected by the virus had higher rates of depression."
"\"I don't know what it's going to be, but it's not like I'm going to be in a car,\" he said."
"The group's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the bank said it would cut its capital requirements for the next three years."
"The president- elect's pick for secretary of state is expected to be a Democrat, and the Republican nominee for attorney general is expected to be a Republican."
"\"If you don't want to be a part of that, then you're not going to be here,\" she said."
"\"I don't know how to get to the bottom of it,\" he said, adding he would not be surprised if it is not the case."
"\"I think he's going to be a very good player, but I don't think he's going to be able to play for us,\" he said."
"The move comes after the government said it would not seek to block the flow of asylum seekers to the country."
"\"I've been in a relationship for a year now and I'm still in love with her,\" she says."
"But the fact that it's going to be a very long time before I'm able to actually buy a home is going to be a huge challenge for me."
"I think it's a shame because I've got a lot of young guys who are coming through and I'm not sure they want to be in the position where they're not."
"The report said the UK had not been able to find a consistent and effective way of dealing with the issue."
"We've got to get the ball moving and we've got to play defense and we've got to get the ball moving and we've got to be aggressive and that's what we've done in the last couple games."
"The first thing he did was give me a call and I said, \"You know, I'm going to be here for the next two weeks."
"\"I'm not going to say anything because I don't know what it is,\" she said."
"\"It is a very important thing to do and I think that's the reason why the European Union is so important,\" he said."
"The UK is the world's largest economy, with a population of just over 1. 5 billion, and a population of over 2. 5 billion people."
"\"I think I'm the best player in the world, I'm a very good player, I've got a lot of respect for him,\" he said."
"I think the whole point of the game is to win it, so I'm not going to go out and take the game away."
"The government's announcement came as a surprise to many, but it is a step in the right direction."
"The Labour leader has called for a \"second referendum \"on the referendum result, arguing that it should be a referendum on Britain's place in Europe."
"I'm not sure how you can do that, but I think it's important for us to be in the game."
"It's not like I'm going to be in a car and I'm going to have to drive around and I'm going to have to come back to work."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm a woman, or it's just that I don't want to be a woman."
"I have had to do a lot of things to get through this and I think that's what's going to be really important for me."
"It's a very exciting time for the sport and we're really excited to be part of it."
"I think it is a very good thing for the club and for the players, because we are not going to have a bad season."
"I'm not sure what the best way to do that is to make the player feel like they're not alone, or like they're not part of the team."
"\"It's not a big deal, but it's not something I want to see,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good sign for us to be able to keep the momentum going,\" he said."
"The couple's relationship was broken up after he was caught on camera telling his wife he would kill himself if she didn't have sex with him."
"The company's shares have fallen more than 20 percent since the company announced the plan to cut its workforce by more than half."
"\"I have no intention of going back to the game, I'm just not going to play again,\" he said."
"The government has said that it is not responsible for the money spent on the border fence, and that it does not have a control over the money."
"\"It's a great feeling when you're in a situation where you're in a situation where you're not going to be able to do anything,\" he said."
"\"We're going to try to get the best possible deal and we're going to try to get the right deal for the Australian market,\" he said."
"The fact that he was a man of his word is not a surprise to me, but I'm not sure he's prepared to admit it."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the best player in the world, but I'm going to be better than anybody else."
"The figures show that in the first quarter of 2016, the average number of people who visited the UK by air rose by 1. 6 per cent."
"\"It's a big deal, but we've got to be prepared for it,\" said a source close to the negotiations."
"The debate, which was held on Wednesday night, was a chance for the candidates to show off their differences on issues."
"\"I'm not a politician, but I'm a human being,\" he said, according to the Associated Press."
"I think we have to be very careful about what we say, because we don't want to be a little bit too critical."
"I would like to see a better relationship, and I think it's important for the players to understand that it's not just about the money."
"The new law will be the first of its kind in Australia, and will be rolled out in the ACT."
"In the past, the company has been able to make a profit on its own, but the company's shares have been down in value since the Brexit vote."
"The new data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shows that the economy grew at a faster rate in the third quarter of this year than in the previous quarter."
"We have to get the job done, we have to get the people who are in the position to make that happen."
"\"The only thing that matters is the outcome, and I think that's what we're going to be seeing in the next couple of weeks,\" she said."
"We have to make sure that the best way to make the most of the opportunities we have is to play our game."
"The French government has said it will not impose any new sanctions on Russia or the Syrian government, but it has yet to do so."
"\"We have been in a very good relationship with the government, which is why we are still a very good friend,\" she said."
"The pair had a brief conversation in the early hours of Saturday morning, according to the police report, and later made plans to go to the store."
"The Obama administration's position on the matter is unclear, but it is likely to be one that will be discussed at a meeting of the Council of Economic Advisers in Washington."
"\"We don't want to be in the position of having to make a decision about a player because he's a young player,\" he said."
"I know what it feels like to be in the middle of a football match and to be able to get the ball in front of you."
"The woman, who is not named, was rushed to a hospital in the capital, where she was later found to be in a critical condition."
"The BBC understands that the family of a man who died in a crash in south- east Queensland on Monday are still searching for his body."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm going to try,\" she said."
"The pair have not been able to speak publicly since the incident, which happened in October 2014, when the pair were both in the car."
"The company's stock rose more than 1 percent on Tuesday after the company's shares were down nearly 20 percent in after- hours trading on Monday."
"\"I want to be able to do my job and I want to be able to do my job at the club and I want to be able to do my job at the club,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if I could ever be a good dad, but I know I'd be a good dad if I could be."
"I don't think it's going to be a surprise to anyone that he's going to be in the mix."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, looked at the effect of drinking on blood pressure, heart rate, and blood sugar levels."
"It's not that I don't like the way they play, but it's that I don't like them playing well."
"The total number of people who have been killed by guns in the United States has increased by more than 20 percent since 2000, according to the National Institute on Guns."
"The report, published on Wednesday, said that the government's approach to the issue was \"not consistent \"with the EU's common market rules."
"The government's announcement comes amid growing concerns about the impact of the Zika virus on the nation's health."
"It's the biggest thing I've ever done, and I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie."
"I don't think we've got the strength to go in and do the job and finish the job."
"The company's shares rose 1. 7 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company reported its second- quarter results earlier this month."
"The first was the $ 20, 000 that he had to pay for the plane ticket to the airport, and the second was the $ 1, 000 he paid for the flight to the airport."
"We're not going to get out of this race any time soon, we're just going to get on with it."
"I can't even imagine how he would feel if he was given a piece of paper saying he could never leave."
"The first thing you have to do is to see how it is going to affect you, how it's going to affect your family and your friends."
"\"The first thing we have to do is get the right people on board,\" she said, adding that the board had not yet decided what to do."
"He added that he was not aware of any plans to try to kill the two men, who are believed to be from the same family."
"The U. S. State Department said it would not comment on the case until the investigation is complete."
"\"I can't tell you how many times I've been told I'm not good enough,\" he said."
"It is not clear how the man, who was not identified, got to the hospital and was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital."
"The group's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 5. 35 in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not going to be a fan of any candidate that doesn't have a plan,\" she said."
"He's been in the game a lot and I'm happy for him because he's been the leader of the team."
"The only thing I can say is that I will be making the most of this opportunity I have had and will be working hard to make sure I am ready for the next one."
"The next day, the U. S. State Department announced that it was launching a new investigation into the incident, and it said it had found no evidence of criminal activity."
"\"It's a long process, and I don't want to get into too much detail,\" he said."
"The team also added that the man was \"very upset \"by the news and said he would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the man's family were not able to attend the game."
"\"We have to be prepared to face the challenges of the future and that's what we're going to do,\" he said."
"\"The number of people who are willing to take a risk on the basis of what they know is going to be a very, very high number,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to afford to pay for the next few years,\" he said."
"\"We are going to be a very different team, a very different team,\" he said, adding that he had no plans to change his tactics."
"The UK's economy grew by 0. 6 per cent in the second quarter of 2016, the fastest pace since the financial crisis of 2008- 9."
"He said: \"We have to be careful when we talk about the future of the NHS, because it is not always clear."
"The group has also been accused of using its mobile phone to monitor the movement of people and objects in the city."
"\"I don't think he's going to get the support he needs to do it,\" he said."
"The move is the latest in a series of moves by the government to cut the number of hours workers are allowed to work."
"\"I think we're going to have a really good game and I'm sure we'll be ready to go,\" he said."
"The company said it has had \"significant \"improvements in the past year, but has not yet achieved the levels it set for itself."
"The first thing he does is call me, and I'm like, \"I'm sorry, I don't know what to do."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the risk of heart failure increased with age."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the more you do it, the more you get used to it,\" he said."
"I was in the middle of a fight and I was just trying to get out of the way of the police, and I was shot."
"The team also said that it was not clear if the man had been involved in any other incidents since the incident."
"It was a great experience to be able to see the world in a new way and to be able to learn a lot from it."
"I don't want to say that we have to go back to the way we were, but we have to take a step back."
"\"It's a good thing for the sport to be able to have a little bit of fun,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people aged over 65 with dementia had risen by 13 per cent between 2011 and 2015."
"\"We're going to be a big team, we're going to be a big team, and we're going to be a big team,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to make it a point of view that you don't want to be seen as being racist."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea or a bad idea,\" he said in a telephone interview from the United States."
"The latest figures show the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by an average of 1. 3% since the start of the year."
"\"We have a lot of people who have been here for a long time and they don't have a problem with the work that we do,\" he said."
"The first thing we do is to get the ball rolling and we have to make sure we get the ball rolling."
"The man, who is believed to be from the same area, was arrested at the scene and is now being treated in hospital."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that he's a man who has been involved in a lot of different things."
"The first of the two major elections in the country's history will be held in 2018, but there are fears that the vote could be delayed for years."
"The third- quarter earnings per share rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 50, the best since March, according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S."
"The police said they were \"extremely concerned \"about the situation and had received a report from the family of the missing man."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital for treatment and later released, police said."
"He's a good player, but he's a very, very talented player, so it's going to be a battle for him."
"The fact that they are not, in fact, being given the chance to be a part of this is a sign of the times."
"But the government's official position is that the EU has to be protected from the risks of terrorism, which is why it has been so tough on the UK."
"\"We're going to go in there and have a conversation, and I will be the first to say, I'm not going to say anything,\" she said."
"\"The thing that's going to be most interesting is the fact that this is the first time that we've had a woman president,\" she said."
"I'm not sure that's what I want to be doing, but I'm sure I'll be doing it."
"The move to a new stadium is a big step up for the city, which has been hit by a series of protests."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players and I think they deserve to be playing for the team that they're representing,\" he said."
"I think we're going to see a lot more of that in the next couple of years."
"\"I think the reason I've got this job is because of the fact that I'm a woman,\" she said."
"But it's not just about the money, it's about what we do in the business and the vision we have for the future."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of the morning and charged with possession of a weapon."
"The fact that he's been in the game since the very first day of training- and he's done so well in the last couple of games- is a sign of his fitness."
"The two men were arrested and are being held in a police station on suspicion of murder, the prosecutor's office said."
"But, he said, the move was not to make the UK's relations with the EU \"more difficult,\" as he had previously suggested."
"\"We're going to be doing everything we can to keep our players healthy and keep them going,\" he said."
"\"The decision to start a new game is not easy, but we are determined to play a game that is very close to the final,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do it overnight,\" he said."
"\"I think that's what's going to happen if we don't do this,\" he said."
"The Obama administration has said it will not be able to meet the deadline to include the measure in the final bill."
"\"It was a big blow to me because I had to go through the process of making a decision to leave,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 7 per cent to $ 12. 18 in morning trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's earnings report on Friday."
"The number of people who are registered to vote in the referendum has risen by a quarter in the past year, according to the latest figures."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court he had been in a relationship with the woman for six months."
"The move comes after the U. S. Justice Department announced last week that it would review the case in a civil rights lawsuit."
"I don't know what's going to happen to him, but I know he's going to be fine."
"\"I've had a lot of people come and say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" and I'm not going to do this."
"The federal government is asking the public to help finance the project by buying a stake in the company, which is already in talks with other investors."
"\"We have to keep in mind that the amount of time we spend in the gym is going to be very, very important,\" he said."
"It's not the first time a woman has been accused of having a sexual encounter with a man."
"It's just that the game is going to be so much more intense, it's going to be so much more intense than it was before."
"I'm not sure if you're going to be able to find it on your own, but I'm sure you're going to find it."
"If you're a fan of the show and you're a fan of the show, then you've got to be able to understand the characters."
"\"We are going to get a lot of things done,\" he said, adding that he has \"a lot of friends \"in the room."
"It was a good thing to have him in the game, he was a good player and he was a great guy to play against."
"But it is a different kind of place, and I don't want to be there."
"The US has been a major supporter of the Syrian government in its fight against the rebels, but the group has also been accused of links to the regime."
"The report said that the number of people using the mobile network to access the internet in the past year has been about twice the number of people using it in the previous five years."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people of this state, and I hope they will be able to come back and vote,\" he said."
"\"We have to make sure that we are doing everything we can to ensure the safety of our employees and our customers,\" he said."
"The president- elect has said he would not be interested in running for office again if he were in charge of the country."
"The good news is that the central bank is now going to be able to issue a new bond- buying program."
"The report also found that the number of people who lost their jobs in the recession fell by about half, from about 1. 2 million to 1. 9 million."
"The British government said it would not be taking any action against the company, which was not named in the report."
"The UK is set to become the second country after the US to become the first to establish a free trade zone."
"It is a tough job, but it's not like being a doctor, it's just a job."
"\"It's not about the money, but it's about the people, and I think that's what this campaign is about,\" he said."
"The man, a man in his late 20s, was found dead in his home on the same day."
"\"I don't know how much I've got to give to them,\" he told the newspaper."
"The United States and its allies have been accused of using chemical weapons in Syria since the conflict began in 2011, and the United States has said it has no evidence to back up its claims."
"\"It's not a surprise, but we're not going to be in the market for a new car,\" he said."
"The next day, a bomb went off in the building's parking lot and the building was destroyed."
"\"We've got a lot of guys who are going to be playing this year, and I think it's going to be a really good year,\" Murray said."
"The team's decision to move forward with the project, which will involve a new roof, was made after a consultation with the public."
"It is a great opportunity for us to show that we can compete and we are not going to stop doing that."
"I've been to a lot of games where you have to win, and I've won three times and I don't think it's a bad thing."
"The same is true of the kind of work we do on the ground in the Middle East and Africa."
"The next question is whether the government can secure the funding to carry out the reforms and the first minister has said she will look at the matter."
"I think it's important that we talk about the issues that are most important to women, and we talk about them in a way that's not just about the issues that women are facing."
"He said: \"I'm delighted that we've been able to bring him back to life and he's a fantastic young man."
"\"I want to thank the staff and the volunteers for the support they have given me,\" he said."
"The report said the company's share price fell by 1. 5 per cent to $ 2. 17 in the second quarter."
"He said: \"I am delighted that we have had the opportunity to speak to him today, and I am delighted to have been able to speak to him."
"I don't think there is a question of whether the UK is a member of the EU or not, but I do think that it is a member of the EU."
"But the campaign has been struggling to convince voters that they should be paying more attention to the economy, and to the world, than they were when it was first announced."
"The woman, who did not wish to be named, said she was angry at the way the police treated her."
"It's a big club and you can't just go out and play every day and you're not going to be able to do that."
"The government has been in talks with the major banks over the issue, and the Bank of England has said it is considering the issue."
"It's a great opportunity, but I think it's important to try and get a couple of points in there."
"The US has said it will not accept any form of military intervention in Syria, but it is not clear what the US will do if it does."
"\"I'm not saying it's the best, but I'm not saying it's the worst,\" she said."
"But it's a different thing now, because you have to work with people and you have to make them feel like you are part of something."
"The team's first- round pick, who was a fourth- round pick in 2015, will be a free agent after the season."
"\"I don't know what's going to happen in the next few days, but I'm going to stay here,\" he said."
"I have been in a relationship for about three years now and I am very happy to have had a relationship with him."
"\"It's been a long time since I've played a big game and it's been a lot of fun,\" he said."
"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I've had to learn how to do it."
"He's a good player and he's a good guy, but he's not a great player, and I don't think he'll be a great player."
"\"I would like to see more of this in the media, but I don't think it's going to be the way it was,\" he said."
"The report, which was published on Wednesday, was made public ahead of the UK's vote to leave the European Union in June."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 45, or 2. 4%, to $ 37. 99 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"I'm just so happy that I'm going to be able to be here for the next four years and I'm so proud to be here for my family."
"He said the victims were \"very young and very young, they were very ill- affected,\" but they had \"a lot of friends \"and \"a lot of friends \"who were \"very close to them."
"We are going to be looking at the next four months and we will see if we can get some momentum going."
"The paper's executive editor, John Williams, said: \"We were delighted to have won this important award."
"The last time the U. S. president visited Cuba was in 2009, when he visited the island in a private plane."
"He said: \"I don't think the SNP will be able to win this election, I think the Scottish National Party will be able to win it."
"\"I think the thing that's most interesting to me is that you have people who have been in the business for so long and they're still doing it,\" he said."
"It was a tough game but it was a good result for us and hopefully we can continue to improve and win games."
"\"We have a very strong team, and we're very confident that we can win the next four games,\" said the coach."
"We are a group of people who have been together for a long time and have been through a lot together."
"I think it's important for us to keep the momentum going and see what we can do next year."
"\"I can't see how the government can be expected to be able to do the things it is supposed to be doing,\" he said."
"The company said it has a strong track record of bringing in new products and services to the market, and the company is working to improve its products and services."
"In a statement, the Department of Justice said it would continue to investigate the allegations and would take appropriate action."
"\"I think he's going to be a very good candidate,\" he said, adding that the GOP presidential nominee was \"not going to be a bad choice."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say in the dressing room because we have to be very careful about what we say in the dressing room,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of young players, but it's a group of guys that are still learning,\" he said."
"The money will be used to pay for the operation of the site, which has been under construction for more than two years."
"\"We're in a position where we've got to be able to make decisions and we've got to be able to make decisions that are not only good for the team, but also for the players,\" he said."
"The company is currently working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI on its investigation."
"The White House says that the president has not yet spoken with Putin and that the Russian leader has not yet spoken to Congress."
"If you're a member of the party, you should be able to make your voice heard and vote for me."
"The decision to cut the number of flights from London to the US has been widely criticised and the airline said it would look at ways to improve its service in the US."
"The British Medical Association said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision and said it had been contacted by the woman."
"In his speech, Mr. Trump also said that he was \"not going to let anybody else do the talking,\" and that he would not have voted for Hillary Clinton."
"If you have a high- end car and you want to sell it to someone, you can go to the auction house and buy it from them."
"I was really worried about the fact that I would be in a position where I couldn't do anything about it."
"The agreement is a win- win for the city, and it's the first time in the history of the city that a city has made such a big deal about a particular issue."
"\"I don't want to be in the position where I'm not able to play for the team,\" he said."
"\"I've never seen anything like it, I've never seen a person in that position of being in that position and that's what I've seen,\" he said."
"I think it's important to keep in mind that if you're not on the pitch you're not going to get the ball."
"\"I think it's a shame that we didn't have a good start,\" he said."
"\"I've been trying to get my head around it, but I don't think it's going to be easy,\" he said."
"The move comes amid concerns over the impact on the health of the NHS of a number of proposals that would require the government to agree to a new contract."
"The paper said the findings were not based on actual incidents, but instead were based on reports of police officers being injured in the course of a police operation."
"The study was carried out in the Netherlands and the UK, but it was not possible to determine the exact cause of death."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take in enough migrants, with the number of people arriving in Greece reaching a record high of more than 1. 6 million."
"\"I have to admit, it was a little bit hard to believe that this was going to happen,\" he said."
"I've had to do a lot of things to get the best result, and I'm really grateful for that."
"The UK is already the only major economy to have a higher proportion of women in senior roles than men, according to the report."
"He was not the only one who was affected by the attack, but he was the only one who could have been saved."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see where we can work together and where we can get to where we want to go."
"\"I'm not saying that they are going to win, but I'm saying that they are going to win,\" he said."
"He is the first British politician to be accused of sexual assault, and the first politician to be charged with a crime for which there is no evidence."
"We've got a lot of games left in the season and it's going to be tough to get back."
"The UK's top- ranked players are expected to meet in London on Thursday to discuss the latest developments."
"He is a very good player, he is a very good player, but he is not a player who will be able to do that for us."
"\"The only thing I can say is I'm really sorry I didn't see the video,\" he said."
"The group's annual report on Monday said the number of people using the service had increased by more than 50% since it was introduced in 2014."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 3 billion in the last three years and that it would close about a third of its stores."
"But I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing to have a good relationship."
"The government has been criticised for not doing enough to address the issue, which has been at the heart of the campaign for the referendum."
"The fact that he's not the best player in the world is a problem because he's not the best player in the world, and he's not the best player in the world because he's not the best player in the world."
"The official said the U. S. military was not involved in the attack but that it was \"deeply concerned \"about the damage."
"If you are a woman, you are more likely to be in a position where you are not going to be able to speak for yourself."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent in the past year, the charity said."
"The U. S.- led coalition launched air strikes against ISIS in Syria and Iraq in March, but the Syrian government has been unable to strike ISIS targets in the country."
"But I don't think there's any doubt that the money that we're going to spend on education will be good for the economy."
"He said he was \"very concerned \"about the impact of the new rules on the local economy, particularly the lack of jobs for young people."
"The Russian defense ministry said on Friday that it had confirmed the arrest of a man and a woman in the city."
"\"I'm not going to be saying anything to the media, I'm not going to be saying anything to the public,\" he said."
"The Scottish government is looking at a new set of rules to allow it to force companies to pay for the maintenance of the roads in the event of a power out."
"It's a very good feeling, but I can't really go out there and play the way I want to play."
"The woman's mother, who did not want to be named, said:'We are still waiting for the police to come and speak to us."
"It's a little bit different when you're playing in the Premier League but it's a great feeling to be on the pitch for the first time."
"The government said it had not yet received the report, but was investigating whether the company's share price had been affected."
"If you can't get the same level of attention from the people you're talking to, you're not going to get the same level of attention from the people you're talking to."
"I don't think the world is ready for the kind of growth that is being seen in the United States."
"The study also found that the women who had the most sex, the most weight loss and the most exercise were also the most likely to develop a disease."
"The Scottish Government has said it will not be supporting any group that has a policy of targeting women."
"I don't know if I would be able to do it for a couple of years, but I'm sure I'd be happy to do it."
"The reason I'm here is because I want to be able to help people and help them get a better life."
"I don't know what it is that is going on in my head, but I have to take a look at it."
"I was hoping to get a better deal, but I just couldn't get it in the past few days."
"The \"B \"word was used by the government in the run- up to the referendum to keep Britain in the single market, but it is not used by the EU."
"But he added that the government had not yet decided whether it would accept the deal, and that it would wait for the outcome of the referendum."
"I've been to a few of the events, but I've never been to a good one."
"\"It's a very special moment for me and I'm so proud of it,\" he said."
"We've got to be a little bit more careful and we've got to be more aggressive in our defensive play."
"He's been a great player for us and we're looking forward to him playing well for us."
"The most important thing is to get him to a place where he can be a part of the team, and that's what we've done."
"\"It's not the first time we've had to do this, but it's the first time we've done it in a year,\" he said."
"The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said she had been on the road for about two hours when she was attacked."
"The company's stock fell to $ 2. 25 in after- hours trading on Thursday after it was reported that the company would be shut down."
"\"The problem is that we've got to make sure that we have a good, stable and affordable housing supply,\" he said."
"I think it's a shame that we're not in a position to do it now and we need to get our act together and get the right balance."
"In the wake of the announcement, the company said it had been working to find a replacement for the device, which was not available for sale."
"\"I don't know if it's the best or not, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs in the past year has risen by more than a third, the study found."
"The measure, which was introduced by a coalition of MPs and peers, is being considered by the Commons Foreign Affairs Committee."
"The decision to leave the EU has been made and we will continue to do so and we will continue to work with our European partners to make sure we get the best deal for the UK."
"The country's second- largest economy is still struggling to recover from the worst economic crisis since the Second World War."
"\"We don't know what the outcome is going to be, but we're going to see what we can do to win the game,\" he said."
"In the past year, the number of people using social media to share their views has increased by more than 80 per cent."
"\"I am very happy to be here, but I don't think it will be the best place to be,\" she said."
"The reason I am here is that I have been involved in the debate for a long time and I think that is the right thing to do."
"\"I don't know what the world is going to think, but I'm going to be a very good leader,\" he said."
"The report said the Government's \"failure to act \"on the issue had led to \"a significant \"increased risk to the NHS."
"\"I think we've got to make sure we're not just playing for one thing and playing for two,\" he said."
"It's a lot easier to play in the Premier League now because you've got a lot more players, so I'm happy for him."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the way he's played,\" said the former England captain, who will be one of the hosts of the game."
"We're going to be able to use the power of the internet to create a better world for all of us."
"It's a problem that's been going on for a long time, and we're going to have to deal with it."
"\"I think it's important for me to go back to the game and play a little bit more,\" he said."
"The average age of the women was 54, while the men had a mean age of 53. 5 years, the researchers said."
"The New York Times reported on Wednesday that a former Trump campaign manager has pleaded guilty to lying to federal agents about his relationship with the Russian president."
"\"I think it's important that we have a system that allows people to have a fair hearing, to be able to see what is going on,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if I will be able to go to school because I don't know what's going to happen,\" she said."
"It's just a question of time, and I think we have to be more consistent about what we do."
"The man, who has not been named, was taken to a hospital with serious injuries, but has since been released."
"\"I don't think we're in a position to get back to that,\" he said, adding that he would prefer to focus on his job as a senator."
"It's a huge thing for us, and we want to make sure that we do everything we can to keep it that way."
"I don't think it's a good thing to be a woman in the first place, but it's not a bad thing."
"The survey also found that a majority of people feel that they are less able to cope with the demands of life on the road than they were before."
"The problem is that the government is not doing enough to address the problem, and the only way to do it is to raise the price of a product."
"\"I don't know if it was a mistake, but I'm not going to lie, I didn't see it,\" he said."
"I was always going to be on the list, but it was a tough one because I didn't feel I could compete."
"The paper's article, which appeared in The Times on Tuesday, said that the government had failed to explain the problems it was facing."
"But he's not going to be able to do that, and I think we've got to keep him on the field."
"He was a great kid, but he was not a great player, he wasn't a great player in the NFL."
"The judge said the couple had been married for six years, had a son and two daughters and had a \u00a3 500, 000 home."
"\"I'm not sure how many people in this room are going to be able to see it,\" he said."
"We were the first to admit we were not all that good, but I am happy we were able to play a good game."
"\"I don't think we've seen a lot of that in this year's campaign,\" he said."
"The couple's first child, a daughter, was born in June 2014, but the couple's second child, a son, was born in February 2015."
"The prime minister said the government would not be \"surprised \"if the UK votes to leave the EU, adding: \"The UK is not going to be surprised if the UK votes to leave the EU."
"The new rules will allow the government to ban the practice, but only if it is proven to cause harm to children."
"In the past, the U. S. has been the only country to have a minimum wage of $ 7. 25 per hour."
"The company said it has been working with the FBI to find the man, who is believed to be a U. S. citizen."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I think we need to be in the game,\" he said."
"We are going to be in the final of the Champions League, we are going to be in the final of the Champions League, and we will be playing in the final of the Champions League."
"It's not just a matter of being in the right place at the right time, it's also about being in the right place at the right time."
"The first time I saw it was in the TV commercial for the movie \"The Crown,\" which was directed by George Michael."
"It's not just that the man has a disability but he's got to be able to walk."
"The man, who is not named, was arrested after police were called to a home in the city on Tuesday evening."
"But the reality is that, for the first time in the history of this country, a candidate for president has been elected without a majority of the country's voters."
"I'd like to see the market come back to the same level as it has been for the last couple of years."
"He was born in Germany, and moved to the US with his parents in the late 1980s."
"He said he would have to wait until the next election, when the party will have to decide whether to hold a general election."
"He added that the government was \"not in a position to offer the kind of leadership that we need \"to the economy."
"\"We will be looking at the whole range of things that can be done to improve the quality of life in the community,\" he said."
"\"I think it's going to be very tough to get into the top four, but I think it's going to be a very tough race,\" he said."
"The man was arrested and charged with a range of offences, including possession of cannabis and possession of a dangerous weapon."
"\"If I had a choice I would say yes to it, but I don't,\" she said."
"The German government has been hit with criticism for its failure to take in more than 1. 5 million refugees from Syria."
"The company is also considering whether to increase its share price in the US, where it has more than $ 1 billion in cash and a market capitalisation of $ 1. 9 billion."
"\"We will be doing everything we can to support the people of Flint and their families,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important for the players to be able to be themselves, to be able to be themselves, to be able to be themselves,\" he said."
"\"We are going to work very hard to get our message across to the rest of the world that we are not going to let Donald Trump win,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what he's thinking, but I'm going to be very careful,\" he said."
"The average age of a new owner is now 65, but the average age of a new owner is still 17."
"\"I don't think he's ever done anything like that,\" said one source close to the club."
"It was a pretty cool day out, and I really didn't think I would be able to do it all in one day."
"I am sure that when I was a kid, there would be a lot of people who would be able to get in and take a picture."
"\"I'm not going to say anything negative about Hillary Clinton, but I am not going to say anything negative about Donald Trump,\" he said."
"\"I think it's going to be a really good season for the team, but it's going to be a tough year for the players,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but I'm not sure it's a bad idea."
"The school is now expected to make a decision on its future by the end of the year, although the decision is not yet known."
"The new study found that the more you drink, the more likely you are to be diagnosed with the condition."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a conversation with a young person, especially when you're already in a relationship."
"The survey also found that more than half of people said they would not be able to afford a house if they did not have a mortgage."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the paper: \"I didn't know what I was going to do."
"\"We're not going to be able to keep a 1, 000- year- old building,\" he said."
"\"The only reason I can think of is that I have a lot of respect for her,\" she said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do this without some sort of agreement,\" he said, adding that he had no intention of moving to the UK."
"\"It's not a great feeling to be out there, but it's a nice feeling,\" she said."
"\"I've never been in a relationship where I was in a relationship and I didn't want to be in a relationship,\" he says."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was released on bail."
"\"We have to be able to cope with the pressure of the game and I'm sure we will,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to take the money, I'm going to be a real good person and I'm going to be the guy that gets the ball,\" he said."
"\"It's the first time I've done this in a long time, so it's a big boost,\" he said."
"We've got to make sure we get the right people in the right places to make sure that we're able to make it happen."
"The first lady has been in a relationship with the president for two years now and the first lady is in a relationship with President Obama for three years now."
"I was lucky enough to be in the first team and to be able to play in the first team and be able to play in the first team, it's a great feeling."
"The other thing is, I don't know what the deal is, but I'm not going to let him do it."
"The news comes as the Government continues to struggle to secure funding for the operation, which is expected to cost up to \u00a3 1 billion."
"It's the first time in the history of the game that we have won a game in a week that we have won two or three games in a week."
"I'm not saying it's not important, but if you're in a club that's a good place to be."
"In the past few months, I've been working on my own new book, which is a bit more ambitious than the one I published in 2012."
"\"I'm just a young kid, I don't know what I'm going to do,\" he said."
"\"We have to have the confidence to be competitive against a top team, and I think we have to do that,\" he said."
"\"I can't tell you how many times I've been in the hospital and I've had to go through that,\" he said."
"He said: \"I'm very disappointed that the chairman has not been able to speak to the club about the matter."
"The report said that the number of people who had been denied access to the service increased by nearly half to 6. 1 million in the six months to September."
"It's not the first time that the Broncos have lost a game to a team that is so far behind them."
"I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm going to be very excited about it."
"I think it's important that we take this seriously and not just give it up to the next generation, but to the next generation."
"The \"holiday \"holiday period is the most popular time of year for Australians, with more than three quarters of Australians saying they would like to spend Christmas on holiday."
"It's a great experience, but I'm not sure how much it will really help me."
"He's had a very good year and we're hoping he can be a very good one for us."
"But when he was asked to explain why he didn't want to be a dad, he said: \"Because I want to be a father."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I'm very happy to be here,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria for years, but it has not conducted airstrikes on the group's own territory."
"We have a lot of good players in the squad, so we'll just have to keep working hard."
"It was a good night for me, it was a good night for the boys and I'm really happy about it."
"The number of women in the workforce in the UK has fallen by more than a third since 2010, according to a report."
"The new rules, which are expected to be announced by the end of the year, will be rolled out over the next few months."
"\"I think it's important to keep in mind that this is a very different world than what we've been in the past,\" he says."
"The only thing I can say is that I don't think the men are going to be happy with the outcome."
"The government has said it wants to keep the system in place but will not be able to guarantee the right to keep the cards."
"The campaign has also been criticized for not making clear that it will not be supporting Hillary Clinton in the general election."
"\"I think it's important for us to make sure that we're not just going to be a third- party party,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to be able to say what I want to say, but I'm going to be able to do it in a way that's not like the way I would like to do it,\" he said."
"\"I was a little bit nervous because I didn't know if I was going to get the job and I just wanted to make the best of it,\" he said."
"The main thing I want to tell you is that we are not going to let this happen again."
"I don't think there's a reason why you can't go to the Olympics in Rio."
"The company said it expects to generate $ 3. 7 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the previous quarter."
"The EU's top trade official has warned that the UK could face a \"Brexit \"without the right of access to the single market."
"It is not clear what caused the crash, but it is thought the driver was travelling at a high rate of speed."
"The government is also working with the UN on a resolution that would allow the UN to monitor the situation in Aleppo."
"The problem is that they are not, and I am not going to say they are not good enough to go."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to make a play on the next level, to play a team that has a lot of experience and a lot of depth,\" he said."
"It's a very important game for us, and we know we have to win it, but we've got to win it on the back of the wins we've had."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down almost 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The fact that he has been on the team for so long, it's a good thing."
"He said: \"We have been working on this for a long time and we are now confident that we are going to be able to get the job done."
"I'd like to see the other side of the story, that they were more than just a couple of people."
"The problem is that he is a good player, he is a good striker, he is a good defender, he has good hands and he is a good player in the centre of the park."
"The woman, who was also a passenger in the vehicle, was taken to a hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"\"I can't see it happening, but I'm sure it's going to happen,\" she said."
"The group's new ad campaign, which is aimed at young people, will run in the United States, Canada, Germany and the Netherlands."
"I've got a lot of friends who are either in the industry or just have been in the industry for a long time."
"In the last few weeks, I've been in a lot of the meetings and I've got a lot of people saying they want to see me."
"I've never been in a position where I've been in a position where I've been in a position where I've been able to say I'm going to fight."
"The report says the government has to show that it is committed to reducing emissions, and that it has been doing so for at least a decade."
"I'm not going to say what I think, but I'm not going to say what I think about the Democratic Party."
"The company is also investing heavily in technology, which will help it improve its customer experience and drive sales, the company said."
"I have a lot of respect for the young players and I am not surprised they are not going to be able to make it."
"In fact, the only reason I haven't seen this kind of thing is because I've never seen it before."
"\"I think the biggest thing for me is I don't want to be in a situation where I don't have the opportunity to play well,\" he said."
"The group's latest annual report showed that the number of people using the service rose from a year earlier to a record high of 1. 5 million."
"He was also known to be a hard worker, and he was able to stay in the team for a few years."
"If I don't have a job, I'm not going to do it, but I'm going to get my education and I'm going to go to college."
"I think that's the reason why I don't like him so much, because he's a good coach."
"I think it's a very important thing for the sport to recognise and to be able to say, \"We've got a problem."
"\"I'm not sure I can stand the thought of being in a world where I'm not allowed to speak my mind and be myself,\" he said."
"\"The government has not done a good enough job of protecting the environment and the environment is not safe,\" he said."
"The numbers are significant because they are the only two- year period in which the percentage of people in the EU who are in work has fallen."
"\"I am not saying that it will be a disaster, but I am saying that it is a very dangerous place to be,\" he said."
"The government is expected to announce a plan to bring in more people into the workforce in a bid to boost employment."
"I don't think there's a lot of people who don't want to go to the gym and do their thing."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of changes in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a sign of the times, but I've been here before,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be the one who says it's OK to do that,\" she said."
"\"We have to be careful with the number of people who are coming in,\" he told the BBC's \"Today \"show."
"\"I think it's important for us to be in the mix for the playoffs,\" he said."
"But the news that he had been arrested and charged with a hate crime was not a surprise to many."
"I've been working on it for a long time and it's something I really enjoy, but I'm not really a fan of it."
"In the last couple of weeks, I have been playing really well, and I'm really pleased to be here."
"The Fed's last meeting in December was in the same meeting, which was a historic achievement for the Fed."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything for my family,\" he said, according to the report."
"\"I'm not going to get caught up in the politics of it all,\" he said."
"The report said that the government had not yet decided whether to continue the programme and that it would be \"highly likely \"that the number of people with mental health problems would fall."
"If you can't afford it, you can't afford to be a parent, and you can't afford to be a teacher."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we're not putting our children in harm's way."
"The study also found that women who had been using the drug for longer than a year were more likely to have a heart attack."
"\"I think the most important thing is that you don't let anyone tell you what you can't do,\" she said."
"He said he would be \"very careful \"about what he said in interviews about the matter, adding: \"I don't know what he's going to say."
"I'm not sure why they don't want him back but I think it's the right thing to do."
"The family said they had been in a relationship for a year and a half and had been in contact with her since her death."
"\"I'm sure the fans are going to be very happy with the way I played,\" he said."
"\"We have a very good squad and we are playing well,\" he said, adding that they had been in contact with the club about the possibility of a return."
"The two- year- old boy, who was in the care of a friend, died at the scene and was taken to a nearby hospital."
"\"I want to make sure that people have access to a safe place to live, and I'm going to work with the local authorities to ensure that we do that,\" he said."
"I don't think he's going to be able to compete with the rest of them, but he's got a lot of work to do."
"But the biggest thing for me was to get myself out of the situation and get out of the way of the game."
"In the past, I've been very critical of the government's policies, but I've also been very critical of the opposition's policies."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the fact that she's not a politician,\" said the woman, who declined to give her name."
"We're still trying to figure out what we're going to do next, but it's definitely something that we've got to get right."
"I've got to be careful, and I've been doing it for a long time, but I've got to be careful about what I do."
"It's a little bit different for us to be in a different environment and we're trying to do the best job we can."
"The problem is that the company has not been able to provide a way to access the information on the people who are actually making the money."
"We know that the people who have to work so hard to get by in this country have to be able to pay their fair share."
"I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but I'm just saying that I don't know how to deal with it."
"He said: \"I've got a couple of other things to do in the next few weeks, but I'm not going to be doing that."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I have to admit that I was a bit surprised,\" she said."
"I have a lot of friends who are in the business of doing this and they are all working for the same reason."
"The first thing I want to say is that I have no intention of ever having a child of my own, but I will do everything I can to make sure that happens."
"The first thing you need to do is to understand that you're not alone, and that it's not easy to get all of the support you want."
"\"I've never seen anything like it, it's just so new and it's just so different,\" he said."
"\"If I had to pick a favorite song, it would be \"I'm not a bad person,\" \"he said."
"I don't know if it's because I'm a little bit older, but I'm a little bit older."
"\"I don't know if they have a job, I don't know if they're going to be able to do their job,\" she said."
"The issue is not just about the president's performance, but also about the lives of the people he is serving."
"The company said it had more than doubled the number of people in the UK who use the service, which is available to all customers."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm really happy with the way the season has gone."
"The problem is that we are not even in the top 10 in the world, but we are in the top 10 in the world in terms of the number of people that are in the world."
"I don't want to be the one to say I'm the only one, but I am the one that is going to get the credit."
"The story of the campaign has been a source of great joy for many, but the truth is that it has not been."
"It's a really good thing that we've got a group of guys who are really good players who can be a really good influence on our game."
"\"If you're going to be a good coach, then you need to have a good team and a good team can't have a bad team,\" he said."
"\"We are going to take a look at this in a different way than the previous year and see what we can do to help the club win games,\" he said."
"\"We have to find a way to make the game more fun for everyone, and that is what we have to do,\" he said."
"We are still trying to figure out what's going on, but we are pretty sure that this is a terrorist attack."
"The new data shows that the proportion of people who said they had been sexually abused increased from 13 per cent to 16 per cent over the period."
"The government has said it will not give up control of the system, but it will still have to provide the necessary support."
"I have been to the top of the world and I know that I have to do it because I have to win the world championship and I know that I have to do it."
"The only thing that will make a difference in the outcome is if we have a very good team and a very good manager."
"The majority of those who have been detained have been released on bail and are now on their way back to their home countries, where they will be charged with terrorism offences."
"The government has pledged to increase the number of refugees coming to Europe by at least 1. 5 million by 2020."
"The company said it had \"a substantial presence \"in the UK and had been in discussions with other firms."
"The video was filmed at the end of a two- hour drive from the airport to the city, and has been watched more than 1. 2 million times."
"The incident occurred on Sunday, when the same man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and is currently in custody."
"He's the kind of player who you can't go out and score goals for him."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Sunday, and a man and a woman were taken to a hospital in critical condition."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, also found that the amount of sleep you actually get during the day is a factor in the health of your body."
"It is a great honour to be part of a team that has been around for a long time and to be a part of something that has been a long time coming."
"\"I don't want to be a part of this, but I have to be in the game,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all members of the public and are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks."
"\"I want to be able to play in the same way I did when I came here,\" he said."
"The German government has been critical of the deal, saying it would be a \"significant blow \"to the European Union."
"I've been in the business for 15 years, I've been the head of a small business for 18, I've been in business for a long time and I've got a lot of experience."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, I don't think it's a big deal, it's just a normal thing,\" she said."
"The group's shares rose 1. 7 per cent to $ 21. 25 in after- hours trading."
"But it was a great moment for me and it's a great feeling to be in the team and I'm happy to be back in the team."
"The latest figures show that the average household in the UK has lost \u00a3 4, 000 in tax since 2011."
"The team is looking to add more players to its squad this summer and it is unlikely that the club will be able to match the quality of the players that are already here."
"He said he was \"absolutely \"pleased by the outcome of the vote and that the party's leadership \"has been \"very clear \"about its intention."
"It is not clear how many are believed to be still in the area and the government is not certain what the exact number is."
"\"We're going to have to be very careful about what we do with the money we've already made,\" he said."
"The second of the four- year- olds was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, the police said."
"The party's deputy leader, Jeremy Corbyn, has said he will not be supporting the plans if they are not \"more effective \"than the proposed changes."
"I don't think the government is going to do that because it doesn't want to see the economy going up."
"\"I think the last few years have been really hard for me and I have been really disappointed,\" she said."
"\"I think the fact that he was able to do that and he's got a good body and he's got a good arm and he's got the ability to play in the NFL,\" he said."
"The main thing is that we are going to be able to keep a very strong squad and we have to keep our players on the pitch."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm going to be absolutely confident that I'm going to win,\" he said."
"It was a tough time for us, but we have to take our time and we will see what happens in the next few weeks."
"I was told by the police that I was not allowed to go to the store, so I was taken away."
"But if you are a man, you are not a woman, so you have to be careful."
"I think we've got a lot of good players, but we've got a lot of guys who are just not ready to play."
"I've never been in a position where I've been in a position where I've been able to say, \"You know what?"
"The Prime Minister said: \"We are working closely with the British government to ensure that the UK remains a global leader in digital innovation, particularly in the areas of health and education."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the results of the survey, which was conducted in March and April."
"\"It's a bit of a surprise that we have a lot of players that are going to come in and play,\" he said."
"The way we've played this year, we've played better than we've played in a couple of years."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman in a comedy, but I do know that I have a lot of women in my life."
"\"If you look at the teams that are winning, it's not like we're winning games,\" he said."
"\"I've been here before and I'm a big fan of the kids,\" he said."
"The fact that we have a president who has said he will not be involved in the process of making sure that we're safe is something that I think is very important."
"The group is also planning to hold a rally in front of the White House in Washington, D. C., on March 17."
"The same is true of the UK's relationship with the EU, which has been damaged by the Brexit vote."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a perfect storm, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The latest survey by the state's health authority shows that the number of people using the internet fell by 1. 5 per cent in the three months to June."
"I've been told that you're not allowed to go to the movies, but I don't want to go to the movies."
"It's a big game, and it's going to be a big game, but we're not going to let anyone get away with it."
"The first of these was a year ago, when the company said it would reduce its workforce by about 20 percent."
"\"I'm not going to go to the doctor and say I'm going to die,\" he said."
"The agency has been investigating the case for more than a year, but it has not found any evidence of criminal misconduct."
"The UK is one of the few countries in the EU that does not have a criminal record, but it is not the only one."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad, and I think we can build on that,\" he said."
"\"I think that's the most important thing that I can do to help the club achieve its mission,\" he said."
"I'm going to do it with the best of my ability, and I'm going to do it with the best of my ability because I'm going to be in a position where I can't do it."
"It's a small change, but it's not a big one, and I think it's a good thing."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're playing at home and we're playing in front of a big crowd,\" he said."
"I've always had a very positive view of the sport and it's something that I've always been very close to."
"\"I think it's a really important moment for the whole club, and I think it's a really important moment for the whole of football,\" he said."
"\"We don't know what's going on in Syria, but we do know that we're going to be a target,\" she said."
"\"I've got the whole team in the car, so I'm not going to worry about it,\" he said."
"\"We don't want to be in a position where we don't have a choice,\" he said."
"In a separate development, a group of about 20 members of the United Nations Security Council are to meet in New York for a meeting to discuss the situation in Syria."
"He's been doing this for a long time and I think he's got a lot of good memories to go around."
"\"I'm not going to be saying anything, but I will say this: I'm not going to be in the room with anybody,\" he said."
"\"We're going to try and get them to do what they've been doing all along,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if we can do it in the next couple of weeks,\" he said."
"It's a shame that we're not getting the results we need to win games, but we have to get our guys back to the level they deserve."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm against it, but I'm not going to say that I'm against it,\" he said."
"I was looking at my phone and there were a lot of calls coming in from people who were trying to get in."
"I'm not sure what the next few years are going to bring, but we're going to have a lot of people who are going to be very happy."
"The first thing we would do is ask the French to help us to get a good deal on our products."
"The poll also shows that the majority of voters in Scotland are against independence, with only a quarter saying they would vote for a Yes vote."
"He has a lot of things to say about the game, but he's not the type of person who can be a leader."
"But I think the way the game is played is that you need to be able to play for your team, and you need to be able to play for the team that you're playing for."
"The FBI has said it has not received any information that suggests the two men had a relationship."
"\"The only way I can see it is if we do it in a way that is not a compromise,\" he said."
"I am not a fan of the idea that we're going to have a perfect society, but I am a fan of the idea of a perfect society."
"\"The best thing that can happen is for us to have a conversation about it, and I think that is what we are going to be doing,\" he said."
"It's not like I'm going to do anything, but I'm going to do everything I can to help him."
"We were a little bit disappointed but we were still a little bit disappointed and we played well, we played well, we played well in the first half and we played well in the second half."
"\"It's a big step for us to get to where we want to be and it's a big step for the boys,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to a local hospital where he is being treated for minor injuries."
"I'm not sure why I didn't do it earlier, but I felt like it was a good thing."
"The number of people who were unable to take part in the survey was up from 1. 5 million in June to 2. 1 million in July."
"\"The only thing I can think of is that I'm going to get a lot of attention,\" he said."
"It's a very good thing, because if you can't do it, then you're not going to be able to do it."
"\"I've been in this business for a long time and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"It is a great honour to be part of the team, but I'm not sure that is going to be the case."
"We're not going to be able to do it in the next four years, so it's a matter of time before we can."
"But he said that it was not the first time he had been attacked by the group, and said he had been told to leave the area."
"The incident happened on the same day as the second anniversary of the nuclear deal struck between the world's two largest nuclear powers, Japan and South Korea."
"The number of people who have been detained or arrested for suspected terrorism offences has increased by more than 20 per cent in the past three years, the report said."
"\"It's a good thing that I'm in the middle of a very successful season and I'm not going to be disappointed,\" he said."
"The number of people who are now in the UK illegally is rising, according to a report by the Home Office."
"It's not like you're going to get a free lunch every day, you're going to have to pay for it."
"He said the European Commission had been \"very clear \"that it would not accept the deal, which was supposed to take effect in March."
"The truth is, we can't afford to be in a position where we're not doing what we need to do."
"I think it's important to remember that it is a very difficult time for us and we have to be ready."
"It's a good thing that I can get a good look at the team and know that they're doing well."
"\"We've been very lucky to be able to take advantage of the fact that we have a very good team,\" he said."
"If you want to see what is happening in the world, you can go to the website of the UN or the World Health Organization."
"\"I'm not going to lie- I'm not going to say I was nervous,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has been clear that the UK will continue to be a member of the European Union and will continue to work closely with the EU to ensure the UK's security and stability."
"\"I've been trying to get my name out there as soon as possible, but I'm not getting the recognition I need to,\" he said."
"It is a pretty big thing, and we have to be very clear about that."
"\"We have to get the right people on the ground in the right places and we have to make sure that we're able to make the right decisions,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of things going on, but I think the most important thing is that we have a good team,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it was investigating the case and that the FBI was continuing to investigate."
"\"We are not going to be able to do it for a few years,\" he said, adding that it would be good if he could do it for a few more years."
"The latest poll of the poll's 1, 000 likely voters found that Trump is the most popular candidate in the race."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I didn't know what I was going to do,\" he said."
"He added: \"I'm not a politician, I don't want to be one, but I know that if I had a choice, I would choose the one I had."
"We've got a lot of good players in the squad, but we have to make sure we can get the best out of them."
"\"If I could get out of the car, I'd be able to go back to work,\" she said."
"I'm not going to say that I don't care what the result is, but I'm not going to say that I'm going to be happy with the result."
"He's a strong guy, he's a good player and he's a good coach, he's a good person, and I think he's going to be a good player for the team."
"\"I don't know what the outcome is going to be, but I'm going to try to be as positive as I can,\" he said."
"\"We are a team that can play the way we want and we have to take advantage of that,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to happen in a year's time,\" he said."
"\"We have to be prepared for the possibility that we may not be able to win,\" he said."
"The same thing happened to me when I was 12- 13 years old, but it was a different story."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very disappointed with the way the game went and I'm disappointed with the way the team was."
"\"I have to say, it's not a surprise that people have been very critical of the government,\" she said."
"\"I was so excited when I saw the images of the beautiful girls, and the way they looked,\" he said."
"It's a tough one, but I think it's the right thing to do because it's a very tough game."
"\"I don't know if it's the best or the worst, but it's something I would like to be involved with,\" he said."
"\"I've been playing cricket since I was five years old and I've always been very good at it,\" he said."
"If you look at the data, the more people are involved in the sport, the more opportunities they have to do it."
"The first time I heard about it was when I was a kid, and I had no idea what it was."
"The world's largest economy has grown by more than 20% in the last five years, according to the World Bank."
"I don't want to be in the position where I have to take a decision, because I'm not going to be the only one."
"\"I was not able to do that because I was so busy with my family, and I was so busy I couldn't do it,\" she said."
"The first two weeks of the year are the best time to buy a house in Scotland because it is the only place where you can buy a home for less than \u00a3 1 million."
"It is not the first time that the President has been caught using the word \"terrorist \"to describe a foreign country."
"The number of people who have died from alcohol- related causes has fallen from 10 million in 2014 to around 4. 5 million in 2015."
"He said: \"I am not sure if the police will be able to get in the house and find out what happened."
"\"It's a very tough game for us, especially at home, so we're not going to let it get to us,\" he said."
"I don't think he'll be able to do that in the next few weeks or months, but I think he's got a chance."
"It is a great way to start your day off, but it is also a great way to end it off."
"\"I am a strong supporter of the idea that the U. S. should be a free country,\" he said."
"The study found that the people who were most affected by the drug were those who were more likely to have a heart attack or stroke."
"\"We've got to be honest, we don't know what we're doing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a really good thing for the players to be able to see the game and see what's going on,\" he said."
"The president- elect's transition team has been working closely with the White House on the transition, according to people familiar with the matter."
"It's the first time the UK has been involved in a major war in the Middle East since the end of the Second World War."
"The decision to give the green light to the expansion of the Rams to the new stadium is a massive one for the club."
"I have been a supporter of the EU since I was a child, and I have been in the EU for a long time."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that people who are diagnosed with type 2 diabetes have a higher risk of dying from heart failure."
"The issue of the potential use of the term \"black money \"has been a topic of debate in recent years."
"The UK's biggest banks have announced plans to cut their workforce by 60, 000 in a bid to boost the country's economy."
"\"I don't know if it was a panic or something, but I just felt like the world was changing,\" he said."
"I know it's going to be a tough game for us, but we're going to have to play better than what we're going to get."
"The government says it wants to build a \"new \"high- speed railway, but critics warn it will be expensive."
"The United States has been bombing Syrian rebels in the fight against President Bashar al- Assad, but the United States is also bombing other rebels in the war."
"\"We are going to have to do a lot of things to try to get the best outcome for the people,\" he said."
"But if the UK votes to leave the EU, the government will be forced to say it will not accept the terms it has agreed with the EU."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a better leader than Hillary Clinton,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1% in after- hours trading on Tuesday, their biggest day since the company posted its first profit in March."
"It is not clear how many people were involved in the attack, but it is thought to be a suicide bombing."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who have been through this process are the ones who have got to be held to account,\" he said."
"The government said it would review the contract to ensure it was fair to all parties and to ensure it was not being used for commercial gain."
"The government's decision to extend the deadline for the application of the new rules to June 30 is a blow to the opposition and a victory for the government."
"The problem is that the EU has been unable to take in enough refugees from the Middle East and Africa to meet its target of 2 million by 2020."
"I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, but I think it's important to get the ball in the box."
"The government is also planning to increase the minimum wage to \u00a3 10, 000 by 2020- a move that will boost the number of people earning up to \u00a3 40, 000."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard and try to improve as much as I can."
"\"I am not going to say anything about this because it's not going to be a good thing,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"It's not like we're going to go out and buy a car and have it go for $ 2, 000."
"In the U. S., the number of people who have been killed by guns in the last year has jumped by more than 50 percent, the study found."
"The company is also considering a move into the market for its new iPhone 7, which is expected to be unveiled in early 2017."
"The most important thing is to keep the conversation going, but don't forget that you have to do it right."
"I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'll just go out there and fight and be ready for the next one."
"\"We're not going to be able to win this game until we win the other two games,\" said the Lions, who have lost four straight games."
"I was a little bit nervous, but I was a bit more nervous then because I didn't know what to expect."
"\"I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not going to let anyone tell me I'm not a good person,\" she said."
"He's a good player but he's got to get his feet wet in the next game."
"\"The key is to get the right balance of risk and reward,\" he said, adding that the company's focus was on getting the right balance of risk and reward."
"\"I'm not sure that it's going to be a long- term solution,\" he said."
"It's a great thing that we're able to get the ball back in and play with confidence."
"\"I am not going to be the guy who says we can't do anything,\" he said, adding that he would not be in favor of a Trump administration."
"I don't think we have a lot of players who can come in and do the things we did last year and do a lot of things we did in the past year."
"\"I don't know if it's a big deal, but I don't think it's a big deal,\" he said."
"I was the first to admit that I was a bit of a burden to the team, but I had to do it anyway."
"The number of deaths has risen by more than half since the start of the year and the number of people dying from cancer has increased by more than half since 2011."
"It's a little bit like having a new car, but with a new engine and a new engine, it's not like a new car."
"I am the only one who can afford to be in the room and I can't be there for the other people,\" he said."
"We are going to be doing a lot more work on that, and we are going to be looking at a lot of different areas of the game."
"\"We're not going to be able to get him out of the country,\" said a source close to the negotiations."
"The report said that the UK's economy grew at a 3. 7 per cent annual rate in the third quarter of 2015."
"\"I'm not saying I don't like the way it's played out, but I've got to understand that,\" he said."
"\"If we're going to do something, we're going to have to be prepared for it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"We've got a lot of games to go and we have to play them all the way through, so it's going to be a tough game."
"The first time I went to the store I was really excited because I'd never heard of it before and I was really excited to get it."
