"\"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this again,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision, which it said was made in line with the company's own internal policies and procedures."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax- free savings accounts to help pay for the cost of the new tax system."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in mid- December."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people in the labour force by half a million from the current 1. 5 million is a major blow to the economy."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine whether it had been properly investigated."
"The government has been criticised for not providing enough information about the number of people who have been killed in the conflict."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in the room are the people who are going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it was not clear if the government would take action."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing the rebels for years, but the U. S. has not been able to strike them."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital for treatment."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the year, according to the UN."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 28, or 2. 5 percent, to $ 6. 21 in afternoon trading."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always had a passion for the game and I'm really excited to be part of this."
"\"We're going to have a very tough time in the next couple of weeks,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last three months, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a deal, but it was not clear if it would be ready to take the case."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next two years, and that it will be able to do so only if it has a \"very good \"approach to the issue."
"The company said it was working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, but that it was not yet ready to release details."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try to do everything I can to help the team win."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out in the autumn."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"she said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 27, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 28. 25 in afternoon trading."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 6. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent in mid- 2014."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's stock rose more than 2 percent in the same period last year."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who would be affected by the changes."
"The report said the government's plan to cut the number of people in care from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million would be \"a disaster \"for the NHS."
"\"We're going to have to make sure we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will cost about $ 1 billion."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 14. 28 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 14. 18."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"to have the new rules adopted and that it would continue to work with the government to improve the system."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to attend the ceremony."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Wednesday, but they rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I'm sure he'll be able to."
"The first thing I want to do is to get the ball in the right place, and I'm not going to do that."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014, but the group has not yet claimed responsibility for the attacks."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted between September and November."
"I think it's a good thing that we're able to get a lot of people to come and see us."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to identify the man, who is believed to be in his 20s."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the dollar index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 11. 29 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has also said it will not allow any new contracts to be signed until the new contract is completed."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" Trump said in a statement."
"I think it's important for us to get the right balance of the game and that's what we're doing."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria since March 2015, but has not carried out airstrikes in Iraq since March 2014."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good squad,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are in the room are the ones who are going to be affected,\" he said."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people who can't afford to buy a home is a \"big mistake,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with the BBC's chief executive warning that it could be a \"very bad idea \"if it is not."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good relationship with the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next four years."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for several months and that it was confident it could get the project off the ground."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of people who are not allowed to work in the country."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff and that it was working with the police to investigate the incident."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 11, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 14."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the first half of this year, and that it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the second half of this year."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the new school until the end of the school year."
"The first thing you do is ask yourself: what is the most important thing that you can do for your family?"
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are responsible for this are the ones who are responsible for the situation,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last quarter and that it had a net loss of $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a discussion about the future of the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demands of the EU, but it is not the only country that has been hit."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria for years, but the group has not been able to carry out attacks in the country."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"she said."
"The government's plan to cut the number of migrants arriving in Greece from around 200, 000 to around 200, 000 is a major blow to the country's economy."
"\"I don't think there's a single person who's not a fan of the show,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I am very grateful for the support of the community and the people of the city."
"\"We have to be careful, because we have to be careful in the first place,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, and will be introduced in the UK as part of the Government's plans to tackle the migration crisis."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index rose 0. 4 percent."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group since 2014, but the group has not been able to launch attacks in Syria."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Tuesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing I would say is that I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a ban on the sale of alcohol in the country, but the ban will be extended to include the sale of alcohol in bars."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything for the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last two years, but had not yet received a formal offer."
"\"I don't want to be the one to say it's going to be easy,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the project, which is expected to cost between $ 1. 5 billion and $ 1. 7 billion."
"\"We have to be careful, because we're going to be in a position where we're going to have to make decisions,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we get the right people in the right places, and that we get the right people in the right places at the right time,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than half since the 1980s, the report said."
"The government has been criticised for its failure to take action to protect the rights of migrants, and for failing to take action to protect the rights of migrants who are already here."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people who can't afford to pay their bills will be a major blow to the economy."
"I'm not sure if I can do it in a way that's going to be able to help me win the game."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a bad person, but I'm going to be a good person,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department about a possible settlement."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but it was not clear if it would be ready to take the case."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but it would not say how much."
"The first time I saw him, I was so excited, I didn't know what to say."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the referendum on the economy and the impact on the economy of the EU referendum."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 11. 17 in morning trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in early trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had been \"very clear \"that the company would not be able to continue operating as it had been for the previous 12 months."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 18. 21 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in a year."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 50, or 0. 4 percent, to $ 17. 14 in afternoon trading."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I'm not going to be a parent if I don't have a child,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get him to stop the infection."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, and the shares of other major banks fell more than 1 percent."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"I can't believe this is happening."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what you're going to do and what you're going to do,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The report said the number of people who were killed in the fire was \"very small \"and that the number of injuries was \"very small \"in the city."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the new school until the next school year, which is due to be in 2018."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a leader, but I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission about the matter."
"The man was taken to a hospital where he was treated for a minor head injury, police said."
"I think it's important to remember that the government has a responsibility to the people of the country, and that's what we're going to do."
"The government has also said it will not seek to impose a \"hard border \"on the EU, which would be a major step towards a deal."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"I think it's important that we get the right people in the right places, and that's what we're going to do."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is being held in a custody facility."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools, which are due to be completed by the end of the year."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new schools, which are due to be completed by 2020."
"The company said it had been \"very clear \"that the company would not be able to continue operating as it had been for the past three years."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which will cost around \u00a3 1. 5 billion."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it would make if I were to be a woman, but I'm not going to change."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has already spent on the project, which is expected to cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm sure it's going to be a lot easier to get the ball in the air."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, and that it would be working with the government on the issue."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to get the new car to market, but it would be \"very difficult \"to get the new car to sell in the US."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year, which is the deadline for the first contract to be awarded."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing to be a black person,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm going to be watching him,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it was \"very pleased \"by the results of the trial."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the pace of the market, which is expected to hit $ 1. 6 billion by the end of 2017."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it had been working with the authorities to ensure the safety of its customers and staff."
"The first thing I want to do is to say thank you to the people of the United States for the support they have given me."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the demand for the new products, which will be made in China."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a nearby hospital."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which is due to be rolled out in 2018."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm happy to be here."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after-"
"The report said the government's plan to cut the number of people in work from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million would be \"a significant blow \"to the economy."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see him and see if he was OK."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 18. 30 in afternoon trading on Thursday, after the company said it was closing in on a $ 1. 5- billion loss."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department, but it had not yet decided whether to pursue criminal charges."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent on Thursday, and the stock is down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which will be completed in 2017."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years, but it was not ready for the new model."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're a country that's not going to be able to survive without the military,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products, including a range of smartphones, in the UK and Ireland."
"The company's shares were down 0. 5 per cent at $ 1. 25 on Thursday, the biggest drop in more than a year."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. had not received any reports of civilian deaths in the conflict."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that without the support of the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but had not yet decided whether to do so."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company reported its second- quarter loss in a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be built in the next two years."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in March."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I think the first thing you have to do is to understand that you're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask the man who had been the victim of the attack to come forward."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell more than 1 percent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child in the first place,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21, while shares of the Australian dollar fell 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in a critical condition and is expected to survive, the police said."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody in a south London police station."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he had any symptoms."
"\"I don't want to say it's a bad thing, but it's a big thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine whether it could file criminal charges against the company."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new vehicles, regardless of the model or model year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital where he remains in a critical condition."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The first thing we do is we try to find out what the other person is doing and then we try to find out what they are doing."
"I think we've got to be really careful about what we say and do, because we're going to be in a position where we're going to be in a position where we're not going to be able to say it."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while its shares fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get him to come back."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to try to make it easier for people to get help."
"The report said the government was \"not prepared \"to take action against the company, which is still in the process of being sold to a Chinese company."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding to meet the demand, which is expected to be in the tens of millions of euros."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand, which is expected to be around $ 1 billion."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good team, and I think it's a good thing to have a good team that can win games,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said it was aware of the incident but did not say what it was."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new buildings, which will be built in the next five years."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the paper and I was so shocked that I didn't even know what it was."
"The first thing we need to do is to make sure that we are not going to be able to do that."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy, which had been a key factor in the decision to leave the EU."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get the same level of support from the people who are supporting us,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government on the issue."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be able to do it all the time,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products in the UK, including a range of phones and computers."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital for treatment and is expected to survive, police said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the quality of its products and that it would be making improvements to its products."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a very bad thing."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 3 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be played in a way that's not just a game of football,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the new school, which will be built in the next two years."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the plant, which it said was \"a significant step \"in the right direction."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 5 percent."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 16 in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to come out and play and be ready for the next game,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who had been affected by the virus in the past year was \"significantly lower \"than the previous year."
"The first time I saw him, he was a little bit nervous, but he was a good kid and he was a good kid in the gym."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being held in a police station."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 11. 21 in afternoon trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The U. S. State Department said it would not comment on the case until the case was reviewed by the U. S. attorney's office in Manhattan."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in early trading on Tuesday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the company could be held responsible."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do the same with the new system."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that without the support of the community,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 18. 50 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next two years."
"The U. S. State Department said it would not comment on the case until the case is reviewed by the U. N. Security Council."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice, the U. S. State Department, the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman in the first place,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was working with the police to investigate."
"The company has been in talks with the government since the start of the year, but has yet to sign a deal."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 2. 9 percent, to $ 1. 25 in afternoon trading."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year, compared with $ 1. 6 billion a year earlier."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is being held in a custody facility."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the team to be able to have a conversation with the manager and see what he's thinking,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who is not in a relationship,\" she said."
"\"I don't know how to explain it, but I'm not going to go out and say I'm sorry,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman in the first place, but I do know that I'm not the only one."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the new contracts, which will be paid for by the government."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it would continue to work with the government on the issue."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child, but I think it's a good thing to have a child with a partner."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding to meet the needs of the families who are affected."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it was working with the police to ensure the safety of its customers and staff."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue and that it would be working with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau to ensure the safety of passengers."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I was going to be taken to the hospital."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to have a little bit of a break,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never really had a problem with it."
"The report said the government's plan to cut the number of migrants entering the country from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million was \"not sustainable \"and would not be implemented."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the results."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of the world's largest bank rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The government's new plan to tackle the problem will be announced in the autumn budget, which is due to be published on Monday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company announced it would cut its workforce."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors and had a $ 1. 5 billion cash flow from operations."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it for a while, but I'm going to be able to do it for a while,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its employees were protected."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment in the company's stock."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people in work by one million from the current 1. 3 million is a major blow to the economy."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2017, but will not be in force until 2018."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for several months and was working with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau to ensure the safety of its passengers."
"\"I'm not sure what the point of the game is, but I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will be introduced in the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me and see what I was doing."
"The company said it had been \"very disappointed \"by the decision to close the plant, which had been operating for more than a decade."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 11. 60 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 2 per cent in early trading."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to foreign investors, but it has not ruled out the possibility of selling it."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the land, which is about 1, 500 square metres."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I had a heart attack and I needed to be taken to hospital."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell the world that I'm not going to be running for president."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but was not yet ready to announce any plans."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child in the first place,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was \"deeply concerned \"about the incident and that it would review the situation."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 2. 9 percent, to $ 18. 30 on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a perfect storm, but it's going to be a very good storm,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a controlled substance."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other agencies to determine how to respond."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year, but had not yet decided whether to pursue a legal action."
"\"I don't know if I'll be able to do it, but I'm going to try,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The man was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for minor injuries, but was later released."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful in what we say and what we say about the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 14, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, and the company said it would be ready to take action."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 1. 18."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always been a big fan of the idea of the club."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 17 in the same period last year."
"I think it's important that we get the right people in the right places, and that we get the right people in the right places at the right time."
"I think it's a shame that he's not playing, because he's a good player and he's a good player."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but it is not clear when they will be implemented."
"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in the business are not going to be able to see it."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading on Tuesday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 17. 21 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager."
"\"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm going to try to do it,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who were diagnosed with cancer in the past year rose by 1. 2 per cent."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do it in the future."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" she said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it in the next few months,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Wednesday, but they were down 2. 5 percent in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the middle of the pack,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the money, which is expected to be paid out in cash."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of confidence in your own ability,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital."
"\"I don't know what the hell I'm going to do next, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the group, which has been accused of targeting women and children."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book, which I had been reading for a year and a half."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in a position where you're not going to be able to do anything."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 6 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next few years."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of State on a settlement."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in England and Wales, and will be introduced in Scotland and Northern Ireland."
"The company said it was working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it was not responsible for the safety of its employees."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"service to customers who had not yet made a payment."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for years, but it has not been able to strike the group's headquarters in Syria."
"The U. S. State Department said it had not yet received any reports of any deaths in the attack."
"The new rules, which were introduced last year, will apply to all new vehicles, including those that have been in service for more than two years."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with demand for the new products, which will be available in stores in the UK, Ireland and Australia."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the players to know that they are not alone,\" he said."
"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the future of the NHS and the future of the NHS in England."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that, we are not going to be able to do that in the future,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a cap on the number of migrants who can be admitted to the country."
"I don't think it's a bad thing for the club to be involved in that, but I don't think it's a bad thing for the players to be involved in that."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would review the case and would not comment further."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try to keep it in my head,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK, and he was."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but was not yet ready to announce a decision."
"The report said the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease had increased by more than 50 per cent over the past five years."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the new rules."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play for the team, I'm not going to be able to play for the club,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a million since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next two years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 4 per cent to close at $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The report said that the number of people who had been arrested for offences such as theft and drug possession had increased by more than 50 per cent."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the issue, but it had not yet decided on a date."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in March, the health ministry said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 46, or 2. 9 percent, to $ 3. 18 in afternoon trading."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 14, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 14."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in charge of the next president are going to be people who are going to be in charge of the economy,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 28, or 0. 9 percent, to $ 18. 28 in afternoon trading."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a guy who's been in the game for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to get a little bit more attention,\" he said."
"The first lady, who is also a former secretary of state, has said she would like to see a \"more open \"Brexit."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I'm not going to change the way I look,\" she said."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from the police, and I was told that they were going to take me to hospital."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last two years, with $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the first quarter of this year."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you're not going to be in a position where you're not going to be able to do that."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks and will be introduced in the UK as part of the Government's plans to tackle the problem of child abuse."
"The U. S. State Department said it was working with the Iraqi government to find a solution to the problem."
"\"We're going to be able to do a lot of things with the ball and we're going to be able to do a lot of things with the ball,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 16, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, will be introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, which claimed the lives of 130 people."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 1. 17 on Tuesday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 17."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be played in a way that's not just about the game,\" he said."
"The first time I went to the hospital, I was so scared I didn't know what was going to happen."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent on Tuesday, their biggest day since the company announced the deal."
"\"I think it's important for the players to be able to say what they want to say and not be afraid to say it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital where he is in a stable condition."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which will cost \u00a3 1. 5 million."
"The government has been accused of failing to protect the rights of the victims of abuse, and has been accused of failing to protect the rights of victims of sexual abuse."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a baby, but I think it's a bad thing to have a baby in a situation where you're not going to be able to care for it."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a little bit of a break,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people using the service."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"I don't know what you're talking about."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies to determine the cause of the crash."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to impose a tax on the sale of alcohol in the country."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a child who is not in the same boat as you,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in early trading."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, because we don't want to be seen as a party that's not going to be able to do what we want to do,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't know if it's a bad thing or not, but I don't know if it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who were able to access the service was down from the previous quarter, when the number of people using the service was up to 80 per cent."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2016 and will be introduced in the autumn of 2017."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company has been in talks with the government since last year, but it has not yet agreed a contract with the government."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's going to be based on the facts,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 14. 21 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their lowest level since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new roads, which will be built in the next two years."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a policy that's not based on science,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government since the UK voted to leave the EU, and is expected to announce a new deal in the next few weeks."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to find a replacement for the iPhone 6, but that it would be able to offer a replacement for the device."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the announcement, adding that it had been working with the government to ensure the legislation was implemented."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 14, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The government's response has been to say that it will not be able to provide the necessary support for the new contract."
"The company said it would be \"very hard \"to keep up with demand for its products, which are made in China."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by about half."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good team, and I think it's a good thing to have a good team that's going to be able to win games,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 3. 6 percent, to $ 17. 60 on Wednesday."
"The man was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries, but was later released."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital where he is in a stable condition."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a child, but I do think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year, and $ 1. 6 billion in the first half of this year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 14. 21 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has been doing a poor job of keeping up with the pace of the market,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're still in this business, because we've got a lot of good players,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money unless it is paid back in full."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the reaction,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but they were down 0. 3 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in the business know what they're doing,\" he said."
"The government is also seeking to boost the number of people who can apply for benefits through the system, which is open to all."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 14, the highest level since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government and other organisations to help them achieve their goals."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 11. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would close its doors."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be delivered in the next few years."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of community and a sense of community that is going to help you to be successful,\" he said."
"\"I think the first thing that comes to mind is that I'm going to be a very good coach,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its customers were protected."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do it in the same way,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say that we're not going to be doing this,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy, and the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"I think it's important for us to be able to play the way we've played in the past and not be afraid to play the way we've played in the past."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and were down 1 percent on the day before."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 2. 9 percent, to $ 28. 25 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child, but it's not a good thing to have a child in the first place,\" she said."
"The new rules will apply to all employees, not just those who work in the retail industry."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"vote on the issue, but has not yet decided how to respond to the petition."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 in afternoon trading on Wednesday."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be a part of this."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a leader, but I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide a guarantee that it would not be able to take action against the group."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 20, while shares of the UK's biggest bank rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its customers are protected."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for me, but I'm going to be a good player,\" he said."
"The government is also considering a bill that would allow the government to charge a fee for the use of a mobile phone."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Friday, but fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for a year and was working with the authorities on the matter."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its staff."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The report said that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50% since the outbreak began."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to address the issue."
"I think we have to be very careful about what we say, because we don't want to be seen as saying anything."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 3 per cent at $ 1. 28."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 10 percent in the past week."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which are due to be delivered in 2018."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 3. 9 percent, to $ 6. 28 on Monday, the biggest gain since the company's first- quarter earnings report."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good squad and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but the government has also said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending $ 1. 5 billion a year on defence."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is now being used as a training facility for military personnel."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has risen by more than a third in the past decade, the study found."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 17. 28 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me and I was so happy to do that."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I had a heart attack."
"The new rules are part of a larger effort to combat the spread of fake news, which has become a major source of online hate speech."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products in the UK, including a range of phones, computers and other products."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I don't want to be the one who says, \"You know what, I'm going to be the one who says, \"You know what?"
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but it has yet to receive a response from the government."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some MPs saying it was too late to do anything about the problem."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they can be part of the solution,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're doing in the future,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased from 1. 5 million in 2011 to 2. 5 million in 2015."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it would continue to invest in the UK."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him, I was like, \"What the hell is going on?\"but he's just a really nice guy."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book, and then you can go and buy it."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come over and see me, and she did."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which is expected to cost about $ 1. 5 billion."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Syria since 2014, and the U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq since 2014."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 14. 28 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 5. 60 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent in mid- December."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 500 workers."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because of the fact that I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue of a new contract for the next two years."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but had not yet decided on a date for the deal."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain in a year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but that it would not be able to provide any details."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing I did was to ask the guys to come up and talk about it, and I think that was really good."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 28 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the risks of the new law, which could lead to a rise in the number of people with mental health problems."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff and that it was working to ensure the safety of its customers and staff."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the EU."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Google Inc. com were down 1. 1 percent and 1. 1 percent, respectively."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"The U. S. has been bombing the rebels in Aleppo since March 2015, when the U. S.- led coalition began bombing the city."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce by half."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools unless the new schools are built in the same way as the existing ones."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell the world that I'm not going to be president."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife if she was OK, and she said she was fine."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria for years, but the group has never claimed responsibility for the attacks."
"The government has said it will not allow any new contracts to be signed until the new contract is completed."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we are doing everything we can to help the people who are affected by this."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The first thing I would do is to tell them that I am not going to be doing this for them."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 17. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this again,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"new \"Brexit."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new rules, which will be introduced in April."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure you are not going to be in a position where you have to go to work."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but the government had not yet decided on a date for the hearing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm going to be in a lot of different places,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its customers were protected."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the first one to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 28 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of community and a sense of community that you can't have in a country like this,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year to build a new headquarters in the city, but has yet to receive a response."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new contract on the company, which is already in talks with the European Commission."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property but was not yet ready to sell it."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the operation, which is expected to cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come and see me, and they did, and I was so happy."
"The government has said it will not allow any new contracts to be signed until the new contract is completed."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him was when I was a kid, and he was a big part of my life."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my son, who was in a critical condition."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a guy who's been in the game for a long time, but I think it's a good idea."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The report said the government's plan to increase the number of asylum seekers in the country from around 1. 5 million to 2. 5 million was \"not sustainable \"and could lead to a \"significant \"drop in the number of asylum seekers"
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 17. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 3 per cent at $ 17. 18."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began, the charity said."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the first quarter, compared with $ 1. 6 billion a year earlier."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was very surprised by the response,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but has not yet been able to secure a deal."
"\"I think it's a shame that we didn't get the chance to play the game that we wanted to play,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for me,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent on Tuesday."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and that it had agreed to pay the $ 1. 3 billion in compensation."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for a year and was working with the authorities on the issue again."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to know that we are not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's first- quarter earnings report in November."
"\"We have a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time and they have all been very happy with the outcome,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the operation, which will cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after-"
"\"I think it's important to remember that the government has a responsibility to ensure that the people of Scotland have access to the best possible education,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while its shares fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and would be \"fully engaged \"in the process."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new roads, which will be funded by the EU."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next three years because it is too expensive."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Google Inc."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 17. 28 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 2 per cent at $ 17. 28."
"The U. S. State Department said on Friday that it was investigating the incident and that the U. S. government would provide additional information."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for me, but I'm going to be a very happy person,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in March."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 16, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 2 per cent at $ 1. 17."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products to customers in the UK, including a range of smartphones, computers and other products."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including a group of Chinese investors, and was working with the U. S. Department of Justice."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in"
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, but fell 1. 3 percent in after- hours trading."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, and that it was working with the government to ensure the rights of its employees were protected."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a deal to build a new factory in the city."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of checks and balances to ensure that people are not left behind."
"The U. S. has been bombing the rebels since the start of the Syrian civil war, but has not been able to win the war."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Democrat, but I'm going to be a Republican,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next two years."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the year."
"\"We are going to be able to do that in a very short period of time,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 16, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new school, which is due to open in 2017."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to increase the number of people who could be affected by the changes."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in the White House are going to be people who are going to be able to help us,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be affected by this are not the ones who are going to be affected by the changes,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the referendum on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the NHS."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after-"
"The first thing I want to do is to get the ball out of my hands and get the ball out of my hands and get the ball out of my hands and get the ball out of my hands and get the ball out of my hands"
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities until the new contract is completed."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 500 workers."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent since the outbreak began in March."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out in the autumn."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a leader, but I'm not going to be a leader if I don't get the nomination,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was going on."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who would be affected by the new rules."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we're not going to be in a position where we're not going to be able to do that."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the plant, which had been operating for more than a decade."
"The report said that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 50% since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that we've got to be able to play the game in a way that we can,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the new rules."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club and the players to be able to say what they want to say,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come and see me, and they did, and then I went to the police station."
"The company has been in talks with the government for a year and a half, but has not yet been able to secure a deal."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about that because we're going to be able to do it."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money, and that it will not be able to pay for the legal fees."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're going to do about it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but it was not clear if the agreement would be approved by the U. S. Supreme Court."
"\"We have to make sure that we have a plan in place to make sure that we don't get caught up in the political process,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 30."
"\"I think we have to be very careful about what we say and what we say to our fans,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services."
"The first thing you do when you're in a relationship is to make sure you're not going to be the one to blame."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its products and that it would be making changes to its products."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 3. 9 percent, to $ 1. 21 in afternoon trading."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've been a part of the business for a long time, and I've been a part of the business for a long time, and I've been a part of the business"
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 15, while shares of Apple Inc. com, which has been trading at $ 1. 14, fell 1. 1 per cent."
"The company has been in talks with the government since last year, but has yet to sign a contract for the project."
"The government has been trying to get the UK to leave the EU for a long time, but it has been unable to get the UK to leave the EU."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is expected to cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"The report said the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease in the past year had increased by more than half."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for years, but the group has been able to build a base in Syria."
"\"I think we're going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the press,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and had been in discussions with the Australian Federal Police, the Australian Federal Police Service and the Australian Transport Safety Bureau."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last three months, and that it was investing $ 1. 5 billion in the next two years."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get the same level of support from the public,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue of the future of the site, but no decision had been made."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce by half."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next two years, and that it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we have a good manager,\" he said."
"The government is also considering a plan to increase the number of police officers in the country, which would be a significant boost to the police force."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services to determine the cause of the crash."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of me being a mother."
"The new rules, which will apply to all EU citizens, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services in the UK, including in the UK, the US and Europe."
"The new rules, which were introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, are aimed at preventing people from travelling to the UK from the Middle East."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from my mum, who was in the hospital and I was told I was going to be taken to hospital."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 1. 17 in afternoon trading."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for several months and that it was confident it would be completed by the end of the year."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"This is amazing."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next five years."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 10 percent."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in the past year has fallen by more than half compared with the same time last year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 11. 25 in afternoon trading on Thursday, its biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested at the scene and taken to the Royal Perth Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to be a very good player for the next two years."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services for the new model, which will be launched in the UK in 2017."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who would be affected by the changes."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money to pay for the new schools, which are due to open in 2017."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and that it was considering the proposal."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Google Inc."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to determine the cause of the crash and that it would be appealing for witnesses to come forward."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next few years."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me, and I was really happy."
"The first thing you do when you're in a relationship is to ask yourself, \"What am I going to do with my life?\"and then you can't help but think about what you're going to do with it."
"The government has been criticised for failing to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is due to be completed in 2017."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 0. 9 percent, to $ 30. 28 in afternoon trading."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The U. S. has said it will not participate in the talks, which are expected to be held in Geneva later this month."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21 in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for several months and was confident it could be completed in time for the Christmas holidays."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, because we don't want to be seen as a party that's going to be in a position to say what we want to say,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was in talks with the European Commission for a further two years."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a good leader, but I'm going to be a good leader,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its employees were protected."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, but it was not clear how many people were affected."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to foreign investors, but the government has also said it will not allow any foreign investors to buy the property."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of people who are not allowed to leave the country."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make it easier for people to buy and sell their homes."
"\"We have to be very careful, because we are going to have to be very careful about what we say,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 in afternoon trading on Thursday, the biggest gain in a year."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're doing in the world,\" he said."
"The report said the government had made progress in the fight against corruption but it was still not clear how much progress was being made."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 15, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 1. 17."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to establish the cause of the crash and was working with the police to identify the driver."
"The first time I was in the room, I was like, \"I don't know what's going on."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but had not yet decided whether to pursue the case."
"\"I think it's a very good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I do know that it's a good idea,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the operation, which is expected to cost around \u00a3 1. 5 million."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The government is also planning to introduce a new law that would allow people to be fined for using the internet without their knowledge."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it would continue to work with the government to improve the safety of its customers."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we have a good team, and we're going to be able to win games,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new deal, but it was not clear if the new deal would be approved."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of your life,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in mid- December."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has already said it will not be changing its business model."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new planes, which will be delivered in the next few months."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be played in a way that's not just about the game,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of 1. 6 million people by 2020."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"\"I think it's important for the club to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay the bill, and it has said it will not be able to pay the amount due to the European Commission."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be delivered in 2017."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 16 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to secure the deal."
"I think it's important for the players to be able to see the game from the outside and to be able to see the game from the inside."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new or existing members of the club, regardless of their membership status."
"\"It's a very important thing to do, and I think it's a very important thing to do in the United States,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the growth in the number of people who are eligible for free school meals."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that in the short term,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a guy who's not a professional athlete,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new contract on the industry, but it is not clear how much the new contract will cost."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come over and see me, and she did."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014, but the group has not been able to strike the U. S. in Afghanistan."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention as we should,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do this,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"This is the first time I've read it."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager and a good squad,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how to describe it, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is now in custody."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission about a possible settlement."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 21 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18 in morning trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Thursday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17, the biggest gain in the company's history."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors in the last two years, but it had not yet secured a deal."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index gained more than 1 percent."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 11. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"I think it's a shame that we're not playing better and we're not playing better in the last two games."
"The first thing I would do is to make sure that I was doing everything I could to help the team win."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2016, so it's a good time to get your hands on them."
"The first thing I did was to go to a friend's house and ask him to come to my house."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products, including a range of phones, in the UK, and in the US."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 45, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 1. 25 in afternoon trading."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 17, or 3. 6 percent, to $ 17. 46 in afternoon trading."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to monitor the situation."
"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in charge of the NHS are going to be people who are going to be in charge of the NHS."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 percent to $ 14. 30 on Wednesday, its best day since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce by half."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a policy that's not going to work,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a new contract for a year, but was not yet clear on the terms of the contract."
"The company's stock rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in revenue in the first half of this year, and that it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in the second half."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17, after a disappointing quarter."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system until the new system is fully implemented."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try to be a good dad,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year, which is expected to be in early 2017."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new roads, which will be funded by the private sector."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 5. 21, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Facebook Inc. com were down 1. 5 per cent."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of a Trump presidency."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group since 2014, but the group has not been able to launch any major attacks in the country."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and would be looking at the matter further."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to get a lot of people to come in and play,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the first one to go to the moon,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died in the past year has risen by more than half, to 2. 6 million, the government said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with the opposition saying it was too slow."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 5 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the start of the year."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but will be introduced in the autumn of 2016, so the new rules will be introduced in 2017."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to be ready to go,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"I don't know what this is."
"\"I think it's important to have a good conversation with the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it would continue to work with the government to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new trains, which will be delivered in the next few years."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a leader, but I'm not going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 17. 30 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 16 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 3 per cent in early trading."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Syria since 2014, but the group has not been able to launch a major offensive in Iraq since the U. S.- led coalition began bombing the group in 2014."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017 and will be introduced in the autumn of 2018."
"The first thing I want to do is to say thank you for the support you've given me over the years."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and charged with possession of a weapon."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 17. 65 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong team and a strong team is what we're trying to do,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The first thing you do when you're in a relationship is to make sure you're not going to be in a relationship for too long."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the cost of the new schools, which are due to be completed in 2017."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 20 per cent since the outbreak began."
"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention as we should be."
"The U. S. has been trying to get the Russians to stop the flow of weapons to Syria, but the Russians have refused."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get the same level of attention from the media,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard \"Brexit on the UK, but it is unlikely to be able to do so without a vote in the House of Commons."
"\"I don't know if I could have done it without him, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out in the next few years."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 6. 18, while shares of the Australian dollar fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has already spent on the project, which is expected to cost $ 2. 5 billion."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria since the group began its offensive in the country last year."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a good leader,\" he said, adding that he would not be a leader if he didn't have a plan."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue and that it would be working with the European Commission on the matter."
"The new rules are designed to help ensure that the best way to deal with the issue of child abuse is to have a proper debate."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the lack of affordable housing in the city, which has been a key focus of the campaign."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but that it had not yet decided whether to take action."
"\"I don't know how many people will be able to get into the stadium,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for the players to be able to play in the Premier League and I think it's important for the club to be able to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I do know that it's a good idea to have a child,\" she said."
"The company has been in discussions with the government for a number of years, but it has not yet been able to secure a licence."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out in the autumn."
"The government's announcement came as the UK's largest economy continued to struggle with the impact of Brexit."
"The U. S. State Department said on Thursday that it had received a request from the Syrian government to provide aid to the rebels."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demands of the EU, but it is not clear how much it will be able to pay."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent since the outbreak began."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, its biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares fell more than 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares fell more than 6 per cent"
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you're not going to be in a position where you're going to be in a position where you're not going to be able to do anything."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the demand for the new contract, which will be paid for by the government."
"\"We're going to be a team that can win games and we're going to be a team that can win games and we're going to be a team that can win games,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 6. 21 on Tuesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 30 on Thursday, the biggest gain in a year."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new contract, which will be paid for by the government."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 30 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in early trading."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Monday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 17 in the third quarter ended June 30."
"The company said it had been working on the project for more than a year, and it was ready to move forward with the project."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government's announcement that it will not be able to provide a free pass to migrants is a blow to the government's efforts to tackle the problem."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the incident and that it was working with the authorities."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I am very sorry for what happened and I am sorry for the loss of my son."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be delivered in the next few years."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 per cent in the past year, and it is now down more than 20 per cent in the past 12 months."
"\"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are in the middle of this are not the ones who are going to be affected,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new equipment, which will be used in the next five years."
"The first thing I did was to ask the man to come over and see me, and he did, and I was so happy."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria since 2014, but the group has not yet claimed responsibility for the attacks."
"The government's plan to build a new railway line to the south of the city would cost $ 1. 5 billion, according to the report."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who is not in the same boat as you,\" she said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company is not expected to make any changes to the existing rules."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're in the business of making sure that people are able to access the information that they need,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is being held in a custody facility."
"The company said it had been working on the project for two years and was confident it would be completed by the end of the year."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 3. 4 percent, to $ 30. 18 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a contract for the project for more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in mid- December."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, and the government has also been criticised for failing to take action on the issue of the death penalty."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in a serious condition and is expected to survive, police said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for a year and a half and that it would be ready to take over the role."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the first half of 2017."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 18. 50 on Thursday."
"\"I'm not going to say that it's going to be a perfect storm, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and was working with the government to find a solution."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains until the new year, which is due to be in 2018."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm excited to be back,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife, who was in a very bad state."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be a good thing,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not a man."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to say that it is committed to the idea that the EU can't be a force for good."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay the bill until the end of the year, but it is expected to be paid by the end of the year."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman in the first place,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about that,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be a part of the next president."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 50 per cent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 17. 25 in afternoon trading."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 14 on Tuesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its products and that it had been in contact with the authorities."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to get the new model to market, but it would be a \"significant \"amount of money."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of a \"Star Wars \"movie."
"The new rules will apply to all new members of the club, regardless of their age, and will be introduced in the coming weeks."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, which it said would help boost the company's bottom line."
"The man was taken to a local hospital where he is in a stable condition, but is expected to survive."
"\"It's a very good thing that we're in this situation, but it's not the only thing that's going to happen,\" he said."
"The man was taken to a local hospital and is in a stable condition, police said."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from my mother, who was in the hospital with a serious injury."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a \"full accounting \"of the cost of the project, which will be completed by the end of 2017."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has already said it will not be taking any action until the new rules are in place."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would appeal the decision, but it is not expected to take effect until the end of the year."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent on Thursday after the company announced it was closing a $ 1 billion loss."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he had any symptoms."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will be delivered in the first half of 2017."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the new rules."
"The government has also said it will not be able to pay the cost of the new school until the new year."
