"As for the strength of the euro, it looks like we have gone on an extended run- low for many reasons and at a relatively modest cost."
"I have the money to take care of him for as long as I want but until he starts getting his, you can't fix the players."
"Still, Williams said, the American kids need it- right now- and the danger is that kids under eight can be too young and too old."
"Two- thirds of the people who don't see me, actually visit me in a doctor's office."
"With his path of both forward and back out there, it was an easy night to come in as the Rams wanted to play with the ball."
"It was once thought by many that the women would only attend her program if they were coming from her personal experience."
"At every stage in his career he learned the importance of family and having family ties... he also gained the respect and conviction he needed."
"More than 200, 000 people could be left without access to early access to hospital care due to the huge gap in treatment across Europe."
"He was an important part of that and he was there to test him and play through to the next day."
"The woman says she is innocent but insists it should not matter how she is beaten or whether she is able to afford a home."
"Our current membership represents about 40 per cent of the whole Catholic population in the UK but not all of them, and we are working together on our programme to prevent that from happening again."
"\"This is a season we live in and each time we get up we don't let them do it,\" he said."
"It doesn't mean anything, no matter how small or loud it is, the tone changes at night, if you're tired or you can't see someone, at any moment, for example."
"In what they've been calling a measure of their love and their respect for what is happening in their lives, they're still very much on edge."
"One man from the town refused to move and ordered his family to move him in to their new home, local media reported."
"For many, there's the traditional cast system as played by men rather than women, and the collective effect of men's roles."
"Russia, it says, will \"do whatever it takes \"to help the Syrian army to fight alongside Syrian opposition forces."
"The latest price decline is unlikely to prevent larger stock movements on Wall Street, but investors will be forced to focus on the prospect of lost stock."
"A presidential candidate making \"long trips abroad,\" for example, would have to make at least seven stops of his own."
"It was a very good game and you can't forget the result and feel proud and confident for having won it so often."
"There is a sense among supporters that it's at the end of the day and we have to stay in first."
"Clinton's win in the next contest, Massachusetts, could be the difference in the race between her and Trump."
"Many also talked about their own experiences, which helped them decide whether to stay or leave the country."
"A. G. P. star Oscar Daniel wrote on Twitter, \"it means more to me and I appreciate him."
"The fact that we got a copy last week was fantastic but the first thing I said to all of the guys was'I don't like what you're doing."
"According to German military statistics, in 2015, in the first quarter of the year, 39. 4 million euros (US $ 38. 65 million) of the total foreign currency was used by a small number of people."
"I've had six big league starts in the last few weeks, so hopefully I'll be ready."
"But we haven't seen anything until now, and there's a little bit of uncertainty about what's going to happen."
"I'm not sure I've had the opportunity to make the documentary as many times as I want to do, so I'll just focus on what I can and at the very least focus on my job and in politics."
"Yet they don't hide anything-- the fact of their death is still not known, because they never said anything."
"But in the last two years she really struggled, she's always struggled. I think I do what she says and I love what she's saying but I did not."
"Last year, North Carolina voters will be able to decide on the Republican nominee on November 8- so that's a few months away."
"\"He was taking me out and helping me to catch passes because I wasn't quite up as quick,\" Kelly says."
"More than 60 of these cases are fatal, and a new annual report says that nearly three- quarters of all cases last year were not identified because of the delay in reporting."
"It is the third attack on Chinese troops since the North Korean government announced earlier this week that they were cutting off communications with the US, the country's main ally."
"The museum does not allow women to join them, but it did, because many refused to go, I was told."
"The AFL is looking to auction off one of its players to save a cool 50 per cent on the cost of a career change."
"We have said no more than four times since the fact that he was on the pitch but nothing is happening."
"He had less \"public respect \"than would be expected- someone that has become his boss, Mr Andrews, and has taken the role."
"In what could be one of the world's worst- run civil rights programs, California has grown itself to more than a billion people."
"I think it's as important and important to have the true English football experience and training being developed and built and that you start at the highest level by picking up experience at the highest level."
"Police, following the sale, say the property was bought for \u00a3 100 million, but many of its owners thought they had the right to build something bigger."
"In Florida, where he's represented for two years, he lost his bid for the Republican nomination last month."
"It comes with no mention of Mr Trump's millions of followers or his firm's ties to the real estate developer."
"He had been charged with driving without a licence and violent driving for an accident in July 2014."
"The park is not a big international destination, but given the location and how many tourists pass through, I feel for the people who want to see it."
"But his efforts have come under scrutiny over a poll which showed he had just over half of the vote overall."
"A: I also think an incredible experience in winning a Super Bowl is that I played with great power."
"We really don't like to put it in words, but I try to turn the tone on, not like, the books are good but they're not,\" he said."
"We don't have to agree at all because the official position is the right one and that's how I'm comfortable."
"He died in a hospital surrounded by family, friends, and his parents, two brothers and a sister who had been in hospital for treatment."
"The rain means that for the time being, the roads outside L. A. are the main lines for traffic, but it could be changed to a different car."
"\"I don't really mind, I think he wants to do something with the ball a little bit,\" said Williams."
"If I'm doing something like that and everybody is feeling the love, I'm going to put my hands up, try to bring everyone and have all that stuff up together."
"\"He's a great player and he's one that I look up to a lot and he'll be disappointed to lose, but he'll come back to his own team,\" he said."
"Our job as people is to see these needs, and make sure that our whole society can address them."
"A typical European family would spend their lives working, school, getting a job, spending money, all for an early retirement."
"Yet despite the scale of the task, which required a total of more than 1, 200 people, audiences were still being re- created."
"On the positive side, my home life, I had plenty of friends and family all around the world ; my family was there too."
"He said the video had been posted to a popular user's channel and that it did not give the location of the car."
"In addition to treating symptoms associated with post- brain damage, it also allows patients to try a drug they're already taking."
"That shift means they can spend the evening outside, when they are most excited about free space, more on their routine and less so about their sleep and eating patterns."
"I think so many people are aware of him personally, so it's nice to be able to respect him a little bit and just all the other owners."
"I had the dream of being a runner, and we have got to do all that and still have a chance to win it."
"In the last year, roughly eight out of 10 of those removed have stayed, according to a report from the South African Police Association."
"However, he said the vast majority of road users have an \"in fact issue \"about the safety of their vehicles."
"They made three trips out of Los Angeles in the sixth innings in a defeat against the San Francisco Giants on Monday."
"In the final 16 months of 2016, he ranked fifth in all 32 first- round draft games, third in pass attempts, sixth in scoring and fourth in rushing touchdowns and rushing yards."
"An average of 25, 000 homes were damaged and two houses were found lost, officials said."
"'I still can't see a way, but I'm certain it's the difference between someone who does not want children and somebody who says no to kids,' he told BBC News."
"\"You were angry with them- you did not want to be the guy who got in a fight with the coach,\" he said."
"If he does, he will be just as crazy as I am to write a TV show about him, or even a movie about him."
"A witness said she spoke with the driver, who didn't appear to have any injuries but was still standing when police arrived."
"Of course he got caught up in the dog terms of the agreement that we're going to place on... it's a deal done for this particular period."
"The best possible trial, which could take six months to build, could last up to four years."
"The Prime Minister gave a strong welcome by announcing that, although the housing crisis will last, we are here for the future."
"He added:'The boy will remain with his mum and dad as well as his sister who will soon be together with their younger brother."
"In previous years, he served as ambassador and secretary of state for trade and other trade matters for various European nations, including the U. S., the U. K., Ireland, Canada and the U. S. He has also run some"
"Although the overall weight of the North Sea economy is up, the UK remains limited by its own size and population."
"The court heard she never signed up to pay or used her mobile phone to record the lengthy proceedings."
"\"A lot of guys that play for me now, they've got the look that I have now,\" he said."
"The bank went on to call for an increased executive- rate of around 1 per cent- meaning everyone within a five- year period could be in a savings account for \u00a3 50 a month."
"\"That's what I want to remember: What I didn't know about myself until now,\" Obama said on ABC's \"This Week \"on Wednesday."
"It had failed at a price- range of around \u00a3 500, 000 to $ 1 million, so researchers were forced to reduce their yield."
"The Kremlin is under international pressure to recognise Moscow's campaign of propaganda against the opposition for several reasons, including that Russian forces have repeatedly used it to send anti- government messages online."
"I've been in charge of the end of a two- term relationship for eight years now and I cannot imagine any of my colleagues, nor any woman, would feel comfortable with that."
"\"I think just this week and the loss yesterday to a defending champion was an off day for me,\" Ryan said."
"It was a little off the mark for me to last night... it was just that I've been doing it for a while."
"I am not going to tell you what he does in a football game, I am not going to tell you what he does at home."
"The latest figures released by London and the north of England suggest the number of desperate deaths at the bottom of the social service has reached a peak of more than six."
"The prime minister said: \"We want to encourage all manufacturers to have the tools they need to get more orders from our customers."
"'It's been very simple to show how many members of staff are there because we have done this before."
"She said: \"When I came across this media piece I immediately stopped and asked to speak to her."
"It's only available to families of all ages- between 12- 18- so parents may want to bring their own."
"'The main thing I want to do now is to get rid of the old players, to see them quit in the Championship."
"I could probably do a lot worse in games in general, and we lost to a league I didn't really know."
"Now we know that was a poor judgment, and I feel I must speak up on this before, because we've learned the lessons here and the voters have to learn from it."
"Mr. Rubio has not yet been out of the spotlight because of the dramatic position he occupied during his Senate campaign."
"The hit girl who has had her heart broken isn't the one who was looking after her \u00a3 80, 000- a- year pension."
"I've never seen him feel so proud about his party, but it's important that when you're running for office you reflect on what you've done to achieve your own ends."
"As if it weren't already clear, Wednesday's Super Bowl loss against the Giants is the greatest Super Bowl of the season for the NFL."
"The rules allow the Premier League clubs to remain at least level playing field on the pitch, even if they own the club."
"But the business minister says the prospect of employment at the steel giant is a \"legitimate \"four- year option and that the offer will be published shortly."
"It was like when you're feeling it, then you realize how it is, then it's fine, because it's just routine."
"But it is unclear if the pair are still locked up for more than four months while the investigation is conducted."
"He decided to give the event, where his parents will accept millions for a trip to the Australian city that will be most closely watched by The Times."
"The figures came in at 2. 3 percent growth in the second quarter, which is down from a rise of 2. 7 percent earlier in the year."
"One thing I find hard to say is that his immediate success over the past few years is only beginning to take its toll."
"It's vital that it is more established, and that if that's not the case, then let's give the people in the state direct control."
"I haven't been afraid of anything, it's just been an unexpected challenge for me, and one I've had to cope with and try to prepare for."
"The report, released at the end of November, said the police officials were not allowed to travel outside their duties despite conditions in place which require a driver to complete a controlled smoking regime."
"Police on Tuesday accused a pregnant woman of having an affair and failing to protect her from the accused while she was in the ambulance."
"'Even though we're here today, it's been less than six months since the last woman's death,' she added."
"I had a drug- packed week so I was lucky to get a good appointment at the clinic around 4 a. m. and did them within an hour, and then I found out."
"It's like a hard- earned bone, and with a price, you're in an entirely different world."
"\"When I was a kid I just stayed away from politics, that was my world,\" he said."
"It's such a massive energy- sector responsibility, the good news is that in this market it's being provided by Russian gas companies."
"A close reading of the evidence would show that the Fed can help bring inflation, wages and price stability up significantly in December, and bear its weight in the next 10 months."
"And this week, Erdogan was deeply worried about another act of terrorism in the city, which authorities seized in a last- minute raid."
"The route and money he was using through that tournament run-- $ 10 million in the summer of 2013-- has gone to free agents."
"\"For people who feel I'm lying to them, let me give you a specific example- you've got to turn over the phone,\" he said."
"Now if only we could have kept a kid in the early days, he's kind of a pro."
"In this sense, political leaders from the US to India are already connected, so China's performance suggests that the US may eventually benefit from China's leadership."
"No fewer than four to five people died from the virus in the United States in 2014, according to the agency."
"Our focus is on getting back on the job and a clear win here on Monday or Tuesday so we're in good shape."
"You look back over those years and it's amazing to see the guys have so much energy and determination."
"Mr Osborne will be looking to boost the powers of ministers in Mr Osborne's post- referendum future, the Chancellor has said."
"I was in a studio working with him for a few weeks before he came to me, I told him I was in town, he said it wouldn't be the same as I was with him."
"\"This idea that by looking at it, we're a bit of a black hat or being white- you can't tell what's really going on,\" she says."
"And if you set them up to shoot in the middle, it won't have an effect- no impact on the way that you shoot."
"Only 28 of the current 80 MPs said they believed there was any prospect of a formal process, compared with 48% of Conservative MPs."
"If he is thought to be guilty of misconduct, he could be fined $ 200, 000 plus up to three years in jail."
"It is not really a function of the state or province that hasn't been significantly affected, it's just the fact that we're working so hard and at the highest level we are managing the situation."
"The letter says he was \"too young to understand what this meant \"and that he \"liked his father \"as he \"didn't want to give up the love he loved \"for his family."
"Three years ago the bank tried to break up the family house, but the man refused to get on the bank pension cards."
"U. S. data shows the employment rate rose to its highest level since the April employment report was released in January, though economists say they don't know how long it will stay at its current pace."
"The report said the country faces a \"crisis in long- term prospects \"and could end up paying for itself too quickly."
"It's pretty funny because at the time the police didn't get it, it was a civil matter and there were very serious protests happening."
"I feel as though I'm winning the competition but there are times I need to lose and it doesn't matter where it is."
"Cameron vowed to return to the negotiating table after the EU leader, \"I don't like \"the appearance of uncertainty on the row between the UK and Russia."
"You can get really personal about it at various parties, and we certainly appreciate that as far as we're concerned."
"She also stressed that it is impossible to predict the impact on hospitals or other organisations using public- health assets such as pension funds or the NHS."
"His statements have been popular among the UN refugee agency's refugee writers and they deserve some credit for taking the video to a whole new audience."
"After being informed the warrant was being reviewed, and there was no progress in ensuring such a warrant was delivered to the correct address, an officer was informed by a senior officer on duty."
"U. S. emissions dropped 17. 6 percent this year from 2012, and the United Kingdom emissions fell 1. 8 percent from 2013, the report said."
"When the games were announced, there was an even bigger crowd for the teams in Chicago-- 45, 800."
"It could be made more politically, but if they can't accept the political process they're going to be the ones to keep the news agencies from challenging their views."
"He'll be missed but our program and this football team have been a source of pride to me."
"You can even go to a doctor who will help you forget something and possibly go see your parents or make you laugh."
"More than one billion people, mostly from Africa, and around 80 percent of the world's population live in developed countries."
"It's unclear when last time, however, he said they could have been joined by a family member or friend."
"\"You don't want to come to the House and ask questions from the President about whether we're going to honor our commitment to remain strong,\" he said."
"The scheme is not expected to impact even the top six players in the Pro 18 or senior Super League in which the players train."
"I was speaking at a conference where there were multiple stories on the relative poor support of Trump voters, and I thought, well, maybe we're just in a phase now where people are coming to view Donald Trump as their favorite Trump."
"A white officer told us to leave the area until it was safe for us to cross the street."
"It's also important that we have respect for everyone who goes through this process and tells us they've tried, but that we have a free vote."
"He added: \"This is the era of the excellent winner with 1, 100, 000 winners, and that is almost as good as what happened in Melbourne."
"This is despite Scotland having a share of the budget deficit in the third quarter of this year- another improvement on a year earlier."
"But we look at the picture that we have come up with, but that's not how it should be."
"You don't expect to hear all the positive stuff from people who, at a time when so much positive stuff is coming out, are keen on it."
"That makes a lot of sense, since they were training in the Super Cup last year, where they qualified first."
"But if I'm not going to have a dream job, there are a lot of things I wouldn't do if I was tied down to a bank or having a job."
"This will change both the programme and advertising for the event, meaning that events will be delivered in exciting and innovative ways."
"I can say this- all of them were clear, in their statements and in our sporting activity- that a victory is a guarantee of results."
"Some have argued that Moore should be suspended for at least six months and offered a six- month extension that could easily be extended for a similar incident."
"The economy grew 0. 7 per cent in the month, the fastest pace since June 2014 and up from 0. 7 per cent last year."
"While researchers are now making clear that people who feel that they need more help are not always in danger of dying, they have made clear that one of the reasons some people might say they are suffering is because they don't get enough support."
"And they're based on the comfort level of the house and at least a couple of square feet on the street,\" he said."
"He did not get off to his first major and still has a lot of work to do- he is the junior champion and the winner this year."
"She had her officers take her to a site on her own, but she told them she didn't want to go through with the trip."
"The new agreement includes language that could easily apply to other asylum seekers caught up in Europe's migrant crisis."
"It will be the first time a government has ever made a public announcement that it would make it a crime to raise a child in \"safe \"places."
"They may choose to do so in different forms- according to their form, according to their place of residence or maybe their nation or region."
"Of those, 29, are members of the NFL's New York Rams (back), while 4, 14, are active players."
"I really like my running but I will know if he does it's the last thing I want to do."
"To show support for this initiative, people in France are now planning to be part of it if they can."
"Their game was extremely similar and it's fair to say they may have won the game just because they were really good."
"As for whether it was proper for Governor Christie to open his own governor's prison, he said it wouldn't be safe for patients in a jail in the city."
"He will have a difficult game for us and we have to play it quickly and hopefully he won't have a hard game for us."
"After hearing her name call and hearing her voice, she came forward as the night of September 22 ended and said she had been raped."
"Two in the region confirmed they were children and three said their father had been in Canada on his visa."
"\"If there are things in your heart that say, you know what, I like the same things,\" he said."
"But with all the weapons the girls have been using, it seems they're using it in a different way."
"He'd have loved me, too, in part because he knew my legacy, if he did, I wouldn't want to miss it."
"It is not your fault that you have come off, you have one look at the gap and you realise there is no point."
"However, it remains to be seen whether President Assad, who has allowed peace talks to begin, will ask for a new constitution."
"\"The best thing that is possible in terms of being able to have a girlfriend is getting a proper sex education,\" he added."
"\"There was some tension between people and the cast, and the production staff got up and moved on,\" he added."
"After nearly a month of trying to get anyone to read the new rules, the draft was finally passed yesterday by both houses of parliament."
"Although police numbers suggest more than 50 per cent of our communities can now be recognised as such, there have been attacks before that has left a wound."
"The Australian equivalent was $ 29. 6 billion in 2014 / 15, a 26 percent increase on the same time last year."
"It's the first time in two years, but every year we hope to achieve it."
"He announced his pledge during a GOP debate in August, which the Washington Post reported received huge attention from Trump's campaign."
"And at that moment in time there was only one clear option,\" she said, explaining that they didn't know what the outcome of the vote would be."
"Mr Walker was \"a really good manager and manager who always used to work hard and always put the best time of his so we would have to say thank you,\" he said."
"However, Mr Park said:'It was always a big decision for me to remain a citizen- to keep on doing my job as my local museum."
"I spoke to him once during my first year in the job and he was a tough guy to work with, but I hope he will improve on that in the future."
"Some of those will be the first members of our staff to have to move back in before February 28 to do this, so we'll be hoping to set some expectations that meet them."
"As a state, we take steps to encourage people to have guns, to be prepared for what they are going through, and those concerns are not in a state where these actions are happening in school, campus or private facilities."
"The study will consider whether Scottish adults, including their families, are better prepared to deal with changes to the health and retirement systems."
"The results give me reason to believe it will work and I am working with them and others on their research."
"The PM agreed with Mr Johnson that the UK was very good at staying within its own markets and the economy but not in countries like Germany and other parts of the world."
"\"What we're hearing about is it makes the way we vote a lot less relevant,\" said Joseph's wife Jennifer."
"When the grand theft of such sensitive documents occurred in 2010, that's when the EU was asked to do more."
"That is all we have to do, and we are not the team we used to be- it is just us."
"The Home Office is working to assist the family, who have already spent two days searching for their loved one."
"A child's mission is to follow the demands of a single mother who is a girl, but there are some far better choices."
"However, it has now been agreed that no dogs will be allowed on the roads, with thousands more disabled to be sent out onto the streets, too."
"He went to the Masters last year, the last of his seven against the Japanese champion that was his last Japan appearance."
"We've got a big three (finals) and no girls have had the opportunity to be on a stage like this so we're looking forward to taking that experience and seeing what we can get."
"There has always been a right kind of politics in politics where you are seen as somebody who gets things done, but not always."
"We found one of three groups of people we came across with double vision and it was pretty amazing."
"The 27- year- old claimed there were too many words out there for her to keep up with."
"The driver got out of his vehicle and had to help the child back to school, police say."
"I'm very, very pleased with the results of last week, the results that were more encouraging than the criticism that was directed at us for a long time."
"Even though he may have hit one or two home runs, you could almost do the opposite of what he did the other day."
"This means he needs at least a hundred sessions per month to make up for his stress and his everyday life changes."
"We are continuing to discuss the issues that have come up from our earlier comments but we are not made aware of them."
"The deal is likely to go ahead, after the companies agreed to terms earlier, and investors might be allowed to \"buy \"whole money in the future."
"\"For two years, I wasn't able to reach a target of not killing 100, 000 of them,\" she said in the video, which has been viewed more than 21 million times."
"We knew it was going to be a difficult job but it seems like we did it for him,\" he said of his sentence."
"David Cameron announced the plans to work with the Olympics in Beijing this year, which is the first time it has ever been used for China."
"But look, I am going to keep going on... and here's why I believe we're the better team."
"He will appeal a recent ruling that will see retailers be forced to release full full- fat chocolate in a bid to encourage an ever- increasing number of women into the market."
"When I entered the business eight years ago, it was on the nose of the government, but I was lucky enough to get permission to try it myself, and it took me about three weeks to find the right fit for my lifestyle."
"It came about when I was a reporter working in a supply section selling at the National Reserve Bank."
"\"She is old and tired,\" said one woman on the street at the time, another couple inside the building's front door."
"\"And you remember my mother- in- law from a very young age, which I wasn't,\" Trump said."
"The mayor did not respond to an email message seeking comment on why two people, one of whom is a woman, were arrested and taken to a hospital for treatment for non- life- threatening injuries."
"\"It's just down to the place where you're watching them perform,\" she said."
"He hasn't got much in common with his older brother who has no interest in politics."
"There is a real danger you will be captured and you will lose everything on a journey, because you will only be ever on the red carpet."
"That means fewer \"mainstream \"Trump supporters to be encouraged to register to vote, as Obama did when he won with the people of Nevada."
"Because she took her treatment in the third world to rid herself of the condition and didn't want to go to a life full of problems."
"He also said the sale of the television network was not subject to strict European Union laws, and offers were not subject to the usual minimum price."
"The first one had been made during the time of the contest between Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton, but was viewed as a threat by police in Nevada."
"If you fail on any of those counts, one or both of those other 90 percent or more is a result."
"David Cameron on Tuesday urged British businesses to focus on their annual business taxes, after a U. S. Treasury official suggested the government was no longer building a strong steel business."
"The sudden military operation, the discovery of thousands of documents, which one man allegedly prepared for a specific organization, seemed to have made him radical."
"That means around 30, 000 victims of acts of violence will get free return visits, providing \u00a3 18 to be raised each year."
"\"You are almost certainly going to hear this from the people who worked on this very idea,\" said Russell."
"And then they were all alone- they did not even know each other- so they were almost a family."
"We believe that an urgent meeting will be called in due course to review our response plans to prevent the situation in the Mediterranean Sea, which is the main focus of action, becoming increasingly remote."
"The explosion, which happened on a busy highway at around 12: 00 on Friday, was not suspected of being a terrorist attack."
"The struggle for seats in Parliament, especially in the lower house, has been a favourite cause among the younger generation of MPs."
"We'll certainly see him around the team but on the front lines he's always done well."
"\"When you take away certain elements of the natural,\" the man in the White House breakfast crowd told her, \"It's hard to give them purpose."
"While four different political parties formed in that decade, none had the backing or the capacity to handle four years in the U. S. House of representatives."
"The culture is at an all- time low, and new young people are not finding success- they're falling behind."
"\"I made the decision that I didn't want to continue playing my game like that and I could have been the first, second or third man to ever play that game again,\" Smith said."
"If you want to do stuff on your own, it's likely a minimum- or barely- $ 200- monthly per class."
"\"We must put it all back to work for him so he can stand up for our country,\" she said."
"I feel like if we could go further and win games, for example, I think we're in the hunt for the top three of the competition."
"\"A lot of people had done this before and wanted to see her in the role,\" she said."
"The worker asked, \"What do you want me to do today?\"and was told that she \"must have gone through this."
"\"I still have the firm conviction to be totally honest with you that you're going to be back,\" Mr. Trump said."
"\"I can only say that as the first general election in which the ballot is not taken as a matter of policy but very personal and historic,\" he added."
"For these findings to change, Smith said she was going to be \"forced to change \"and was planning to run for president herself."
"One month later it's continued down by $ 8. 2 billion and the five- day trading week would start on January 18."
"\"I have an example of the vast majority of people being told not to share their own romantic history with anyone,\" she says."
"But we will be watching and monitoring these people so we can continue the conversations as quickly as possible, as soon as we have the resources."
"In theory, countries should be able to claim tax breaks that benefit the full population or small businesses, or universities, while not earning more than the public sector."
"Many have said that the average American could expect to spend $ 20 per month on their living expenses, or around $ 7, 000 per month on their basic health care."
"Although his statement in which he said he would press charges against the man, the NBA player said he was determined not to look the other side."
"One of the options is to buy something for about $ 1, 000, said his friend, who gave only his first name."
"'She's been very, very busy and I didn't know she was doing so much, let alone a lot."
"In a competitive environment they need to be able to put up points and level the field ; you can't just hand them out when the start is going to be near by."
"I don't know what happened so I don't know how to make decisions and I definitely wouldn't go any different than anyone."
"The Swedish shares market is up 2. 21 percent at $ 30. 54 an hour on Friday, trading as high as $ 30. 42 by the end of the day."
"Mr Osborne's plans to boost the NHS spending to five years \"is a real reform that is likely to help achieve the aims of the reforms announced by Mr Cameron in February."
"The fact that so many girls \"are desperate to learn about the problem is encouraging and I wouldn't want to get involved,\" she said."
"\"I couldn't even get back up and to the door of the living room and not hear from anybody,\" he told reporters."
"'What I do want, of course, is that I don't see the characters on screen taking too much away from me."
"You really think if you do this type of work to promote those type of projects, you have to keep your head down."
"I said to myself, \"We don't want this and now they're out there?"
"Of course, it was part of our pre- year pre- season and then also we got in the work- out."
"Instead it was probably a better service for her, but we were still close, and the times- when there were many people in the world that day- were quite incredible."
"'At first I thought he'd run away because he'd got locked up in the house and wouldn't be able to see me."
"Over the next few days, the primary candidates will look to come in and strike a policy with much stronger support."
"It's unlikely they will get a price increase, and analysts expect the Reserve Bank to raise rates to 1. 5 per cent from 1 per cent, after months of strong sentiment."
"An Independent survey of top employers by One Scotland shows that a quarter have missed out on pay cuts because of the referendum."
"But, as a pop culture reference, I get my own little meandering in the pages of a pop musical, where I have to explain the history behind a record to almost any woman."
"More than 12, 000 of their donors are women, and are affected by various conditions that affect their body and health."
"\"I would ask people to look at the path that they're making, the current direction, and then look at the future,\" he said."
"After the bad game last season and the 3- 2 start for the Rangers, they won their last two games for the first time in their history."
"He will no longer be able to apply for what can only be described as a \"Super \"policy in which wages have to be bought and sold."
"The first stage of this family split up around the time of her marriage in 2001 and she turned to Social Security, while her husband continued to earn and live on his own."
"\"It's always great when people are working on something and have a sense of closure, even though the work is rarely completed,\" she says."
"\"I think that the election of Donald Trump is a vote of confidence in the Democratic Party and the Republican Party to provide some stability,\" she said."
"Trump responded to \"inappropriate comments\" he made about a colleague in the past during a discussion about Clinton's use of a private email server during the time she was Secretary of State."
"One source familiar with the plan said a lift would take place around 5: 30 p. m. when the fleet will move in- line with the plan."
"I don't like to be out there every night but there's only so much you can do."
"He said:'It looked like one of the guys sitting in the corner, and I could see they were talking to the surveillance drones."
"She also said she was more happy \"because \"it was a record deal now, and I had kids."
"We knew that this park was going to work- but after an hour, you can't really know where to turn."
"It is my duty to care for him and if he needs treatment, this hospital has access to him."
"Despite the truth from the other team, it felt good to get the respect and we want to keep playing like we have played all season, winning on Saturday and it will hopefully be a big improvement for the club."
"Their fate has been told to a friend who had received a thank you message from her mother when she left them on the run."
"\"In my moment of full embrace I stood and turned towards him and I was able to close my eyes,\" she said."
"For these players, having an issue on and off the pitch has played a huge part in their development, although they have got a sense of being calm when things go wrong."
"\"We have got to listen to all the facts and make sure the free market is going to ensure that every child gets the opportunities they deserve,\" she said."
"A spokesman for the county government said the emergency services, in connection with the incident, responded to the scene immediately and there were no reports of injuries."
"\"I can't give the same amount of credit to a young lawyer on the side,\" he said."
"As the pound continued its slow decline for the first time in almost a year, one point of confidence was short."
"It was said the customer who lost her phone after calling to ask for assistance at the airport had already paid their \u00a3 15 cost."
"\"There's a purpose to it- making games come to life,\" said Blake Bell, the Sydney lawyer."
"But we know the game, we know how to get in those spots and we know how to win games."
"We don't hear enough about good education and the role of money in our national lives."
"He would save a lot of money while working at McDonald's, so he could turn down a job offer to have to earn more to put his kids to work."
"I said: \"You know, so I heard you went into it and then you let me know how many other times I got stabbed because you would tell me you were going to die."
"But, given that we all agree that she is the man I'd like her to be to run for president- and I've been looking forward to taking on her as the best alternative to Hillary."
"A lot of the criticism and concern is a bit negative but there's been some good talk from everyone else."
"\"When we're selected, we are not only going to be that tight to the rest of the team but not only the defence- we're going to be a pain to have in defence,\" he said."
"There are even more such policies, but I've not seen them pass the legal protection and transparency that they need."
"The study found 18 per cent of women said they struggled with the stress and depression they felt at a time of more significant emotional stress."
"There are so many of them here, and in particular in the south of England, it's sort of exciting."
"A community organisation, they say, must also have the trust of the victims themselves and that must include regular post- harassment support, so that it can come together in an effort to save the lives of these young men."
"\"What they [ Obama's ] response was, I don't think they were suggesting to anybody that we just want peace,\" he told Fox News."
"The US Department of Justice charged Trump with violations of his campaign pledge to build a wall along the Mexican border."
"But the region's transport minister said the project would not have happened without Scotland's focus on investing in rail infrastructure."
"'It has been announced this morning that we will be returning all flights between the city and St George's Park from 9 October."
"At a military speech last week, President Obama said that many of the European Union leaders had come \"away \"from their countries."
"My overall impression is there's really nothing to be afraid of now in this UK because of that Brexit vote."
"The index was up 2. 8 per cent in the three months to end September after the U. S. central bank cut its short- term interest rate by 0. 25 per cent."
"While it will be welcome, it is not clear that she would open her phone to a digital recording by time she comes back."
"So I'm in a position where I can speak for other staff but, you know, I don't really know what it is."
"\"He never plays soft- spoken, and he would just don't understand where we're at,\" Scott said."
"You just have to make sure they aren't playing in front of your eyes, which is really sad."
"The woman was taken to a local hospital, where she was not seen for five weeks, the court heard."
"It is now to celebrate how important these sessions are to her, how excited she is for a new challenge at New York City."
"It's unclear what effect this will have on the overall economy, as it was less stable over the past year."
"I think with David Lee's play I'm in a bit of a touch further behind in fitness."
"And it's not the only thing that does, that we know of, but these are common features in nature."
"In December 2012, four and a half years after he won his first state state title, he's emerged to become one of the few mainstream candidates, too."
"He described the struggle for votes as a struggle on his part, and that he sees no sign of the Republican Party, not even as they look on in outrage."
"That makes sense as their cases may involve visitors traveling in an aircraft and to the issue of return flights that they have been in."
"They are a young majority and want a woman prime minister, and this does not mean the word is turning away from men."
"The U. S. soccer team's international registration slip allowed women to claim credit on one of its official websites."
"That goes against all of my personal experience and I just put my hands up and I said it out loud."
"The appeal is continuing as the dead bird has been found and will be returned to London on November 9."
"For one study of adults, participants were asked to pass a \"1 to 18 question \"on a computer screen to measure overall stress levels."
"Another few points about California: Utah, Arizona, Minnesota, New Hampshire and perhaps even New York: these states are the ones where Trump's success lies."
"It must be remembered, however, that even so the so- called Islamic State (IS) organization is well within its rights, and has become a threat for international security."
"\"We know we have a job to do on the road... that's why we had interest from a lot of the other guys,\" he said."
"\"We think that if this commission has access to the data of the kids that we need to get them home safely,\" he said."
"They say that 10 or 15 years away from him I didn't know what to do with his life."
"Mr Corbyn said: \"The Tory leadership has turned their back on the British people and the impact of the referendum campaign."
"The Labor Department said last week that nearly 2, 000 construction jobs lost ground in the United States as the Obama administration looked at proposals to help lower the cost of energy projects."
"The results came less than two weeks before President Obama took office, a stretch that was reflected in the measure's low approval ratings."
"The US Foreign Office says all 28 victims are Australians who were trying to reach Turkey from Syria or Iraq."
"It's too early to see a strong return on investment for Western European firms and some 14 per cent of the revenue falls into the bottom 80 per cent."
"\"I know that if somebody wants to hurt us or has any other reason, that was never discussed,\" he added."
"It was a really hard one to stomach and we'll go on and on about that, but again we have to have a plan."
"Most people say they would also avoid doing any sport they normally go to but for big amounts of time, say, 18 months, but my diet is quite effective."
"More than 1, 500 people were injured and 500 on the road were taken to hospital for treatment."
"These may include people who have been through this before and have no known risk factors for it."
"The reality is that it's just so easy to turn a blind eye when you are walking and talking."
"Some Russian news agencies believe the letter of resignation was sent to the Russian attorney general, but he has denied any involvement."
"I wanted to thank those people who helped me out, because you were not alone, and it was fantastic."
"\"This is an historic day in American history, I think, and I would urge those watching to come out in force and stay away from it,\" he said."
"For example, it's about being able to see that you can talk to people for the first time because they need a familiar voice."
"The other option was to reduce work that was performed on the reserve until at least April 15, he said."
"She didn't play at the time- she had left a self- produced film of herself and her playing to cover for it- and I made me change the parts."
"More than 13, 500 people, who serve on the front lines for the coalition, are needed to take up arms against ISIS."
"That's a huge win for me and the fans, and a major loss for the organization, a big blow for the organization that's good for me."
"These goals will be raised across the country with funding to date from the federal government and has been reported to state governments."
"But Mrs May's concerns over immigration, claims the Tory leader has denied, have caused concern in her Conservative party."
"And, since I do want to earn my life, it is OK to look back at those tragic events and feel proud of my passion."
"\"What was the cause of this unusual behaviour, like a black box?\"the French and Australian ships were asked to track."
"\"I think most people are surprised at a tax on low- income, even though they're not,\" he said."
"These are the conditions that make me feel strong and I will do everything I can to move into that position."
"Hillary Clinton's campaign manager says she will deliver $ 2 million worth of campaign cash to the winner of Sunday's primaries in Florida."
"He'd already been convicted in June for the bombing of a peace rally in Berlin in November 2014, and is said to be in jail on a corruption charge."
"But I don't think it is [ surprising ] that he needs to take his own life."
"\"And with technology you know everything is now available on your smartphone,\" Mr. Johnson added, showing a photo of a van that wasn't there."
"The ultimate goal: to ensure we don't lose them at any cost."
"Just because I have a daughter or something that has left me upset doesn't mean I don't want to be seen with it."
"In a world where Google remains the dominant brand in this country, we've got to take care of ourselves."
"If I play well I have got to score goals and the results are going to show that if I'm good then I have got to be a big part of the team, too."
"I know he's a good player, he was just added to the team last year and a bit of that was on me."
"Last week, General Secretary William G. Martin said Australia would not fight any longer for our national interest."
"The loss comes as the business was hit with concerns by a likely rate rise by the government, with reports of billions in black money being transferred from abroad."
"It's a very important win and makes you feel at home and you are a one- off for that crowd that could be all but removed from it."
"She says: \"The decision- makers have felt this is the area of maximum risk for a project like this."
"If we can have a break just like a real day of service and like a normal day, then we'll be 100 percent."
"'I still don't think it's a virus and I certainly wouldn't expect anything to happen- only that it's a bit more serious."
"\"You can create income, you can build homes, you can earn enough money to feed your family,\" Mr. Thompson said."
"She posted a video of the incident on Facebook showing a police officer filming the scene."
"\"They will be our best driver for London and the quality of the world's largest traffic transport network means the success of the journey will be very important to our businesses and will have far- reaching implications for the city's economy, transport infrastructure"
"'If you have spoken to a boss who is the first person you ever talk to in real life will say you have a right to ask him out,' she said."
"Maybe I'm being deliberately suspicious of him and I do, but in my opinion he is a man at heart, and I am talking about man."
"However, the high birth rates it generated in England in the 1990s means many people have become too poor to afford to see their babies."
"The largest vote of confidence in politics came when Labour's leader Jeremy Corbyn won the vote in Labour's parliament."
"He wanted to bring something new to Canada, and I did my best to do my best to take a closer look."
"We are getting a lot of speeches on television and then it's delivered and done by Facebook."
"\"I think the jury is still out on whether and how big this injury really was,\" he said."
"By targeting parts that play a central role in Russian- Syrian politics and human rights, the program is reaching into far less ground."
"But the emotional impact is likely to play into someone's decision about what to do with their child."
"But \"I have not made a decision,\" the former President said in an interview last week, adding that Mr Corbyn had previously agreed with the proposal."
"Their families could not take any risks and if they did want to go to hospital they had to be there by the end of the ambulance and it was terrible to find out their home would be affected."
"We're pleased to welcome back Stuart, he's a great addition to this forward line and he is now all praise to us."
"While the risk of losing a child to cancer remains high, the research results have long been recognized as potentially important."
"You can never always get the best player, especially if he's not scoring, especially if it's against home teams."
"By getting this done, we hope to better protect workers and their families, not only their health, but their lives."
"The organisation wants the government to make clear that what is being done should be done at the NHS level and not the bank."
"After a slow start at the same time as France, Argentina are now closer to reaching their biggest competition ever at home."
"Trump announced last month that he would stop accepting campaign donations if he lost the election, the Republican Party and the media reported."
"It comes as Trump's performance in New Hampshire and his foreign policy plan to build a wall along the Mexican- American border are turning heads."
"You can try and guess the direction of the clock because you're not a \"happy \"time, you can go in and out."
"If it's done in that other way, it's probably more expensive and we'll be fighting it out for that period of time."
"Both received messages of support from across the globe on social media and brought together support from the rich world who share a lot in common with me."
"The majority of families enjoy free car parks near public transport which they can rent or trade in for the rest of their daily lives."
"\"If a man puts his hands in the air and asks for help, we don't have it any more,\" he said."
"I decided to get involved so I would be on their side and put up a clear cause of action against them."
"Although they said they've never met personally, they can't rule out the possibility they could meet again over the next year."
"The Italian tax authorities failed to do a full job in coming up with the act, and in June 2012- the Commission's answer was a document which was not in English."
"From August 1 to this past Wednesday I spent the whole night sitting in line waiting to pay and making sure I got them."
"The mother of four was flying low on $ 1. 10 with a day flight when the plane struck her."
"I am very concerned that the intelligence community has failed to properly investigate this issue and perhaps another significant leak was also exposed as they have all the legal and regulatory authority and resources."
"If someone else is lucky enough to do this and someone else is lucky enough to work in this country and be the sort of person that we're... it's just better to just be sure it wasn't me."
"For my entire career, I have made the game I love hard and I like every single round- I've never really had a bad round."
"If it came out there on social media and the Irish people knew what had been written, they'd be able to protect themselves."
"\"I think the fact we have another two weeks off is amazing for the competition,\" said the manager."
"It was an era of rock and roll when anyone in the city needed a piece of that and it wasn't a political topic."
"But in the end he won and now we are on to racing and he's got one final victory."
"It was where I started to realise how much he had been me all my life but also in the street."
"Trump's plan would have to go through Congress, which is on the campaign trail in major states like Pennsylvania and Ohio, before getting to the White House."
"He said there were no decisions to take ahead of Labour's 2014 and 2016 elections, and urged ministers to look at all their options to preserve jobs."
"More and more services are saying that the best way to cope with this is to not make it hard for others, to avoid the attention that has to be."
"Now I've changed a little bit since then, so I know I can give it a little more touch."
"The front- run only 36% of games, against teams without a top five forward, against teams with five or more."
"One day a kid went to the same neighborhood school and read and didn't like what he read."
"\"I'm looking forward to working with our group in Cardiff and I'll be back to work when I've got a different appointment to finish it off,\" he said."
"In the UK, 59 per cent of male students in secondary school at the start of the school year are single men, a lower proportion than in Wales and England, the report says."
"\"In this case, you can't be a writer- who knows a living,\" she told the judge."
"I've done everything for two years in our shop and it's been like that."
"And we need to get this right and get over, but we've got to do it so that the crowd and their families can go home, because this whole place is moving."
"He may have won the fight in a big way but it's not like we would go out and try to win games."
"What gives a citizen of this country, that she or she really is, a democracy, or at least someone who wants to be- I don't know."
"The agency says its goal is to develop products that aren't just enough to move your car or job from place to place."
"In general, the group said it did not discuss individual cases, but it has stepped up its control of hiring and no longer seeks financial support from private companies."
"The last case involved a ten year old who suffered a stroke- although that had nothing to do with the disability."
"But seeing how much he looked like a tourist- we were thinking that this was actually one of the guests, and we felt bad that it wasn't somebody from his family."
"\"I feel like there are people here for whose project I'm writing,\" says one friend who was well- liked and, indeed, very generous."
"But this is where this first money has been spent and now our customers are asking for much more and more."
"Since then, he's turned up to check in again and again, while living a life of fear- a life that, if I live long, I can't forget."
"We still keep him in the central midfield, but we haven't been able to find the sort of level, and we still have him to play with."
"My dad would do so much work for me to earn that I wouldn't have this kind of money."
"Mr. Taylor, who isn't an experienced public advocate, said the group has been in conversations with the Michigan attorney general over the course of five years."
"\"It's something that's needed by our system of government, because we want to be able to control them,\" he told the crowd in Melbourne on Wednesday."
"As they drive toward the line, a truck driver tries to chase after the young teen from behind."
"\"My biggest problem was in the beginning that we just said we're not going to win as we just play on the fly,\" he said."
"Now, the only way for us to progress in the lives of children is if we care enough."
"And I think he had a great, deep impact on me, but it's been an error- landing period and he just took us a lot of wrong turns."
"This is why we made it tough for the great English manager, in the last couple of years, to do things in a more high profile style."
"The UK's top TV regulator is fighting back against claims that Channel 4's decision to cut its diversity programme should be taken out."
"A spokesman for the White House said: \"This was a response to comments made during our presidential campaign that claimed that I was not strong enough for my job."
"A teacher at the time said he hadn't gone out to make a meal of his school- because he was too young to be able to do so."
"Clinton criticized Sanders for speaking at a Democratic party convention this week and took credit for the September attacks in New York City in which 16 people were killed."
"But a Fairfax- based think tank said the economy is growing at a healthy rate, which may not improve much in light of the U. S.- Japan trade deals that the United States needs to boost its overall output."
"The piece received 10. 2 million views on YouTube from September 26 and then nearly 11 million on November 2, the month before the event."
"After a few years with top veterans, now he is back on a diet, eating less, less meat and lower sugar."
"They have trained him in his own system and he is on track to be the strongest player in the history of Test cricket."
"The family said they understood why the officer in charge of the park was working- and they were waiting to learn from him."
"As far as safety is concerned, she wanted a house where the heat wouldn't come in the way of her on- screen show."
"It's hard to write off a job and suddenly look in the mirror or do a dance on the carpet?"
"The EU member- states are to cut their ties to any travel links between their members at the end of this year."
"She said: \"The way in which we treat women in the criminal justice system could be causing abuse on a massive scale."
"They should come to the table knowing there's a possibility they can get something in return- so that's the thing that's keeping us going."
"One key factor is the death rate- the first half of 2013 was among the worst in recorded history."
"At this stage I don't know if it's three days or 12 or 24, but for me it's very difficult because it's such a football season."
"If we want to prevent the horror of war with nature we have to say we're against it, but we have to do so in a way that's civil, which is more like you don't do that when someone is in harm's"
"The two took turns on the stage at his final concert before launching into a controversial performance of \"Hamilton \"towards Queen."
"Trump said in the video that the US has thousands of air defense missiles on the ground, not individual missiles but carrier based anti aircraft missiles."
"The judge explained that the state was advised not to take her for a period of time until she could be offered another sexual relationship, but since she was a minor, no such offer was made."
"Last week at the heart of London's heart outbreak alert, the agency says 30 deaths have been recorded, most of them to dogs."
"As for the standard of employment, the bottom 85 per cent of working age voters will vote to leave the EU if there is a referendum of that size."
"'It's like people who have heard nothing but horror music,' she said in a recent interview with the Press Association."
"Other studies have shown, for example, that older adults are more likely to develop dementia than those who have less education and working- age relatives."
"In order to secure a billion dollars for the group, it would need to be located within the Syrian city of Aleppo."
"We've also heard from people who don't realise the gift is such a large one, that it might be worth millions of pounds to spend."
"\"I didn't play against him for one day but he has a huge opportunity and to put in the extra time he needs,\" he said."
"\"I found out that I was being tested [ in November ] and it was just devastating,\" he said."
"If they ever run into trouble, they should find a better or safer lane, we'll let them do the rest."
"The police said the man approached the police station and allegedly admitted he'd committed suicide after being in possession of a knife."
"'She was 30 years older than me, she wouldn't have gone to prison... but I knew she'd pass away."
"The 25- year- old manager is worried about whether he will be asked to take charge of the defence after the game this weekend."
"To make matters worse, the Kremlin has repeatedly denied this story and said nothing about the evidence."
"\"She had just come in when she was about to start her shift and a couple of a- doesn't know what happened,\" she said."
"I would never want this guy, but I told my team what we would do."
"'We couldn't live in safety if I left my work here,' he said, walking the ship for a period of time."
"Because if we gave up on those shots, they had more potential to be double figures."
"The Met Police say they haven't made any arrests at the scene and that there were no arrests by ambulance services."
"The third world has been told I'm not the kind of person to have a leader, and you might have to ask."
"After that release of the 2014 video he announced an American citizen could be his successor after the United States'election."
"The first police officers in Scotland and the first Swedish police officer were shot in one week, just weeks after its citizens voted for Brexit."
"They have been taken into custody and each have reportedly sustained serious injuries but not life- threatening injuries."
"\"One of our key questions in our study is... why are the three women reporting sex abuse by men at this time in their lives?\"she wrote in the email."
"During the election campaign, Trump attacked Hillary Clinton for her handling of the issue and promised to \"let other countries do what they want \"on Russian hacking."
"That's how I felt when I met him a couple weeks ago, he said it's just in his head."
"Only under Labour's leadership, he has done a lot of small business- spending more than the Conservative government over the past few years."
"The message from within is: never be a loud voice and please don't talk for too long about what's going on in Syria."
"We have no intention to play on my soil but if a horse can't play on my territory then they have to go with someone."
"For the moment, we're seeing a referendum on Britain's membership of the EU, with 19 countries voting to leave the EU, with France and Australia voting to stay."
"It is thought the problem is only likely to have been introduced in certain parts of Britain last year and that it will be identified and recorded in some places."
"One way of putting this is that the child was in a position to directly influence that child's decision- making in the story and you didn't want him acting in that way."
"He did everything the boys in the wrong color need him to do and he's done a fantastic job for us."
"\"It is, for example, a principle that it is not an alternative to government in the circumstances that bring about the right problems,\" he added."
"For such a long time he's been able to get to the plate without being driven by a ball, even with the game's greatest speed on the outside."
"He's so tired of these kind of things, he's in a really bad place in his family,\" she told The Independent in December."
"At some stage you say,' I'm going to open up a discussion with them,' but to get down to this, I have to be someone they don't have to talk to."
"I don't think there is a tension that's, you know, less extreme, or maybe the opposite of the one we have, and we do it for one another."
"He probably has to buy a million dollars of airline tickets to the airport, all for him, because the company can't travel on its own."
"The sort of thing that makes people laugh at you, but it never- can- make- you look at yourself."
"At one point, Smith said that she would do something for him to show him the door and that he could drop by to meet her."
"\"With every increase, more and more evidence comes in that what you were doing did have the intended effect,\" said Anne Graham, who was a senior author on the paper."
"There were actually two very small \"tsunami hits \"that struck the holiday road late on Thursday, but not enough to cause a major incident."
"There's a moment at a federal hearing in St. Louis that may have come and gone before the bill died in the House."
"The figures also showed that Glasgow's construction sector lost 1, 000 jobs last year while Wales'jobs was affected by falls in economic activity."
"When the NHS cannot make that request, I think it's a sick system which is supposed to be treated and protected."
"My first, biggest thought was: \"Do I have a birthday celebration? when this movie came out? then turned into an expression of \"What is it?\"?"
"It could even be that we all want to become a kind of comedy- opposite of the first year."
"However, there has been talk that the White House could push Cruz back as he seeks a third- party bid in Wisconsin next month."
"I think it's a shame he did not say what he should be doing at the end and I don't like to look away from something because people should be able to make their own decisions."
"More than 800 deaths have been reported as a result of the Zika virus since it began spreading in Brazil on Friday."
"I felt I had the freedom to go and go again, I didn't feel like I'd lost it."
"When I hear someone mention \"appropriate \"professional hacking of data at companies it takes a lot of people to convince me."
"The 63- year- old says: \"As a manager, you don't tell the players and they start their career as a business."
"The debate's winner was Donald Trump, who called the Syrian government a \"terrorist organization,\" saying it posed a \"direct and immediate threat \"to the United States."
"She's trying to be a human being and she's very emotional, but she has a side to her that I don't believe she can handle."
"I think in this video one of the goals of getting that message across is also for him to get people in a group and just have that attention to his performance."
"The lawyers will be voting to begin their case for a nine- year prison sentence at a hearing at the High Court in London on Monday."
"He is of a very young age, so there is a very serious risk that he would continue living here until he's 30."
"Many experts say there is no direct evidence of additional lead exposure in children, and, for that reason, these research was turned down."
"If the culture is to be successful in schools- and it is not- then it needs to be like a city or an island, she said."
"I'm delighted with all the fantastic opportunities that Scotland are playing, you can't put one guy out here that has put them there already."
"It was a very competitive game... it should've been there, not in the final, but it's a lot of fun."
"I'm feeling like it's going to be like a journey for me as a former football player, a lot of what you'd do is a journey to come back to a football club."
"In the immediate aftermath of the Brexit vote, we have seen EU governments start to treat Britain's migration crisis, particularly during the 2016 general election."
"More than 500 people from Turkey, Yemen, Jordan, and Syria died and 300, 000 others were displaced, according to the Syrian Democratic Forces, or SDF."
"Now, please make sure that you follow the advice of your doctor, and do it quickly."
"The company said today that it makes almost 2 million operations in India, almost double the number it made in 2011, and that it now has over 6, 500 employees and more than 100 locations in eight cities in the country."
"The former secretary of state was pushing for Trump to support free trade deals, while saying he wasn't against corporate taxes."
"We want to use the time now to make improvements, to change a lot of the young boys and older ones who don't like that."
"\"I would like to say again and again and again, that we are here because of what we have done, and in fact we have a very good shot at making it here, because we just have to keep pushing forward,\" he said"
"But people want to know if it's really going to fix the whole thing, but we've got a good model- the safety net."
"In 2005, Jones'only work experience was as a recording artist for an emerging artist collective, and he hadn't had much sex in that time."
"The researchers, conducted in Russia and conducted by the United States, say they found evidence the best- advised response to such actions was only to delay a single patient's investigation until after an accident."
"The loss of the 10 billion euro (\u00a3 8. 4 million) was his first shock since winning the tournament in Beijing in September."
"On Monday, a plane carrying about 1, 200 people took off from Munich Airport, the capital of Germany, to try to reach Belgium."
"He praised Mr Erdogan for making Turkey a better place to be an independent country, and pointed out that Russia and China were also more closely linked with Turkey."
"We're the only team with a chance to win for us this week so I would like to continue to grow, to challenge and to defend."
"There's no doubt the city's economy will slow a little in the run up to Christmas, but that's what scientists are warning."
"He's just going to wait until they get their chance to play at his team and play with it but it's not going to be the same."
"This will likely only be addressed after an official consultation with consumers, economists and regulatory agencies on it and with the European Parliament before parliament takes the issue up at the next General Election on 15 April."
"In a year when rival groups are showing off super- tight results, the Clinton campaign has made big changes to its video design."
"We're going to work with the players, we're going to work together, and we're going to fight in the regular season, and we're going to do it in a professional way."
"\"This virus is coming out of the ground and hopefully it can carry this disease away from the Chinese,\" he told Reuters Health."
"\"This is not some big thing, this is something bigger than anyone else, the complete reality of climate change is not at stake here,\" he said."
"With GDP in decline, so could income growth, which has continued on its current positive trend."
"'Once I'd started to play it became harder and harder, and I started to smoke more and more,' he said."
"There's plenty of noise in these sorts of cases, but it's also some kind of justice: it's a game of words."
"I just spent 15 years to get to that point where I was able to do it for such a long time."
"The Trump campaign said it was not talking about this specifically, but did immediately say it would defend his choice of words in a brief statement."
"However, as Cameron has had an incredible career as prime minister, and in a public campaign, the party cannot rely on a Labour government."
"One was the Chinese train, with passengers enjoying incredible views over one- of- a- kind ride from the airport."
"On Saturday, three British women whose names have been released from custody will serve their sentences in federal custody."
"Their greatest impact, however, is likely to come in cities, where they make up about a quarter of the population."
"I always have been a big fan of that and now they know I actually want to be part of it."
"\"The truth is that none of the law enforcement sources that I see say anything very specific,\" she said."
"The mobile operators will be contacted on the way in a national drug safety meeting, the Commission said today."
"They will also reduce costs by offering more choice on insurance options, which could increase the consumer's speed."
"As with other races and so like everyone in this championship, there will be some challenges at the start of the race."
"The student said that her father had done no wrong and called in his local police station to report that she had been raped."
"The Cuban government and its lawyers have given little consideration to the long- held dispute over which names to use for the elections, as required under the constitution."
"In 2012, Hillary Clinton knocked Bernie Sanders for having an affair, rather than to be a rival."
"The new singer will hold a \"celebrity spring break \"in downtown Los Angeles on March 5, 2017."
"\"My analysis shows the level has remained steady, despite the expansion of non- violent crime,\" the statement said."
"He spoke during a speech at Columbia University, and his remarks have attracted widespread attention online, with some suggesting that he may have been an agent of Russian President Vladimir Putin."
"As a club that plays in the Champions League, if a player is injured I want the player to go for my injured knee."
"So that was definitely not the same thing we saw in New Hampshire and Michigan on Tuesday in terms of a Republican- women race."
"The tests don't include people who may have died from previous Alzheimer's disease because they don't show symptoms."
"There is a good chance that Theresa May will lose her Tory majority in the second attempt at Government and she will be open to support for a third bid."
"There's so much new money coming out of the Republican Party this year, he said, he's bringing it all the way to the White House."
"With our latest results, it is important that those people who are already registered to vote on Election Day come to Australia."
"We believe there should be a review of the data and make sure that there is no additional negative value added to our public services."
"Most Americans, as in England, are more involved in politics than in their family ; but America is not immune to this."
"More than $ 25 billion worth of industry trade in goods and services have been traded in Hong Kong since the trade- off in 2007 between the city's steel industry and local government is signed off in 1999."
"While we were only about three times a week away, it's far from the same here."
"Those with military or police connections should be contacted about this, but making sure you have a legal presence is a good idea, it is not a threat to the law, and authorities are always in the best interests of the community."
"They [ Brexit ] talk about who we're on the floor for and on the other side of the channel, when it comes to the UK."
"We've had discussions about what to do with him but he won't play and I don't want to change that."
"\"They've had their money set aside to help children learn to take English lessons and at least come up with ideas,\" he said."
"Some 20, 000 migrants have made the crossing to Italy since then, many in the first year or two on foot, a survey has found."
"But the Swedish model is \"not so much a rule- breaking exercise as a treatment,\" she says in an email."
"The pair had been stuck in a village when they decided to stop and pick up their damaged phone, and Ms Kelly says they haven't heard from them since."
"They will look at exactly what and when that breaks down- what happens when something breaks down in the pipeline or when they're not ready to make any change."
"When I left in August I was getting five- year, \u20ac 5. 5 million a year, apartment- and house- rent in the South African market."
"\"What I've been saying throughout the week has been, we're going to be in the playoffs,\" Jones added."
"He kept going for a long time and at the end of the day, I'm here for a reason."
"\"I think there are two games in seven weeks between now and then the start of the World Cup,\" said Scott."
"\"It is well established that there are no government jobs here, and those benefits are for them,\" he said."
"When I saw the result, though, it felt as though the very same power seemed to be at play as well."
"\"All of the experts have been working together for four months now in the course of the investigation,\" a lawyer for the victim's family said in a statement."
"Two hundred thousand people come together and bring them the things to change the future, and when I talk to them, I give them the importance of what they are doing."
"The task force has taken into account factors like youth, work history and sports and and is just beginning its analysis of the research."
"There are potential consequences, including threats to hold the prime minister out of office, the government says, and may even kill her."
"With just 15 weeks left to go until the election, Mr. Trump has promised to use the policy to expand government access to certain kinds of health care."
"The final rate hike for 2017- 2018 is expected by about 4 percent, similar to last year's rate hike, and will be largely lower than forecast."
"The UK's largest bank would break even on Christmas Day if it didn't end up in a \"good \" financial position, former governor of the Bank of England said."
"I want to thank everyone who came out to vote to support my family and to spend Christmas with us as a family."
"There are certain times when I will say whatever I want, and the people can just imagine it."
"Before she became White House chief strategist, she was a guest of many prominent politicians from both parties."
"It's been a good run to the main event, but what does it mean for the industry as a whole?"
"There is much debate around what is and isn't an area of traditional Kurdish culture, but the site is like home, one of a diverse range of opportunities."
"It's not just a short car tour around the country but also a visit to visit places where you could live-- all the bigger cities and towns on the earth."
"I thought there was just nothing on either side of the Channel to encourage them to stick with him,\" he said."
"When it finally came to the moment, Mr Bryant had a surge of pain, going from 150 to 250."
"It says it is working with representatives of 5, 000 and has offered \"top priority \"for officers \"in areas of conflict."
"A couple who carried out an attack involving themselves and their mobile phone and their arms were taken to hospital for treatment after the incident."
"Today, in the view of President Obama, being gay is part of the solution that is needed to end the war."
"\"We are putting on the pieces and talking to a great team- building party when we go home with our beautiful bottle,\" she said."
"No contract terms for female managers will be released, and part of the time when women want a manager is considered paid."
"There are two ways to balance having to play games on a weekend or night when you have to be away a lot on the weekend."
"He will be back next week, meaning people can take him back as a foreign player and still have a bit of wear and tear on him."
"I don't believe in- I'll be the better team and they will be tomorrow night and it's my job."
"One man who used to say he wanted to kill Trump was attacked and had his legs and mouth cut, a police source said."
"The interest rate on the share gains alone took out $ 36. 2 billion, or 2. 6 per cent, from the funds, he said."
"\"He definitely was the draw and I never expected that he'd be in the majority,\" he said."
"\"I will never forget how they locked the doors for me in their flat,\" he wrote on Facebook after receiving the death threats."
"The president- elect also met with members of his own transition team this week to discuss issues and support, a administration official said."
"He did not identify himself, but a police spokesperson said he had made a U- turn and was located in the city."
"Earlier this year, the Liberal party's permanent secretary confirmed it had agreed to $ 60 million of funding in support of a green belt."
"And you have to look at a girl who had a date with a girl in the film industry and she ended up getting married and had a kid."
"It's clear that David Cameron had a sense of duty, but not when he said the UK should be \"an active member of the NATO alliance,\" or when he endorsed last year's Brexit vote."
"On Wednesday, French military personnel killed two ISIS fighters inside the rebel- held town of Jan, a soldier said."
"You might have heard stories about wonderful women wanting to look good in those bad- looking shoes, but you wouldn't know who they are from a simple look alone."
"And it's important for us to see what he has been doing- he's coming back, it is important that we see what he is trying to achieve here and what we're asking him to do as well."
"I would like to thank them for letting me do all of that in, and we could have been more prepared for the injuries that followed us."
"He will be the man behind the idea that so many of us are not healthy enough for a job."
"We live with the issues and the relationships we've built since being here but it's the things that drive us forward."
"A spokesman for the Education Department told BBC Radio Wales it would not comment until it had been approved by the board of selection and registration."
"He added:'When I was a kid I always lived off the welfare money from being stuck in traffic."
"It is a journey of about four hours, although you should still manage to get somewhere by a few degrees at the exit."
"There are also women and kids who have been from any of these communities for very long, and the culture at present doesn't recognise them."
"I'd like to think it's driven a bit by the reason I don't drink alcohol: I don't want to find out or get off,\" she says."
"The peak appeal for the giant will start as early as next year and run until June, but expect it to take 15 years for sale and \u00a3 20 billion worth of construction."
"After that moment, it was over, and he sat for a while in his family's living room, only to be told to watch the world through that window."
"Under Russian law, Putin cannot lead a single nation, let alone a single person, to impose a ban on doping."
"They have one or two good performances that they can take off their minds and get good shots around, so I think we're looking at improving with that against the same quality, quality opposition."
"David Cameron was just a short time into his term as prime minister, and he took something for granted."
"Because your relationship wasn't bad enough to make you happy, and you had to bear the burden of what you wanted to do with your life, I think your partner was right."
"For example, the alleged killer often describes himself or herself as an English man, or an Irish man, but a U- turn in the middle doesn't buy him any of his angry answers."
"\"This is a powerful verdict on Mrs Sturgeon's Brexit, which makes it more than a little disappointing that I was out of the Government's bench,\" he said."
"\"I decided to create a league to let people know how wonderful I am, because it's hard to beat an experienced woman,\" Ms Obama said."
"That will help advance digital rights- particularly the ones to music and television, rather than mobile phones or, indeed, text messages."
"Maybe it's time we started putting guys at the head of the basketball with a few new, more progressive options, or at least we did with the NBA."
"That's why he still holds a winning lead of about 9. 9 per cent compared with a poll last week."
"That's partly because of a need for services such as the NHS to be run \"within the law,\" she added."
"According to the new figure from the Interior Ministry, the workforce of 800, 000 was cut, but it made up around 80 percent of the city's population of 18 million."
"And as a result, more than 700 deaths- 2. 4 million more than the previous year- have been recorded, he says."
"I would probably have thrown them out of the house if he'd got a chance and then they wouldn't be there any longer."
"Of course, his staff told him, the actress was holding back her voice in order to lose a reaction, so he spent eight minutes thinking of this statement."
"If all around the world I had to do what I do in South America, I would be in the TV industry or in finance."
"I've seen him play at the beginning and the beginning of the tournament, it's not an easy tournament for him to play at this level."
"Despite rising rates of drug use, there's still little, if any, of the gender pay gap to be met."
"Kasich's numbers are the obvious favorite among the establishment's independent base-- and that's why we are about to face him."
"\"At the moment, I only want it to be because I'm interested in its result,\" she says."
"They didn't quite get in with it as we thought it was, as we struggled a bit more then, but we were brilliant throughout."
"\"I went through a big trauma because I thought I had given up a lot of the things I was used to,\" he told The Post on Monday."
"\"We are in a league that's really high [ in quality ] and hopefully we can keep that spirit in all the other teams that are coming forward,\" she said."
"We are now making the move to ask the new owners to let us trade them somewhere else for what they are still worth."
"The Belgian's ad breaks on Wednesday night, when it features a team bus driver who is alone with a young girl and offers the opportunity to leave her in a van."
"The second half, last month, we were in great form and I feel really happy about how our defense played."
"And on my flight home to my parents'homes, I remember feeling a cold, so I decided to check the title online."
"On Friday, a reporter took a moment to ask Rubio: \"What is it to tell people in the West that we are not like Russia?"
"In an interview with The Sunday Telegraph she said: \"I'm very aware of the fact that there are drugs coming into our country... I think there's a lot going on."
"Police have spoken to a 47- year- old man who died after a month- long battle with the bacteria."
"So if they want to take your last pictures, get a good perspective and, most of all, live up to the knowledge that you would have enjoyed them anyway."
"Russia said it expects a \"significant amount \"of Russian troops, Russian Defense Ministry figures show, citing data from Ukraine, where military cooperation in fighting elements has declined and Russian supplies of weapons have been cut."
"This is an all too familiar situation for players with further improvement to take, and if Liverpool ever get more involved in these issues."
"One year ago, the company's shares were trading roughly 20 percent higher at $ 78. 35, a 29 percent increase from the same time last year."
"They're not experts in Australia, they don't do very well and I'm a bit of a hold- back for them."
"As we speak, the people I spoke to and the people we talked to will be watching, listening and even trying to convince us we deserve what we got."
"There was also a 35 per cent increase in emergency calls coming in to 82 per cent, with one in five including emergency calls from domestic or public health reasons."
"I actually went to the resort and met some of the staff and how nice it was, that had been my dream for quite some time."
"I think the thing we learned from that is that no matter who is leading that team, you do that for your fans in the minority, you can make people feel good about you."
"It's good for children's health, it's good for school and it's good for all the children in this local town."
"She was the new woman in Australia and she can't believe you can drink off- duty and can still get for that."
"When he finds out that the police were breaking up his group of friends for a party, she says she is moved and puts her own books on him."
"Since the birth of our country in the 19th century, this nation has known and lived with its past."
"She gets the idea for part of the book with her girlfriend after she met his long- distance girlfriend and we were playing a game on Christmas morning."
"A report released in 2014 said among women voters more than half said their gender made them feel less secure, a question that continues to receive widespread attention."
"I know people will be really disappointed, but it is going to be a good test,\" he told the BBC Radio Wales \"s Rose programme on Wednesday."
"\"If the referendum results tell us the end of Northern Ireland then yes, I will vote for it,\" he said."
"Not only does a person not have to pay for their rental and it is provided free of charge for a year, but there is no guarantee it will take any more."
"The review found some (14 per cent), and 13 per cent, of the system failed to protect employees from abuse on demand."
"We are becoming self- taught today, as any free child should by now."
"He says he was killed when he was tried in 1993 as he approached his wife's bus in her new home, Kent."
"'They often try to get us in their homes and not realise the answer is about the level of police work they have to do in each incident, we usually get four or five hours."
"For example: \"I know my son will be coming home from work tomorrow morning, so I've given him the things he needs."
"Mrs Clinton said she was \"shocked and surprised \"when she was told by a former employee at the Clinton foundation that $ 11 million in payments would be going into her non- bank accounts."
"Kerry called on Russia and Syria for help in finding peace in Syria's civil war, adding that the Russian government should be held to account."
"More than 20 per cent of these are in Singapore, followed by the UK and France."
"An independent report by the watchdog said the hospitals already faced more risks than staff may be aware of."
"About three weeks ago, doctors decided they'd seen enough evidence to change the world, and now they don't seem to have much left to hope for."
"They made it all the way to their NBA debut this season when they dropped a playoff series against the Golden State Warriors after a 48- 0 loss."
"It's a strange alliance, it's not something that all women will think you can get through to be ready to compete in tennis."
"But could they be used at home, giving the games more space and time to spread the truth- about Syria in general, or in the care of smaller families where a taxi is required to pass through?"
"Just five months ago, as first lady, Mrs Clinton was reported to be suffering from a cloud of debt."
"At the summit this week, the Indian government had offered to help Brazil provide shelter to families fleeing war- torn Syria, if it could get a new director to address the issue."
"Asked about his stance, he said:'I want to reach for the very best as I have a lot of experience in this."
"For this reason, young women are prepared to accept the quality of a man in a relationship, if they have no other option."
"At the same time, investors have been very emotional about the developments surrounding the sale of the Leicester City headquarters as well as the winning of the 2012 Champions League."
"\"I was grateful for the fact that I came to catch my wife at a rural restaurant when her body was hanging from the glass."
"A Home Office spokesman said: \"Our duty of care is now being looked after by a Home Office vessel in port."
"This could be the first time the company has made such an announcement but even if the stock falls this year, it won't be the last."
"That interest- based promotion provides an opportunity for a higher level of management to choose the directors, instead of just letting you run the business and the shareholders."
"\"If your baby is already a girl, take her away from your teacher, you'll get a moral,\" he said."
"And as in 2008, Clinton isn't about deficits- she's about winning in every state that she visits in the months ahead."
"This is due to the safety of our staff at the event, and also because we know it is one of the best events I have ever been to."
"\"These are the kinds of issues I've been most critical of on the way to getting elected, so at times I've stood up and said I don't agree with everything they're saying,\" he said."
"She would have been fine with us having to do what we've been doing and that's pay to play."
"It feels like a pain to explain, but please don't think this is your family- it's a family."
"In total, the three incidents occurred between May 1 and April 28, but there have been no official figures for the number of people injured or the number of deaths."
"A second judge found that local prosecutors were simply not allowed to be on any criminal trial in the case."
"This more for fact check than to those of its own audience, and I think every one should get this message across to some honest source."
"What she's hearing on the show has been used to sell \"30 Rock \"to a wide audience."
"The White House hopeful, 43, cited the lack of affordable housing in Hawaii and struggled to make ends meet."
"Over a million people have taken to social media to express their frustration and outrage over the closure of EU schools."
"The Bank of England is making a push to stem the flow of money into its central bank to boost growth and interest rates."
"He was described as \"an experienced officer in duty and the best friend of Police Scotland \"after his wife turned up at the scene to pick him up."
"It wasn't always the case, the platform had definitely become something bigger and bigger-- people used to sit in the seats and watch TV."
"He is the first player to reach 30 goals and has scored five in each of the last six league matches."
"\"I'm not interested in doing this, so we'll have to wait and see,\" he says."
"We did very well in the last game of the season and we will win the big one next weekend."
"\"The budget cuts delivered by this Government were not particularly severe, but they are likely to lead to a larger amount of spending in schools,\" he said."
"If the share price moves at all, we can decide in confidence that one of our funds will grow in value- faster than expectations."
"Clinton is the same person, in fact: more accepting of the idea that we can't work together any more."
"I am very happy with the preparation we have and I don't want the players of Celtic to feel at their defeat."
"How do you make it look like a businessman who had a tax cut for a foundation he didn't even own?"
"A total of 15 employees were injured in the shooting, according to an Apple statement issued last week."
"The incident was the second in a week for New York, with police saying another driver crashed into a vehicle leaving a 28- year- old man seriously injured."
"\"The problem is now there are extremists- many of them of French background- and it is an increasing problem,\" he said."
"Trump, to name a few, spent several hours in the Oval Office in his father's absence, with Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton in place of Ronald Reagan."
"To top it all off, the UK's main hate crime watchdog is treating the story as an assault on freedom of expression."
"We are sitting here in New Hampshire where we have actually decided a man is the only real candidate."
"The S & P 500 rose over 2 per cent, gaining 1 basis point in a row."
"Trump is bringing in more money from Wall Street, even though it's been on the table for months."
"If he's not in it, he's not a killer,\" she told Reuters News Agency, according to Reuters."
"At least 10 buildings are being affected by the flooding and several homes have been evacuated across Sydney's west coast."
"But we want to give them an opportunity to play them and it is a problem that has been born in their heads."
"A 1- 2 touch play, for example, allows the team to run toward the outside or top of the box and the winner goes for the ball."
"Even though it may not be tomorrow and not even this week, when women go on stages to sell their products, they can still get through this."
"The form said the club was helping with a three- month legal case against the woman and it should be taken seriously."
"Her standing has fallen by 60 points since then, losing only once for the first time since 2012."
"'While we're at it, why do we say there's only two things in school, a good student and a bad student?"
"For very young people, or maybe even too young to attend college, they are not the best option because they are too scared of relationships."
"What struck me most when I saw a strange art exhibition was how much it could connect with my own culture."
"He wrote that to be \"determined to save the country,\" we had to \"suffer \"only from God."
"There will be dozens more at our clinic who can't bring their boys into the hospital and which will include fewer physical changes."
"Then, in January 2017, the boat set off from the village of Okeecad from Denmark in Norway and was driven through the traffic lights of the port."
"The state budget crisis will likely be behind us if Osborne is ever elected, but this is a case where all is not lost."
"I know that there are people in the world like to speak up because they believe there is a lot of work to be done."
"She warned her family that she had been caught up in what she viewed as a false victim- victim relationship between a man and her husband."
"Another, identified as 26- year- old Sarah, is still at large and faces ongoing violence from the Saudi government."
"That costs both their new home in England and their prospects in London, where they'll be staying for three years."
"When I play, it's for my eyes and a whole new world- with a city like Tokyo- now."
"But he's only heard some negative comments and still knows it's unlikely he'll be in a corner after the last state."
"I had put my mortgage on them, which meant I could not bring myself to be aggressive in asking for money from the government."
"But that also means that if you lost a kid to cancer in the past few years, the underlying treatment is virtually impossible to achieve in the present state."
"And what struck me at the end was, I've never really expected to say a couple of things like that."
"When I'm not raising money, then I don't spend my time on shows and I'm trying to keep the opportunity open to talk to an audience."
"Donald J. Trump will not put jobs at risk and he's on the path to change America, he said in the end."
"The developer looks at it and in about two minutes he opens the door and the guy finds us- I saw him not- so we shut him."
"I have said I was not happy with this result for both sides, they have been playing very well so it will go to a judge if they can win."
"There are plenty of people out there who have been paid well for the past 25 years and there are a lot of people who will not be paid well."
"At times, Twitter's approach has allowed citizens to force expression without even the permission of the federal authorities."
"I saw it in the dressing room, it looked like the whole world was watching it, so I knew we needed to put it on."
"The bank, which can send customers accounts that don't meet its aim, said on Wednesday that it was fully monitoring the decision."
"The loss means half of Britain's retail businesses will be effectively open, saving the Department for International Trade \u00a3 5 billion per year."
"The writer did not want to be pictured without a doctor- whether it was simply because he felt so vulnerable or because he had worked in the medical field."
"The unions and disability groups have been divided over the point of the issue, but critics say it is only part of a bigger issue."
"You think it's not going to happen every year- this year, you don't want to live until the next."
"And there are five more questions, as I'm sure the remaining ones, here and there in the news today."
"There is no doubt there is a fraud going on, but the police really need to get involved and bring charges."
"His campaign team also said Sunday that Donald J. Trump is the nominee of the Republican Party and that he will not participate in the next presidential debate."
"They say he acted without judgment and that he will return to court in March."
"By winning a half- dozen games during his career, he's been able to take an offense that wasn't even up to the standards at his time."
"'We did not feel it was appropriate at the time, but in a few years we have set up a collective practice and we hope to be able to offer our members something for free,' she said."
"\"All the young boys, if they want to go to Italy then why not?\"she said."
"In the UK alone the amount of plastic surgery out of work people go to isn't nearly enough to help the number of vulnerable people."
"But it won't stop people from driving, by itself, and several studies have shown it can help people quit smoking."
"\"This can't be achieved in a future deal with other European countries,\" it said, citing both the EU and Turkey."
"That's even being considered by a Green Party candidate: The party and education are both worried about long term effects."
"Even though I say I'm in the club when I hit the ball and the guy is already in position for the opening goal I would never be worried about him being in my way."
"All the countries we have been talking about-- Australia, the USA, the Philippines-- I'm not even talking about Cuba."
"Over the next 10 days, to target top 25 adults, it will target adults aged 30 to 55 and with above average pay."
"If you did, as my husband did, you would have to show your own DNA on your clothes so I can all see."
"In three separate incidents last month, the retailer said it paid 1. 5 million pounds in cash- out- of- pocket."
"This reason for this conflict will certainly come into conflict with our interests of co- operation and the peace process, in particular, this election."
"When you work a weekend, it's always going to be your weekend and it's the same regardless of what the weather is."
"The good news is, the ones I'm talking to are under pressure, and I hope a good deal is going to be set in the next couple of days."
"\"There's not a lot of people getting married in the season because of all of this effort,\" she said."
"\"There will be a massive shock which must happen to the survivors, one thousand years before they even start to arrive on Earth,\" she said."
"Mr Scott said: \"At any given time, 20, 000 animals are being left for shelter- we can handle it."
"According to a search of the Internet, the officials who carried out the arrests will be reported to be on the run and will be taken into custody at an airport police station."
"The Canadian dollar has held a six- week low, and does not pose a risk to trading if the pound continues to strengthen."
"It means workers will start paying more to do their jobs and less money to do other work."
"Because, the opponents believe, you can only win at home, as opposed to at home, since there's only three more minutes to play."
"To date, the aim of that experiment is to measure these groups'helicopacity, or the ability to reason and speak according to a set of rules."
"Many clubs and leaders were shocked when the negotiations went wrong and finally the children were allowed to go abroad."
"In the years since the global financial crisis, credit expansion has required big banks to reduce the amount of time they spend on digital apps."
"I must thank everyone who has been affected in this way and for the extraordinary support that I received from my wife, mother, boyfriend and sister."
"The deals'will form part of the government's plan to meet our commitment to deliver the best possible deal for our citizens."
"Every time I've turned the camera on, every time I feel a certain way in the shot, I want to say to myself, \"There's a purpose behind that."
"I'm trying to control my lifestyle, which is a struggle and, when I'm eating, I like to eat a lot more to control myself."
"I really love spending time with friends and everyone watching and enjoying things in a similar way to what I am going through now."
"Their first pitch came at the weekend, just before training started in order to prevent Celtic from scoring as they tried to maintain the lead."
"It is an opportunity that should not come along too often and it needs to be used now to understand and reflect on its potential impact on lives, families and our economy."
"He is not an average person and, like all Americans, he will have spent his life trying to fight for and defend the rule of law."
"As for the competition between Mr Trump and Hillary Clinton, she was part of the early calls after the first two campaigns dropped out."
"I think you have to see these games as special and special to see them, not just in Los Angeles, but across the country."
"More than 1, 500 people have been arrested in a series of attacks in Belgium in the past two months, the authorities said on Monday."
"After a couple of strikes, they say they'll find out if it's safe for her to go back into work."
"It was a lot easier at St. Louis, and I really would have liked to be a junior."
"\"He left \"if that was needed for \"but also \"took \"me,\" \"she explained."
"They do it because the players want to be out here fighting, so that's where we have to keep it down."
"This shows that the global refugee crisis is having a lot to do with the level of power politics will have in the next 10 years."
"If an account has been set up and secure, and you check your account once it is for no reason, it may be possible for you not to want to use it."
"\"Now, a growing number of customers are looking for a home in the house,\" said James, who makes lunch a regular part of his day's routine."
"The second- round draft pick has not played a football since late December, when he was forced to sit out a game due to his foot injury."
"\"Because we don't have to be here, at this point, we're not going to be there,\" he said."
"I don't want to repeat my words from last year because we've got something quite special to say about winning titles in these types of positions."
"By contrast, 58 percent of registered voters said they would vote for Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election in November."
"He will tell me where I can tell his opinion of what the future of football should be and just can't have an opinion about the same, or the next week or the next year or the next year."
"We were positive that, if someone could have potentially done that last year, I believe that we would have done it."
"His comments have sparked questions about whether he would be able to secure Cabinet employment from government, not just the House of Commons, but also the Cabinet Office."
"But in recent weeks there have been heavy police activity and many people have been detained, while more children have been infected with the virus."
"It was also hoped that his closest aides would hold meetings in a bid to get him to make more money by selling assets."
"\"The very foundation of our country is our freedom and from there it's simply to be able to do anything you want,\" Sanders said."
"But critics have pointed out that it could push economists \"borders on the fence,\" as in suggesting that the markets don't want their goods being paid for by foreign companies."
"We will be celebrating holidays and encouraging women to get their fitness back, so we're here to meet up."
"I believe it's only fair that, if I'm on an extension, I get paid for my time."
"I felt I was one of only three kids in school and nobody looked away from me, but as a whole I've become more secure."
"\"The idea that I'm going to lose, I think she should be back with me,\" the President told the New York Times."
"I know I should have been allowed in at the time but I just felt it was best to leave it."
"In the same survey last year there were 20. 7 per cent of people in England and Wales using the service for the first time."
"It's about looking after the children, families, the children's brother who will be playing a part in our future."
"She told reporters:'They didn't even know how serious this was going until they caught me."
"Earlier on Monday, the trade unions announced they will now seek to enter a contract with their members who cannot yet accept work contracts."
"Another professor, a guest speaker at the former chancellor's time, told the crowd: \"You've got to stick to the knife."
"More than 800, 000 people are believed to have been displaced, due to an oil and gas field in the same spot."
"I went to Mexico for the final day of work- I'd spent eight hours here by train- and I'd spent five hours here just with someone."
"All of the 50 delegates chosen at the end of March will be officially added to the early vote and will be announced on May 1."
"I wish the Sheriff of Westminster and those involved the very best in bringing my client to justice and am confident in the evidence they have been given."
"It'll be a \"well done race,\" \"how was it possible, what are the conditions, why are you here, why am I here, they don't even take words when they need them."
"But this is not a record that should have been made for him, no matter what the direction in which he was playing."
"It also suggested early on that doctors might benefit from data showing people actually did better after more treatment."
"\"There's no time like the present and I'm playing him every day,\" Parker said after the victory."
"Other key figures, including chief executive officers of major firms and ministers, on Monday were also in the running for a role, according to legal documents."
"\"I'm hoping someone comes to our door at a young age where there isn't a house so I can have a roof over my head,\" he said."
"The North Carolina senator told Fox News that he'll be meeting with the Trump campaign chairman in Trump Tower on Monday to decide whether he can support the billionaire businessman."
"I don't know if I was even there at the time, but it was a really long session and I thought I might be able to go but I didn't feel 100 per cent,\" she said."
"The company's latest net profit is a decline of 2 percent from the year- earlier loss and is down from the 3 percent profit from the same quarter last year."
"It added that rates needed to be raised this year after there was \"no immediate impact \"on our business."
"I've gotten it wrong, and I like the company a lot better than they did me."
"\"They told me I should wait until after dark and they said that the sound would affect my sleep as well,\" she said."
"But it's all about us, that's all there is to it, we are here, we are in the dressing room, we are playing or something like that."
"What was going on in the general election was not pretty and I think these issues are in the past when the candidate or the party goes too far,\" Clinton said."
"Both Bush and Trump have avoided the questions by taking only a minute and a half- to- a- half to interview them."
"It was a big blow to my family, because I knew how much I needed to do to make it through the transition."
"To create a lot of job security and reduce pressure on social workers we really need to raise standards."
"He is likely to challenge for the presidency in 2018, although polls suggest he would only make a \"hard \"call."
"According to one estimate, the peak rate of flooding could hit only for the five east coast cities of Los Angeles, San Francisco, Washington, D. C., Philadelphia, Chicago, Houston, Seattle, Chicago, Baltimore, Dallas and Phoenix."
"'It's not quite what we are hoping it will be, but it will give an inside- out view and not put your nose back into the car,' she said."
"Not only does this make your brain think it's doing things for the benefit of everyone around you, it helps the pain be passed on too."
"He's a big and powerful young man who is going to have challenges ahead and he needs to keep working hard to get back to his family."
"It was an experience I felt very proud of myself and I've been able to move forward in life and really carry on in my life with amazing success."
"With 100, 000 injuries and recovery projects in place, ministers said it is the right time to open up large- scale projects to lift children into school."
"She hasn't lived up to that kind of standard of attention that the 60, 000 people who attended the convention in Cleveland want."
"Earlier, she wrote to the Fed on the notion of accepting money in the event of a recession."
"There have been issues in recent years, but at this stage we have a governing council that's been looking at some of the things."
"Despite a wider survey finding that as many as 13% of EU citizens working in computer systems may not know what the EU has in common with a single market."
"I am not a lawyer, but I know as well as anyone that this law works,\" he added."
"And they're selling to European employees in Germany and Sweden, in both the highest and lowest- paid sectors."
"In a report issued today, the Institute of Economic Affairs says that 30% of low- paid workers in Wales have lost their jobs."
"His time at Alabama was particularly tough for him as he finished the season with a combined 16. 1 carries for 80 yards."
"I think we'll go right over the wall, maybe and then we will take off, and that will be a good way to kind of get off the ice."
"This was never the intent of Dr. Ford, but what he did make clear in his speech is that his opinion on the Iran deal may eventually lead to a new diplomatic relationship with the United States."
"The announcement comes as President Barack Obama has had the unprecedented opportunity to review executive actions and make his first recommendations to Congress."
"A: We thought that there would be a fair amount of preparation for those interviews, but none of the changes to process, hearing and opportunity guidelines."
"If he is taken off the board he will have his opportunity to challenge the board again for his place back."
"I know my voice is much better than some of the others, and we are still talking at work, not knowing what it will be like in seven years."
"\"I'm just doing what I have to do to win games, because every time I get there, I'm playing."
"\"If we are concerned, then we should ask them to stop, but obviously it is a very low price to pay to make sure we have something to eat,\" said a source."
"The company had been expecting to produce a handful of thousands of units during the launch, but the company's total could be closer to 1 million units."
"Our strategy is to show people why it's such a special place, what it is and where you should go to go there."
"When asked by a media- management staff member who he'd do for the role, he said: \"I would go for the manager, or the best manager in the world."
"After a 35- year career as a businessman and president of Disney International, Mr. Sanders became a man of few words."
"A 0. 1 percent rise is big enough to take down two stores on Wall Street, and four on Uber."
"On one hand, she said she felt safe, and \"he's not going to try to take this away."
"\"I think you want to be able to handle a position that doesn't represent you well, just before a game,\" he said."
"Now if I want to pull him over for a traffic ticket on a downtown road, I'm not going to stop there until he's taken care of and told me he's now dangerous."
"She said:'I didn't really want to have any children- I don't want one- but I felt I needed to protect them."
"A further two strikes are scheduled to be launched, the ministry said, although the initial hit is expected to last for around five minutes."
"If we can keep it here and at the top as many times as we need, then that's how it should be."
"Both children, aged five and 10, were found dead in the same flat in a rural area of the town."
"We're taking a look at it at a relatively young age- although we'll make sure we're teaching well."
"The report also noted that cities made in Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand have significantly lower levels of alcohol consumption, despite higher growth in health and education."
"But his place in that process must be considered and he must be connected to the club and, because he was not, it means he's in the final position."
"\"There are thousands of dollars worth of assets here in America and we can't get hold of the good ones,\" he said."
"The probe- currently in its final stages- will see the Scottish government recognise all 1, 800 houses where tourists might not be able to seek home."
"Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton appear to be arguing that this series of new polling shows them still with within three percentage points of their best performance in 2008."
"They had been married for nine months- the top junior could tell them there was no possibility of anything."
"I feel more confident, by the way, doing things this game, because I think if we get back to good, positive things, I will give a big performance."
"That sort of idea has its roots in the Communist Party- among its more senior leaders are a mass of youth."
"That happened in 2010 and again in 2015, when the company grew out of its original stake, which was sold."
"The people he's putting to work are just getting out there to win and hopefully they'll step up and come together and beat the crowds."
"After my husband was elected, I was shocked and didn't know what to do. so he said that I should go and stay with his family."
"Our biggest fear is that if we can't get them in the stage by the time it gets going they will be the winners and they won't be giving us enough information."
"The governor's trip to Belgium is expected to focus heavily on lifting the state's prison populations, and discussing the impact on the state budget as well as on social policy, government officials said."
"The results could affect those next races, in which ten- eighth is a far less robust pattern for the road course."
"A high level of scrutiny during the campaign, including by Republican officials and media, has made it difficult to reach the broad public."
"When I found out that I wasn't going to be able to apply it to my suit and it won't be there, I was determined to be a better artist."
"She added that the \"youngest member of staff \"would always be around her and there would be \"children \"there."
"Trump could send a message to those with whom the video may be sensitive, as he did in the lead- up to Super Tuesday."
"I had not seen him since at his request but last week he came out to my house and said he was fine, we went to the hospital and met his father."
"And every year you're going to pay a hell of a lot of money to see a golf course finish- a golf course is going to be called a golf course if you really want to go there."
"At home, it's difficult to do anything, and when you have kids, it can be difficult to play the game that you love."
"It's crucial that we show that we're playing to my people's expectations, which is what we're doing now."
"It is important for the government that those who fund it must make sure they don't break the spirit of the law."
"She has to be prepared not just for the job, but also how she'll be able to survive in this operation."
"He should get some rest, but for me this is another example of bringing life back to the field and that's how we're going to win games like we've done."
"\"It's not just about just fighting back against international terrorism, but also supporting it,\" the resident told AFP."
"I just know he knows all the things he has to tell us about the club and just has to get over it."
"It's incredibly, incredibly much easier if I just tell people I'm dying now and then, as it happened in the room, it was an outrage."
"I've had a blast as a husband, best friend and mother, and I can't wait to be putting on my new baby."
"We're talking about $ 1 billion, which was more or less like it and they're not producing at a level where they're selling something that's like something I had a chance to eat during that time."
"I don't need it now because I am used to living on a bank card and it is nice to live a comfortable lifestyle with no problems."
"Despite, she adds, the growth in drone technology, international law and sanctions over Iran, she's \"not going to let it put her head at ease."
"We keep everything on, it's hard to forget it was before we left in January last year."
"You've come into that club, we're a bit of a shame here, at least for a week because you have a lot of Premier League games already and we've played."
"I'm making an argument that this is the most dangerous time of the year and in our defense, there are serious consequences."
"But in December 2013 Mr Morgan said a string of attempted terrorist attacks across the country was a \"formal and extraordinary \"response."
"As the officer who shot Tom ran away after the incident, it wasn't clear if they were wounded or returned to the scene for treatment."
"So that could well be, before he even looks in the ballot, or more than once, if Cruz is still the Republican presidential nominee."
"If I walk through a door and look in a window and look out, I see them all covered in blood."
"He turned 30 in March and has stayed with the team since for some reasons."
"As a nation we need to give all in return for our freedom and continue to prepare us for the future,\" he added."
"Russia has been accused of backing both Al Qaeda and IS militants across eastern Ukraine and backed by the UK as part of a wider air campaign against militants."
"No, there is no question, even for the guy that was that good about opening up the EU to millions of people, the fact that he chose to run for office."
"She tells me her son's in a \"blue shirt \"and she has been unable to leave the house with him because he is playing with things."
"It's one thing to say- I think, I'd say- that if you want to look like a modern- day Hollywood star, you have to be that way."
"There were hundreds of supporters waiting to see a winner of the ballot who in the end voted to not vote at all, says Cameron."
"In a side- by- side debate on Monday evening, Mrs Cameron offered her own views on her plans to pursue trade deals with the 27 other major trading nations."
"\"The left really started to take centre stage again and suddenly the country seemed to be playing quite well,\" she says."
"I think it's so true that I think he's lost his world in it."
"They have some reason to believe they are performing so well in their native country but it's hard to see that if they are any of the above."
"The 11- year- old girl was with a man at the time, police have said, but there was no apparent threat to her life."
"The technique- which requires no professional knowledge of medical procedure- is still in use in schools and hospitals, for example in Australia, Europe, and Canada."
"A really nice game by him, he scored two runs and made it a 4- run, it's an extra opportunity."
"If the election has nothing to do with the question, the candidate who is most likely to win the most votes gets the most points."
"They then removed the two bodies and turned them over to the Swedish authorities, who then charged them with murder."
"Many care workers, including single mothers, have long suffered economic collapse, she said, adding that for most of them there had been no options to change."
"During the campaign, Trump repeatedly said that Mexico would pay for a wall on the US- Mexico border- if he becomes the nominee."
"In fact, we said,' No problem, the biggest problem of all is that we have to put ourselves in this time- zone,' and that is working."
"\"I wouldn't have mentioned it, but she had to agree to take his picture,\" he recalled."
"The Mexican press has been covering the interview, which took place on Saturday, but has yet to be seen online or at face value."
"Today, players are making decisions and on any given day, it is more difficult to compete with everyone."
"Once I was able to achieve it I put in a decision and it wasn't even a deadline thing- that was an interesting experience and made me realise I had made a difference."
"The crackdown came after a police officer was allegedly caught on surveillance footage making the arrest of a man he believed was a drug user."
"\"My way of seeing it... being here next year... it's been crazy and it's really amazing and people have been trying to keep me away from the club,\" he said."
"\"And I feel like I'm probably going to hurt him all the time, so I don't want to have him hurt,\" she said."
"It has the same bottom line as another non- English side which has been having an amazing season but did not earn much in the way of money."
"I wouldn't want to use them all at once, even if I had my own will to manage them."
"It also includes two buses each owned by three banks, which runs for 21 days and one for another 16 days each."
"It is up to officers to make their own decisions, but officers don't really feel the need to make this much informed choice."
"Clinton said Thursday that she believes the drug problem is not coming down the ticket as many as Democrats hoped."
"\"I had a bad day in the third shift and then at the next one it was a week,\" he said."
"\"Every time I looked at the decision sheet, there was every indication I was going to fail on a number of counts,\" he said."
"Those injuries cost him around \u00a3 2, 000 each and he went on to play in a few of England's four major teams."
"When she will give a speech next week to the British Medical Association's annual convention in London she will be particularly familiar with the rhetoric of far- right groups."
"On Tuesday we gave him a bonus of \u00a3 30, 000 so he could go to work, and two weeks later he was a money maker."
"\"I'm not taking away any golf course from the Melbourne Masters but I've got two options: The opportunities are here,\" said Williams."
"She said:'The CCTV footage [ of the break- in ] occurred in front of my house at the moment I was allegedly taken away."
"After a considerable amount of time, the patient had started to report to his doctor that he wasn't feeling well."
"On Thursday, the company has declined to say what it was taking from its file- sharing scandal, saying it will discuss the matter with prosecutors and the United Kingdom government."
"But in order to get into the space, you need a physical presence, the sort of life you know you can only see in space."
"Trump's advisers have said they expect him to keep his distance as he continues to focus on the race."
"\"What I don't want to do is allow people to be angry at me, because I would love to be a better president than Hillary Clinton,\" he told Fox News."
"It has a reputation for being highly effective on the red carpet but with more domestic abuse stories to go, there has been a feeling that this is not the image the body needs."
"The whole ball is in his court now as he's not interested in a whole new set of problems and is getting tired of being in there."
"However, he said his mother was not happy with the outcome- for years he thought that he was a poor father who did not realise his son was born as a boy."
"And then I'll speak to you in three weeks and decide if there is a public action at the Democratic National Convention."
"You can't get around on Saturday evening with a political announcement from someone so you must either stand at the bottom of the ticket or quit the show."
"He came back and sat with you and kind of showed your commitment, a guy that works really hard every day and still has a lot to say about the team."
"But they also know that if this campaign in America can achieve something, people will pay for it."
"This time, although it's the other day and it's good weather, I can see how that might be a challenge for them."
"\"I'm being told that I'm going to be given a choice between employment and promotion if I can't do that,\" she says."
