"The US economy grew at a 4. 1 per cent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2011, according to official data."
"The team tried a new approach to the food they had to fight off the virus and improve it, but ended up with a disappointing result."
"That's a good thing, because it's easier to have people around you, which is always good."
"Mr Cameron will be hoping to call an emergency meeting of the European Union Council to discuss a deal that would see it removed from the single market."
"And if I was lucky enough to play for the boys, maybe the chance to play in England in one of the best years would come back to me."
"We've got to be able to pick him up and see what he's going to do."
"\"This thing I put a foot on and I went to the bathroom, so I had a lot of people taking pictures,\" she told the court."
"I'd like to see a government approach to the work force and the identity of those people affected by an accident,\" he said."
"I'm still waiting for it to be really fresh but I guess we will see where it goes."
"The EU has had a difficult history of trying to impose its will on the rest of the world- and has left it no better than it was."
"They will also help with the inquiry's summer study of the care and treatment of young people."
"When I decided to start working there in 2008 it was a failure and I left myself out on the streets of the capital."
"There was a time when going to work might seem easy, and then having to travel and manage your finances can seem as though you're playing a video game."
"\"This is a very complex situation and I have some heavy items on my hands but they are still coming out,\" he said."
"It was the only place on Earth where a human could go and find anything from one to 20 in one day."
"His opponents will go up against every candidate who is so far ahead of them that it is difficult to watch it."
"The star said, \"There are still real concerns with Mr Abbott's departure and I think there are still legitimate concerns over him having to walk out."
"After a couple of months, it looked like there were a lot of people coming in."
"It is difficult to play so early in the season but the manager's not the one that gives me hope about the players and our group."
"But even after being taught by a medical school, I would never have signed up to their scheme because I wasn't prepared."
"What does it say about how people respond in situations like this that they might not actually know what's going on?"
"The latest figures also reveal that there is now only one border and one flow of migrants per day in the EU."
"\"The woman's daughter said that she was going through a bit of a panic attack,\" said one witness."
"This is a situation where you'd probably want to stick around to find out who you are,\" he said."
"It is currently ranked fifth in the world with more than 1 million members worldwide and is the only private company in the world that provides customer service."
"For example, in Spain the economy grew in line with global expectations during the final quarter of 2016 and continued to move in line with expectations."
"As I was reading that yesterday, I thought, \"This is the moment to get in the bedroom and tell my wife."
"\"If it's going to be something like this,\" he said in February, \"then you have to find a solution."
"We have many strong ties with both of those countries and in the past, there was much speculation that it was going to be tied up in the government."
"The number of black Americans voting in presidential primaries is down from nearly double the previous year, and the share of black Americans in Congress has fallen to about a quarter of white Americans."
"At the very least, it will be a good basis for any government to take the lead in building a robust economy."
"\"I would have never let him put me in harm's way, let alone kill me,\" he wrote."
"In this game, we had to get more and more motivated to play them in the first half, in the second half."
"The social media era has not yet arrived and there will be very little new information published in 2016 which could affect me personally."
"\"The country's coal industry is bigger than ever and needs energy, it needs water and it needs wind and solar,\" he said."
"\"He doesn't want to see us here as a team, he wants to see us as a club,\" a manager told the club's website."
"The last major migration from China, in 2009- China's economy has grown by more than two billion people."
"However, it has already been an hour since he returned to the field after a three- year absence from football, after which he has been suspended from the games he has played."
"\"This is a battle we'll win, I know that,\" he said after the game, which he had no impact on."
"If they're not on your website or in your family, then it's better to wait until you're using it."
"We got our back up in the first half and then just missed the opportunity to win that quarter."
"I wasn't surprised, but I am surprised when the managers don't speak to me and I speak to them only when I'm off the pitch."
"At this stage, no suspect has been arrested or taken to hospital, and no arrests have been made on any other suspect."
"I know you, I knew your parents, and I also knew your father, and they really didn't want me to be a role model for young girls."
"The Scottish Government is urging the Labour leadership to stop the party's \"out of touch \"backroom deals with Russia."
"I'm doing all I can to support my family... to support my son and his coaches."
"It is as if we have lived in the past and become more familiar with it in the present."
"\"In terms of the Brexit debate, I think it will be over fairly soon and I'm still in the process of looking at the plan,\" he said on Thursday."
"\"I was doing everything I could to not miss a chance to make an impact,\" he said."
"I had a cup in the back of my mind when I first read this and I quickly discovered that he was my son and, just like I'd seen him, I was happy for him to grow up to be like me."
"The four- year- old girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to a hospital in the city for treatment."
"We haven't had any competition this year, but it's a massive step to go and prove we can come back from this defeat and win back the crown."
"The pair, whom the family named after a difficult life at home, were jailed for life for their role in the murder."
"There was no physical contact between the men at the end of the video and they remain in custody at the Sheriff's Department."
"\"It's very complicated, and I do feel like I've had a bit of a shift in my treatment,\" she said."
"While I know it will not be easy, it is one of the best things for me to do and a big step."
"And we can only do so much, and that's what's really broken in Canada,\" he said."
"We have a role here, we are only here in the match we want to win and we have to make sure we win the game."
"If you're like me, you look to do everything in your power to look my best and do what I said to do."
"The real work will be done by the end of January, with both junior doctors and teachers coming out to work early."
"And, at the end of the day, he was the guy who was putting in the time and the effort."
"\"This report shows that in the six months after the announcement of this year's event, we are seeing a dramatic increase in the amount of people who don't attend."
"The third and final strike was at a funeral of a family whose son died a year ago."
"And the health ministry said it would review the practice of hosting migrant children in hotels where they could be brought into the country."
"It's about people who want to be in a position where they know their rights, can actually make a decision and they don't feel like they are fighting for everything."
"\"The Mexican- Americans are returning here and are going to support our American and Mexican voters and don't want to compromise,\" he said."
"What you're doing is a first- rate military contract and you're going to pay what you're getting on the wages and taxes."
"The family have sought compensation but are being prevented from selling the property for fear of their children being hurt."
"From day one, Hillary Clinton's campaign has played catch- up with the mainstream political establishment by supporting an anti- Bernie Sanders protest that went viral."
"After only 24 months of working in the studio, I realised this was not the case, and when I was finally able to work full time I went back to focusing on myself."
"The journey was more or less limited to 12 hours, starting in the last eight minutes, but the American journalist came back with a message."
"At the time he said he did not want to create any more problems for the F. C. C. \"there must be a better solution."
"The British Prime Minister has repeatedly called for the UK to accept the position of Europe's single market, and European officials have indicated that the UK would not be in favour of any agreement to reduce trade barriers."
"They were highly mobile and had several staff members that were inside the store at the time, including the person who had been seen in a video."
"I've got to be very careful about what I talk about to get the message across that's I'm doing a great job."
"'I always wanted to do it when I was at my local club and as soon as I got a call, I was so excited."
"But I don't think you have to be a top 10 player to win a gold medal."
"\"It's like a father or a mother trying to hold back,\" she says of her son, James."
"This was the case in this case, but it was only then that we came to know that the man who raped our two girls was the father of these young girls."
"The kids, who were 16 at the time, were playing with their friends in the early evening at the house."
"She's had her share of issues with the decision but she's always kept an open mind about the process she's involved in, so that's why I think she's really welcomed and supported in her time at Chelsea."
"This is the one thing that once I've played it a little bit more, and it's been great because it means a lot to me."
"The statement released by The Independent today said the UN's human rights chief, Ms May, was \"pleased \"that a meeting would be held in Geneva."
"On the road, we have lots of opportunities for the players to see us in action, and I'm delighted for those opportunities."
"He's a two- time All- Star, and the same could be said of every other rookie since."
"There are lots of games coming up this year which you could be a little surprised about, I think you should be,\" he said."
"The trade union was also concerned about the election results and the risks of loss of the event as it was being held in the city centre on the day of the EU referendum."
"After his Democratic vice presidential debate last year, Trump said he would raise taxes on the wealthy, promising to raise the federal minimum wage to $ 10. 25."
"Police say the victims'ages are not yet known, but the investigation is still under way."
"But at the moment there is no doubt that if he wants to be here he has to be very strong."
"In terms of school work, she said, she would enjoy the extra time, so she may decide to start her own business after her graduate degree."
"In August he sold the operation to German businessman and managing director of a UK tech company he'd previously been working for."
"But they are not our leaders, so we can't be defeated simply by being on the left."
"People generally say it's the dream job to do, but I think they'd have to spend quite a bit of time on the platform."
"He said in a statement: \"We have been taking a lot of information from the Scottish authorities, and are working with them to determine what happened."
"I think that's very significant when you think of the history of our university, because we're a very special institution."
"He is clearly not confident about his position on the single market, and so is Clinton, who has suggested he would wait to become president until after the election."
"\"The thing is, there are a lot of players on the pitch, we're in a tough position, the club is strong and I'm not concerned about that,\" he said."
"In the past year, they've been very patient with the process, and they've actually been very patient with the decision, and they've been very patient with what happened, but this is an opportunity to take a chance and hopefully, the"
"\"We have to ensure that we are following the advice that the Welsh Government has already given us, that we have reasonable evidence in support of that,\" he said."
"\"We are trying to find a way to move forward,\" he said, adding that \"people are being encouraged to come to the clinic."
"I am getting a lot of advice from doctors from New Zealand, Australia, New Zealand, so it would be great for me to know what I can do as an independent."
"They were trying to explain that, at least for now, there is a difference between the Trump campaign and the Hillary campaign."
"More than 1, 400 people have died in the past six months from the country's drug abuse crisis, a watchdog has said."
"I was just trying to get a feel for what to expect from the set, and it was like a win over not having the ball in your hands, especially when you are on fire."
"This is how I lived my life, for example, and the heart of the Australian dollar is the one part of your heart which is hard to leave, can't you see?"
"She said: \"We are here because there are so many wonderful members of the public and our thoughts are with them."
"If he can get off to a very good start, we'll be in a good place."
"He added: \"I'm from a private school and I've never really thought about the matter of social care."
"The researchers showed that it takes almost two weeks before the immune system can begin responding to the experience, and only two weeks after."
"No matter how close I am with the community, I feel more at ease with it, for it is all about me."
"It's about taking care of our basic needs, the way we do our daily business and get the most out of life."
"'My oldest child is a certain age so I just want to show everyone I love my family and be a part of it,' the 28- year- old said."
"She told the club she had been getting calls from a man saying they wanted to hire her to make money and she couldn't afford the rent."
"I got a call from a friend with something to say,' \"Good job,\" and got this email."
"I didn't think it would take off, and then we got contacted by a friend who said: \"You've got something to contribute to our own business."
"\"I don't have any stake in the outcome of the election,\" he added, adding that he expected the country to be \"full again \"and at least \"normal \"in the next parliament."
"It would be up to the consumer to decide where their head is heading and whether or not to go forward or back."
"He took his first steps towards the Senate, which he also plans to win, and it was already clear he had enormous support from the black community."
"If he gets over the border, it's going to be great for me, I'll know there's not a lot I haven't tried to help with."
"I had no idea he was back on tour and was happy to be back on tour after a long break so I couldn't really go on an emotional journey."
"For a good time like this, I feel really good about the whole thing, but you have to be competitive to go through these kids."
"Now, the only question for us is how much the club wants to retain his services, and the answer is that we are determined to stay."
"As the world's largest economy, China is already playing a dominant role in world affairs, particularly in Asia."
"\"We are doing the right thing by the British people, through Parliament and we will do what we can to support them,\" he added."
"\"There's a lot of good local teams and the players are saying they're disappointed because they didn't get the chance to play,\" said Smith."
"If you're not entirely sure of the results of the investigation, there are better options available now."
"But there is a different story here, because she seems to want to live her life as though it were entirely her own."
"You can't know what is in front of you and that is what we did here at the show."
"But I think that we all know that this will end up being the one place where we get the most needed resources."
"In just the last 12 months, almost one million people have been killed in violence across the country, according to the International Labour Organization."
"Trump's campaign manager, Roger Stone, said on Twitter that he wouldn't be voting for Trump because of his past endorsement."
"\"It's not in the way of my feeling for the games or for the people in the team who are trying to make life in the crowd better,\" he said."
"We're very excited to bring our clients to our new site and we look forward to growing their community and giving them a chance to experience our products."
"They should be used as a place to stay, if you've been a tourist for long enough and have got to come back."
"The mayor said the new measures would not affect the cash- flow or workers'rights, and that the company had \"no intention of doing business with a state government in China \"without approval."
"After a few years of moderate loss of contract, he was told to look at selling his stake in an emerging tech company."
"He said he was committed to her body- but didn't believe she could do anything but help her."
"There is a lot of work that goes on in the clinical setting to find ways to help patients and to keep them healthy."
"The original inquiry, written by the Ministry of Justice, was conducted by an inquiry panel in 2006, with a final report due by 2020."
"I'll look forward to the next five games and we'll see what happens next week."
"There's a lot of young, talented guys in the midfield, who we'd all like to play in the back four."
"I'll be able to play against anyone and I'm just going to prepare like every day, knowing I can play really well and help us win this game."
"We are just two weeks from the game against Celtic and we are still a tough game, so it is important we have that quality in front of us."
"Now, in the very near future, I feel very confident, and with my partners, that's what you'll find in England, which has been a real success."
"He also added that he thought he could be the one to take the case before a jury but would not talk about it."
"This means that, after all, we are a land of talent, but in the hands of a few we will be lost."
"In a separate development, Clinton used her speech at the Democratic National Convention to bring to the attention of the American people the stories of survivors who lost their lives."
"\"It's nice to have the space to make a work out of things but it was difficult for me to prepare myself for the next week,\" said Jones."
"We are not saying we are, we are saying we are not really saying that the other side is entitled to do things on their own."
"It seems that with the games we are playing and hopefully the year ahead we can be in the top four."
"I think I have been training really well and everything, but the problem is that I've not had to do any lifting."
"\"What happened, I guess, was that he started off the season and I really loved him and we both got to play a lot of games together,\" she said."
"But the funny thing is, I used to talk to her like a crazy girl, and there were times when I just couldn't help but be like she's wrong."
"\"We have to make sure we are not trying to take the people who come here and try to fill in the balance,\" he said."
"It's also an obvious one that any customer who is in need of the very same thing may not be able to afford."
"The family will then hold a public meeting, which will include a number of local residents, and at the end of the meeting, the Prime Minister will be asked to sign off on the deal."
"In a statement, the Ministry of Defence said it would, in effect, cut off all military supply to Libya."
"Since the mid- 1990s, the United Nations has been trying to establish a humanitarian zone along the Turkish- Syrian border."
"According to the government, they are also offered by non- government providers who will only pay them if they are free for 20 years."
"I got to know a lot more from the Premier League than I did at this level, so for me it's just a better chance for the club."
"The report warned that even as the average income growth rate had gone up, the unemployment rate fell from 4. 9 percent to 3. 9 percent."
"If you're going to have a lawsuit, you have to go to a court, and I don't think anyone should be forced to do that."
"There's no such thing as just a total lack of design: I prefer to think about life through pieces of art."
"She said she was \"shocked \"by the comment, but she felt it was the right thing to do."
"In Germany alone, there are 1. 9 million migrants, according to the EU, and around three million of them are estimated to have arrived in 2015."
"I'm sorry that I've taken up this and I'm angry that my son will get a life sentence."
"I would ask, how do we think about it, and if we have an opinion, how do we be a society in which people think about it?"
"All of the moves that I've made in terms of pushing back on things, and I don't want to do anything that could lead to an unfair advantage."
"This means the league- average annual league win has risen from \u00a3 42, 000 to \u00a3 53, 000, and the cup winner has risen from a \u00a3 60, 000 win to a \u00a3 62, 000 win."
"The plan is for independent doctors to be allowed to make decisions about the treatment of their patients, who will now be told they should be able to have their patients treated."
"He needs a better head on it than Clinton, who has long known that the first act of leadership on the job is the last act of leadership."
"No evidence at the inquest was presented that the proposed compensation package was cost- effective, the jury was told."
"It's a lot more about making the team, and getting into the points... so it's definitely an exciting game."
"My parents can't find a job because of that because they're full time workers, which makes no sense, especially for women, especially women who don't have a career."
"But it does not mean the majority of the team simply will not come.'When we got into this club we had one of our very best days last season."
"A health agency spokeswoman told The Local that it was not possible to share the latest study's findings with Health News."
"In a later interview with the Sunday Times, he claimed he wouldn't understand why Trump's supporters would want him as his running mate."
"It is also true that we are likely to see a much higher rate of injuries on buses and trains than they have in the past."
"I was introduced to him a couple of years ago, and I love the way he has been to me and my family."
"The money has come from the black market as many young black men have no choice but to take out loans to make them rich."
"I don't think she will be at that level for the long term because of the talent that we have around her and her depth of talent."
"Trump's comments came on the same day the Republican Party's top officials met with top Russian officials to discuss efforts to support the Trump campaign."
"By the end, nearly half of all migrants now will be over the age of 30, nearly double the number in 2010, and almost three times that number in 2014, the researchers said."
"According to the Labour Party's deputy leader, David Davis, if we get the support of the European Union, we will know very soon."
"The rally, expected on Thursday, would mark a turning point in the campaign by Mr Trump, who had said in a statement that he was seeking a \"new beginning \"in the U. S. than in Germany."
"If you can't pass it on to me, I'm not going to do it."
"There's nothing wrong with wanting to cut taxes, and Republicans and Democrats are pushing hard for a middle- class tax cut."
"I'm going to go out and play hard and win races, and that's what the boys are doing."
"The campaign said the group has previously released video interviews on its site, including one that had been filmed at the rally."
"But on the national level, the results are still disappointing, with the mood growing as the Liberal Democrats approach a second election in five years."
"This has led to the proposed system of a single server- level internet connection, which could be used for both a direct and a remote control basis."
"We couldn't live in a world of trust, in which an employee will just do their job without the knowledge of a potential employer."
"I felt like I had taken something that had gone wrong and that made me feel special and more comfortable, but I was happy with the decision to come to Australia."
"What he says he has done is there is a clear case for him to step down and say he no longer supports him."
"The EU was a failed system when it came to human rights and this isn't going away."
"I would say that's what we're dealing with right now- people running away from violence are now being stopped."
"All I did was tell him, \"You know, that was one of the big stories of my career, which is a major talking point for the Democratic Party right now."
"I've also said to people that I hope I am going to get them to, well, they know it, and I think it's just important for them to know it."
"\"I think the reality is the people have a duty to be up for it,\" he said, saying that he would not wish to hear complaints from students."
"The positive news is we know if we win today we can make it into a title race to see if we can get that in this week's race."
"\"It may take a while to get your hands around the real part,\" he said, adding that he would not be involved with the process until after the elections."
"\"It's a very fun way to set up your money, and a fun way to get a start in a new business,\" he added."
"At the conference, he said: \"There are more young women who are struggling than ever before, so you need to worry about that, or at least hope to worry that you're not being the only one."
"It was so sudden and sudden that it didn't take a rocket scientist long to make her very nervous."
"I would be really interested to hear what other people are saying about their football- related ideas, whether they agree or not."
"The boy's mother wrote to the school's chief executive, the girl's mother wrote to the school's chief executive and police said their son was not missing from the school."
"They also have a different set of policies, which makes it easier to choose what you want to use and how you will pay."
"In an earlier interview, she said she is still looking forward to the day- and- a- half operation she is due to have on Monday."
"At a recent conference he was urged to \"follow his heart,\" and discuss his plans for the year ahead."
"\"This guy had a really big heart and he was getting stronger and stronger and was helping the team win,\" said Wright."
"Mr. Trump also has been known to make some very controversial statements, and he'll be down in the U. S.oral polls this year."
"\"I've never had a problem with someone looking at me and saying, \"That's not your problem, you can't do that,\" \"she said."
"And let's not forget that the only time I was aware of it was during an emergency when I was out in the middle of traffic."
"As a result, roughly two- thirds of the men and one- fifth of the women reported feeling sexually frustrated or frustrated at their sexual encounter."
"The rules are based on the proportion of your garden that is or will be made of someone else's property."
"If you can't think of any good reason to let that grow, I'm sure you'll find one somewhere else."
"It has also faced criticism for its handling of non- migrant workers and for reporting on the illegal migration of Syrian refugees."
"Even in Scotland there is no official waiting list for them, so they are being taken by the agencies."
"It seems like the only way we're going to be able to maintain it is to simply have a larger police presence."
"If you don't play, you're not necessarily going to be able to get to 90 percent, if you can do it."
"But it also happens to have a direct impact on the outcome of the referendum, which will see voters go for a Leave vote."
"As in many other Western states, the government now has some of its own, but this doesn't mean it's suddenly easy to get the impression you're a democratic- liberal majority."
"The Australian dollar fell on Wednesday after the bank's chief executive said its future outlook was \"more positive \"than expected."
"He said the latest public safety review by the department's police chief found they were aware and could not provide details about the case without approval."
"I'm not talking about players like Chris Paul or Paul George, who're left behind as a result of the pro's."
"It is not a new idea that a female should be appointed as a member of the Scottish Parliament, but we should all have access to it."
"She said: \"I know there will be a crackdown on the New Year, but it will not be a surprise to see a crackdown on Christmas, and it is not a surprise to see something as rare as Christmas being a holiday."
"It's a lot like the physical side of the sport, but with a serious'to- be- announced about who the next president will be."
"The Scottish Government has called on the Scottish Government to issue a statement warning the future of the UK's relationship with the EU, following the vote in favour of leaving the EU."
"\"If you can get to $ 10, 000 you can make a more sustainable living,\" she said."
"I got a promotion and went to work as a chef and I am now in a job that will give me a lot more experience."
"The cost of the project, which would be worth around $ 2 billion in Los Angeles County, was $ 6 million, almost five times the project's original cost."
"The government has said it wants to address the issue of overseas students who are being offered high- profile jobs in its education systems."
"As we've already demonstrated on this programme, the focus is on real issues, not just a limited discussion of the big issues of our time."
"Mr. Johnson said he had seen a message about the city from a local family about how his son was fighting for his rights."
"A minister for energy and infrastructure, and a transport minister, would also be taking up residence at the convention."
"In a bid to address the concerns of the public and industry, the Government says its proposals will lead to fewer people from households and businesses."
"I was pretty much in the group two, I felt like I'd just lost it and I just wanted to play again."
"In the short term, and in order to manage a growing budget deficit, fiscal management must be able to keep the state budget up to the expected inflation levels."
"But if we don't spend money on the gym, how can we afford to run a house and develop kids?"
"If they aren't, then you're going to be lucky, but in the end we'll just have to settle for how we want to play."
"For more than a decade, those who decided to stay in Britain were let down by the fact that they had never met a British man."
"There were at least five other deaths in the building at the time of the shootings, but investigators said no further details were immediately available."
"The exit poll came out this week, but it's a big test for Rubio's chances of beating Trump in Iowa."
"When you're sitting down at the dinner table, you can never imagine that I've been eating too much or not enough at all."
"But what we're actually seeing is a rise in the number of people with diabetes, about half the decline we saw,\" Dr Williams said."
"The spokesman added: \"It is understood that there are plans in place to agree a new agreement for a period of 12 months."
"It's a joint venture between the city, Google and the state, a claim Google says the city has argued is unfair."
"That's the real reason we were able to get the one- million as we planned it, so to speak."
"\"I want to have a conversation with them and say how many people I've had friends, and what kind of impact that has had on my life,\" she said."
"If you have some responsibility to your doctor, that's up to you to make sure that your family can look after you as much as possible, especially if you're still in the process of getting a heart attack."
"On average, the number of people in Scotland who receive food assistance in the period between June and September was 28 per cent lower, compared to the same time last year."
"I felt quite certain that we were going to get another game against them, or two against them and then we could play them."
"All three boys had offered to stay in France for a few days, while the captain had told the French media he would do his best in training."
"The son of immigrants says he first moved to the US as a child in the 1970s, and by the age of 19, he knew his father had abandoned the country."
"It is only by going through what I have to do in a warm- up game and not having anything to do, that I can step up."
"He had an off night in Melbourne last week and his streak came to an end on Saturday night against the top team in the world."
"I don't know how you feel about that, but I think it's a huge honor for him."
"It's part of our role to protect the water rights of all Australians and if we get caught up in the problems then we will be the first to admit we're wrong."
"This was the current market which was trading around $ 4. 18 a barrel at the close of trading on Saturday."
"You can't come back with a winner and then not go out with a strong performance if it's not your fault."
"I don't think it's particularly surprising to hear so many people are so worried about these issues,\" he said."
"\"It wasn't a quality of life issue- I just felt like I had to do something about it,\" he said."
"In the poll, he didn't get a single negative response from Trump's primary voters-- not even a single one-- and no doubt his supporters will be very upset."
"The BBC reported that the company has agreed to pay a \"price \"of between $ 80 million and $ 200 million to the New York Times over alleged contract problems, including an internal board meeting."
"He made the major point that the two European partners, despite their differences, are friendly."
"The judge has not indicated what will be returned, but she said he could decide to make a final judgment on the case."
"It's better to be happy to put in the time and effort but no longer be the focus of the play."
"So if you really are planning on getting a seat in a private jet or an aircraft, then you are probably not in a good position."
"They're going to make some good decisions, so I'll take the lead, and I'll see what happens."
"The money could be used to help the British Red Cross, which provides people with healthcare in Bangladesh, or for other projects in Africa."
"While the research is not yet in its final form, the researchers say they expect it to be adopted into other types of food products."
"\"The truth is that if we were to be abused, we wouldn't want to know, but it does seem to have been a part of our life,\" she said."
"I think that's something to be encouraged in that you want to win and develop the group, which, you know, it's not all about players."
"This is for some reason my face is not on screen, this is the first time they have done this."
"So that makes sense, but not everyone is like that: maybe a little less than everyone else, and he's still a little bit of a dark horse."
"\"A lot of people may not realize, but there is a gap between what you are going to get for your money,\" he said."
"The bank will operate in the United States as a credit institution that serves customers overseas and is therefore subject to US and federal laws."
"And I think for her there's definitely a question that's going to be raised about how to conduct business effectively in a diverse environment."
"I'm just working hard and trying to stay at home but I'm not in any doubt I'm going to play for the club and I'm going to try to win every game for me."
"He feels his position as president is no longer his main concern- the business community will not support him."
"\"I don't think it's clear that can be implemented,\" he said, \"because it is difficult to know what that means for the long- term future."
"They had driven to work around 9. 30pm, arriving at the wheel at 12. 15pm and hitting a man outside a nearby restaurant."
"A black man thought to be a police officer opened fire at a police officer in north London earlier this month, while another black man was shot and killed in the same incident."
"The city, which houses more than 30, 000 people, is under a state of emergency due to the flooding and the lack of food."
"I'm not even the first time I've given up an opportunity to make an impact, so thank you for being here."
"He told the hearing he was a self- employed truck driver and he would regularly pick up and deliver a product to the company's London office."
"\"The system is used by at least half of the world's population, with billions of people worldwide,\" said an internal research paper, presented at the International Congress on Social and Economic Rights in Beijing."
"If I go back in the competition and play another four- day tournament I'll be fine, I think that's the reason."
"\"I'd be a little more disappointed if I didn't get a chance to play against them,\" he said."
"You know, I went down with him because I felt I could push him to the floor and I could control him."
"The experience taught me that whatever happens in this world will be different, so if you can go out there and achieve something, then what better place to do it?"
"'We have to give him a little bit of space to get comfortable, so he'll get better."
"The Taliban is now sitting on a six- year-old girl's body, they claim, but not in a big way, and is not even trying to stop the killings."
"The largest pieces of the retail industry were due to come out during a strike in October 2015 but this could not be further from the truth."
"She was fine and I'm not going to get a bottle of wine, either,\" she said."
"He came into the game, and we played well, but we were a bit late on the trail of that, so that was one thing that made us struggle."
"The three- year process was the subject of an article in the British Medical Journal, the paper said."
"They are calling for an end to child detention and a reduction in the number of people being detained at sea."
"She and her boyfriend left the island to find the shop and made their way to Argentina where she and her husband stayed."
"They say they were the last to see a single cell spread between two different countries and were waiting for help when the virus started moving in the area."
"And then when you get a good win over a good team and it's gone like that you don't feel anything in your body."
"\"He gets in front of me every single time I'm on the ground and he's got the goal- of knowing that he can make a difference,\" she said."
"The poll also found that 61 percent of registered voters, including 38 percent who said they were registered to vote, said they are more likely to support Trump."
"\"We tried to stay calm and will not do this kind of thing again,\" he said."
"He said:'At first I was like OK, but I thought that wouldn't work because I don't want to be isolated, I want to have an identity."
"For the first time in over a century, a boy can have a legitimate vote in the Supreme Court."
"To some that means standing up for people- whether they've got a problem or not- whom they see as the defender of the rights of minority groups."
"I do like the fact that he has not faced closure from the world after these four years."
"You get a chance to speak in a room full of people who know who you are and they can choose you based on your sexual history, gender and education."
"The Spurs have earned an early win in their history, they had won four straight for the first time in franchise history."
"It was the most significant result since June 2010 when China launched a U- turn against the currency by raising its benchmark for dollars, the official Xinhua news agency said on Friday."
"All I've ever known about my race is that when you don't have a race in mind, you can never really make it very interesting."
"We all have a responsibility to ask: What are the conditions in which you must treat these people in any way that has any effect on you?"
"The Philippines on Thursday marked the first time in more than a year that the country has scheduled annual economic development events in the face of intense fighting in the country."
"He has been among the most critical critics of Mr. Obama over the economy and the Department of Justice for his handling of the war in Yemen."
"The officer said there were multiple witnesses to the encounter, including the man's son who was unable to leave the park and his wife, who has a 2- year- old son."
"\"I have to be very careful, because I've made a lot of mistakes,\" Sanders said at the rally."
"This is why I love our team and I am so excited about the opportunity for them to be there."
"We will have a \"going- to \"list on offer for everyone to shop for when it comes to the final 25 hours."
"As for her own fashion, the 31- year- old said that she has spent her free time on Instagram, sending some of her favourite pieces to her."
"The company has previously said the majority of its equipment comes from renewable sources, a statement which should lead to a reduction in its oil consumption."
"'One of the reasons that we're doing it is because the club didn't want it to be a date night for a non- official."
"I know they have good men and women but I didn't see them during the campaign, never, never look at them again."
"It also included a wish list, which can be reviewed on its website, for information about the program, its technologies and services."
"\"We are going to have to put up with our behaviour in the heat of the moment for the next couple of weeks,\" he said."
"Although, more likely, we'd all like to know what we'd be voting for ; and if we'd just vote for our favourite."
"She won't even tell her husband if she can afford to spend more money on his education because he's entitled to do as he likes."
"To become a full- time employee or graduate would require at least one full- time job with at least a 10 per cent wage rise."
"Despite all the jobs that have been lost, thousands of those who work there continue to work there- many of them at local centres."
"Although nearly one- fifth of all U. S. cars are now equipped with a high- speed camera, one in five cars today are not."
"I'm definitely looking forward to taking part in the Australian Open, but if I'm going to go out there I want to win it."
"And then they say they won't be able to protect their fans and get their fans from here, and we have to explain to them why."
"He is going to be the president of the United States, and if he is elected, as a result of what he has done, it's going to be a very bad thing."
"He also made it clear that it would be his job to build a building programme that provides the skills needed to fill in those positions."
"'It's been a massive response to the reports but it's a lot of people that will die,' he said."
"The first day, at 6 p. m., the three arrests in custody were made by various officers, according to the report."
"Two officials said the US air force was searching for a possible oil well explosion and they are providing air support to the search operations."
"Now he is the best for one or two games and that's the problem, he didn't get over- rated to our guy."
"We would like to put that in a sense of the love of our customers, who love having people they can trust and get to know as quickly as possible."
"The internet giant's controversial plans to set up a single- market free- market system for its users have now come under heavy scrutiny."
"And then the first time I went on holiday there was a major hit and I didn't get the chance to work with them."
"In 2007, it set up a campaign urging voters to give $ 5, 500 to President Barack Obama and $ 25, 000 to Clinton."
"They (the U. S.) want to win, and that means that it's going to be difficult for them."
"\"He'll be available soon so it's going to be really good,\" Jackson said."
"He is also so into it and he thinks it is worth spending time on the phone every day so that his mate can see him."
"\"This season is a different challenge and I'm looking forward to it,\" Williams said."
"You'd be lucky if you were always going to be alone- but then you'd just come back from training and you'd look at your house and you'd get up and go."
"She is in the planning stages so we are really working on a show for you today which we have always done."
"But experts, such as those in China, have warned that the actual physical distance of such a space station could easily be a mystery."
"As he did for a few months back, Jackson became a suspect at the United Nations in New York this month."
"She urged the private sector to take the lead and spread \"knowledge \"about the company's aims."
"The end result is that women have a higher proportion of shares in companies that offer this service, and as a result companies are also investing more into this service."
"A victim of a violent sexual assault at a Sydney school has spoken of the fear that his experiences had caused him."
"So I am sure that we will be able to come to a deal that is not only the right deal for our country but also for the world."
"\"This is another poll that puts the pressure on Trump and Cruz,\" an adviser to Mr. Miller said."
"But he is the leader of an important coalition party and has won elections many times in the past with an anti- left stance."
"He said: \"In our current environment the job of helping the consumer is to seek out their most urgent needs and then see what they want, using a different language."
"I've always known that the boys wanted to play with me but they asked me what I wanted and I couldn't say that."
"I don't have to sit down and write anything and hope it doesn't turn into a case of, \"This isn't right, this is wrong."
"This has been a lot of work by me- to develop some characters that I think have deep ideas and lives to live, and hopefully they will see the light of day."
"We've never had a better, stronger generation of golf fans in our history than this one."
"And we understand that sometimes an injury can come and go, but when you play well and play really well and you get one down you've got a chance to get one back."
"The latest numbers show a 6. 3 per cent fall in the number of migrants and asylum seekers arriving in Italy on its borders."
"I will continue to spend as much as I possibly can on the Premier League, and we are all very excited for this week."
"If they had been on stage during the week, there would have been more debate, and we are not seeing that right now."
"It's just about me, and if I do win a major, I will feel I'm really good to go, and that is very important for me."
"The band, whose son Chris and his wife, Michelle, will be in Paris this weekend, have not yet played in Syria."
"The measure's supporters say it would allow more people to pay their bills at home, while opponents say it would lead to higher prices at the border."
"Last year it was reported that they dropped from 6. 7 per cent to 4 per cent in the financial year ending in September."
"I always tell people that I do all that and go out and watch it and play, and I'll be back at it every time."
"It was my goal to represent the company and I had to come from a very different background, which was different than I would have ever been."
"\"I will say that when we take responsibility for a failure, we will take action and that will be good for the country and for the environment,\" he said."
"The less than 11 percent rise in unemployment before the financial crisis appears to be an important driver of inflation, according to a Reuters survey."
"I didn't know what was going to happen if I didn't win this year and all of a sudden it seemed like there was a chance."
"It is clear that he is a man of his word, and when it comes to the questions, he's always ready to go."
"For instance, the researchers said the major focus on the soul should help us reflect on and process the experience."
"They often show a very warm love and understanding of each other and are able to speak out against most forms of abuse."
"'You must be able to get that down if you're going to be able to walk, which for a first- time- driver is an ability,' she said."
"All over the country, the Democratic Party is working to defeat Donald Trump, a former reality TV star who has tried to shut down the party's most prominent white working class leader."
"The 27- year- old was fighting the virus for more than five years and had been in contact with others in the group who tried to get pregnant."
"They are \"a struggle to win and I believe that we will win,\" he said in a statement released after the meeting."
"One (and still more than most) of his staff members quit over the issue, he said."
"I'm sure I'll have my eyes on the ball and I'm sure going forward I will be able to take the ball away."
"But it's important to remember that the question you're asking is that of the agency in which you work."
"On the same day, I was walking down the street, and I'm like, What the hell is wrong with me?"
"The executive director said the chancellor would have to make a decision at the next meeting of the Treasury board next week if Britain wants to remain a member."
"\"We're still going to be at a level that we weren't going to,\" the team said during a conference call with analysts."
"'We are very lucky that the family and friends have given us a boost- there's a lot of people to come and drink with."
"Trump's biggest problem is that he cannot figure out how to handle China, which is one of the world's biggest trading partners."
"A police spokesman told The Independent that they had responded to a call about a \"serious incident involving a 12- year- old girl \"and were not initially contacted."
"And as a reporter, the road to getting to the papers is sometimes a bit rough, especially when you're covering something with a much wider audience."
"The opportunity that we got to play with that and also have a couple of games next season as well, and in three days time it's fantastic."
"It's really down to us to try to hold out the weekend, and hopefully we can come back and enjoy the experience."
"I'd go down and find him if I saw anything, he's been looking for me all this time."
"When asked why they felt they had been targeted, they explained that they were working towards a partnership with a company that would offer a service."
"One year ago we were going to win a championship and now we're in this position."
"But despite all that this writer and activist focused his career on the social issues and the financial issues of the day."
"But when we put in a penalty, it's clear it was a penalty, and we didn't stop the players."
"I was asked if I could join a charity which provides mental health services and I said it would be a great idea."
"It doesn't matter where they come from, they are not going to make a big deal out of it because I know they will."
"The U. S. State Department issued a statement saying there is no evidence to suggest that any American officials were involved in any attempt to influence the outcome of the November 2016 presidential election."
"She said:'The police were always the first to arrive and we didn't know how much they were doing."
"After all the going, they are just looking for work, so they leave the place and go and rent a place in the city."
"The poll found Trump's approval rating is up from an eight- point peak in February, when it was down 30 points."
"The U. S., Russia and Iran have not declared war on each other, and the U. S.- Iranian military alliance has launched an air campaign against the Islamic State."
"They even said that Sanders \"makes America great again,\" which was a big lie."
"The base also has a large part to play in preventing a repeat of the same incidents in which a number of people died."
"If you're thinking about getting a mortgage and a car, don't make the mistake of focusing on \"big \"things."
"\"We're in a period of transition and we have to do more research and design of this legislation to make sure we put the right elements on the product,\" she said."
"The group has been demanding a government \"full consultation \"to get a formal vote on the legislation, but they have yet to receive a response."
"There will be no more tax free powers in England, as the market is too complicated to go back and increase the amount of powers we have already."
"Our research in this area is very preliminary, but it is a thought which can be checked before any major project."
"But I also know that if you come out here and you stick it in your mouth, it doesn't matter."
"I think that's the lowest I have come up with, but he's making an effort to keep a low profile."
"There is some joy in her story and if you see her on television you will recognise it immediately."
"The document said that after the report was made public, the government also started making changes to the rules to stop false accusations being thrown at the police."
"And you need an experienced staff to be able to get those things done and we've got people in place who can."
"The Greek government has publicly claimed there is no \"new \"number of migrants, but experts believe it is far from certain."
"She added that she had followed a police officer, a friend of the father, for years and would come to her home to check on him."
"For some children, the procedure is entirely hidden in the procedure document, so anyone who wants to join could do it, but those who are not convinced are still free to choose to stay at home."
"A private sector source with knowledge of the matter told Reuters: \"The Public Health Service (PHS) has not been informed of it."
"If you don't trust the person you want to trust and you're the one who needs the care in the future, then that's fine."
"They've got a career in it and they need to know where we're at, what we're capable of, and I think that's what we did tonight."
"I think he's a great leader and everybody knows that he's doing well in the horse- race."
"He has been known to spend time with the outside world, and the chances are good that he's happy here."
"It also said it had received a \u00a3 3. 5 million grant for the site to make it a \"normal \"location."
"\"The ones that I missed out on, the ones I thought were going to win, will be tough,\" the 56- year- old told BBC Sport."
"People have to be prepared, it is not just one day, or two days, or even three days, because it can affect their performance."
"The document also notes that Trump told a Russian ally that if he is elected president, he wants to make Russia a nuclear power."
"When I met him, I thought he had a little bit of that attitude to it, but he was not."
"His injury is yet another factor that will be used as an argument for something to change."
"Trump has refused to back away from his pledge to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border to keep out illegal immigrants."
"The eight suspects were arrested early on Sunday after a lengthy search of a car in the town of South Perth."
"To get access to this information, all I need to do is contact my agent, who can forward it to a friend or family member."
"I've only spoken to them privately in recent days and it's important that we have contact with them."
"I know my dad is proud of me, he used to keep it in his pocket- this is a family event."
"In an interview with Reuters, the department said it was working on a new project to deal with the issue."
"We've got a good squad, we've got a strong squad and we can get back to normal."
"It is also running on television for the first time, and with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull urging it to look more like a business."
"The decision on whether to fund the plane's replacement has been delayed by an administration review into what aircraft would have to be replaced."
"The meeting will be watched closely in the US, where prominent Democratic lawmakers have pledged to block the bill."
"\"I just really enjoyed myself as a person... I like my voice to be different, I like to be someone with a voice that's big and strong,\" she said."
"The Kremlin had hoped for an official response, but it wasn't there and so the protesters turned their attention to the police."
"In the book, he shares a specific instance in which he meets a bad guy and then has to answer a lot of questions."
"\"It's really important that people understand that you need to be informed before you travel so that you are prepared for the risk,\" she said."
"There is a sense that the patient, who has been identified as young, is trying to find out what happened."
"She's been in and out of the media in every other capacity, and you can see why she was so important in the game."
"\"The rate at which we can be sure we are receiving help is way down, so it's not clear where there is going to be any funding, because the burden is on everybody,\" she added."
"We look forward to working together to help our customers be more informed about what information they need and are better able to make informed decisions about where to access the services they need."
"According to the health ministry, the young adults say they have to sit on a chair for three hours a day for at least 24 hours, a maximum of six months."
"It can make you feel guilty for leaving it for that long, to be able to think about it later in life."
"The lack of tax data is a significant sign of scale, especially since many major economies have reached the point of no return."
"But I'd like to make it clear, I am not going to make people feel so guilty and not to do that."
"But even though they're expecting it, it will come first, and it's certainly a very good environment for us."
"The company said it had put more than $ 500 million into its mobile advertising business since it took over the top spot last year."
"\"I want to set my career goals low, and continue to work towards them while remaining focused and positive,\" she wrote on Twitter."
"By the end of the day, however, he knew nothing- no one, nobody- other than his own family would understand what had happened."
"The company raised $ 6. 5 billion in the second quarter of 2015, its biggest single- quarter ever."
"This past month, Trump took to Twitter to dispute what he said were statistics that show he hasn't made a lot of progress on the major issues."
"She argued, in part, that the Prime Minister's visit to London was the result of a deal struck at the EU summit last year."
"I haven't seen any improvement in my physical skills as a result of coming back."
"\"We had some quite bad days, and there's no doubt it was because we were away from home,\" she told the ABC's Today program."
"It took us four years, $ 1. 4 billion to build, and I think people will be upset that this one is in the water."
"When you see them go to war with one another, how do you know who is going to survive?"
"Now, according to Bloomberg, the company is hoping to hit an all- time high of $ 16 million for the first three months of 2016."
"\"It's not clear whether they had to wait for their own decision and we were told to wait for the media to take a look at what we were doing,\" he said."
"I'm sure it's going to go down in history as the most amazing album ever made."
"Just because it's a holiday weekend doesn't mean you don't want to give away something for free."
"\"When people are looking for work, the best time to get the job done is when the work is done in an hour,\" she said."
"\"We've been talking for years about the next four years, just how we get there,\" she said."
"The lack of competition among agents can be seen in all sorts of ways, and the difference between a manager and a player may not matter much."
"But what we have to do is we have to pay attention to the fact that this guy has been in jail for more than half a century."
"And the strength of the polls shows the people who aren't Trump supporters aren't going to be Republicans very long."
"\"It's not like having to fight that you can't do all the things you want to do,\" he said."
"\"I got my neck in the sand, and I couldn't get my hands off the tree and I couldn't do it,\" said one boy, aged eight."
"To be able to participate in the US Open in Rio, you have to be able to play the right way, and we have to respect that."
"It is not a collection of actors, but rather someone's process of producing their own music."
"It's one of the fastest- growing technologies in the company's history, and in the last year alone it has built more than 2, 500 products."
"You can see it in the air above the snow, like when the streets are covered with snow and you have to keep your eyes open."
"\"She probably has been taken away from her friends and family, but this is a murder investigation,\" she said."
"We felt like we were going to get stopped by someone, which probably wasn't the case,\" he said."
"However, he believes his team need to improve in order to face their opponents."
"\"We believe that this is part of the reason why it can be so difficult for women to find work after their baby is born,\" she said."
"You need to know you're going to get kicked out if you don't have an agreement with your partner or your colleagues."
"He is actually the candidate that Republicans are trying to get off the platform that many Republicans are trying to deliver."
"At the same time, it will be a time when you see what kind of people you'll meet through Google, through Twitter and through email."
"When I had my girl, she was so scared and it was like I was going to die."
"\"I don't know if it's life or death,\" he told the BBC \"but I'm not going anywhere."
"\"There is an increase in the number of those who go into the streets, not because they are violent, but because they are connected to us,\" he said."
"\"She could have made it up a bit and let me know, but we'll see,\" he said."
"It is always great to see what people think about us, but we've only seen so much of ourselves."
"For the past 12 months, the bank has allowed customers to buy up to $ 100, 000 in shares from Wall Street as a bonus."
"\"You are not going to allow me to say that I'm against accepting responsibility for the events of Syria,\" he told news. com. au."
"And I think the Canadian people are angry and a lot of the debt they're using is to help them get out of it."
"That approach was so successful that he was elected to a six- year term in his youth and appointed chief executive, executive vice- chief executive and general manager in 2001."
"But the document also revealed that for the first time the president of the Republic was a member of the Council of Economic Commission."
"\"The situation that we're in today is not as bad as we were in the past,\" said Campbell."
"The way I worked with him and what I found out later, I think it was pretty cool because I was playing for him."
"He's one of the last people I can think of who is going to get paid a bit of money in return for a part- time job."
"\"I didn't know how to do it, so I came in and I said I'm going to play professional soccer,\" he said."
"The report said that an average of 20, 000 people were affected and a further 13, 000 were killed in the attacks."
"There is a very important duty on an individual, where you pay the price for not doing your duty, and you should not leave the country."
"It's also important to remember that- when considering an independent candidate- you're considering the vote against you, not against the candidate you're voting for."
"She said:'I can't be accused of not making sure I was drinking enough to go along."
"It's because the less I had to do it, the more I was able to earn on the field for me and my family."
"I had a fantastic run in the track and we had a fantastic weekend at the start, but I just wanted to get back in there and get back into it."
"The charity's director, Sarah Brown, said it would never consider offering a benefit at a benefit bar in the future."
"He said that the government was committed to continuing the fight against drugs in South Africa despite the fact the country's current problem has been spread through industry."
"And I want to give a personal thanks to all the friends and family that have been supporting me throughout this process and I'll be forever grateful."
"I'm not quite sure what my voting choices will be in November, but I'm confident in my belief that Democrats and Republicans will win the White House on the same day."
"To be able to do that is a real honour to me, to play in the Olympics and that's something that I wouldn't want to go down."
"As long as I don't have to worry about it because he's not going to be anywhere near me."
"He was asked whether he is a Democrat and says he's not, but he wasn't surprised by the support."
"The group is calling on a chief executive to give the bank a clean cut and that it will apply to be placed into the European Union."
"With people sitting on the floor, they are dying because of this and the pain and anger that we live in."
"The four- year- old boy's mother, aged 44, said she couldn't bear to put her son through the pain."
"The main question is whether there is any real possibility of a record price for the drug as it is in some way competitive with existing treatments."
"These voters who were given options were more likely to make a choice than others who were selected at the top, the researchers found."
"We were forced to get out of their village, and to leave the village and set fire to it because the family wanted us to be together and do our best for the village."
"She said her husband was a customer and that he knew the couple was from a similar place but didn't know them."
"I had a good look at them and I said, \"Well, they look a lot like dogs,\" because they're on display in the market."
"They told me they hadn't seen a woman before, but that she and I wanted to talk about it."
"\"We saw this last week that we had a number of injuries, so that is all we will be looking at going forward,\" he said."
"'I don't know why people would stay away from an NHS facility for their children,' he said."
"I think all the players deserve to do that and I don't see this being a waste, but the whole situation is much more complicated."
"In August, the Government said it would step up funding for an expert witness- who would also have to answer to a human rights court- at a hearing for the case, which is due to be heard by the High Court next month."
"It's going to be difficult for us to be in a position where we can trust our field- leader to deliver what he wants to deliver and we must believe in him."
"The 41- year- old from North Carolina has not yet played a regular season game for the Giants since moving to Atlanta in 2012."
"We did not seek the opportunity to attend the meetings, and we had to go on public holiday."
"There's no other way to describe it: it's a sign of what you need to look for to win."
"There are two more female players now but it will be the first time a player from a US team is being named the champion."
"But how many of the more than 60, 000 victims of violence and abuse committed by parents of children in schools have already been brought to justice?"
"According to a 2011 poll by ABC News, about half of American voters don't want the next president to be someone who would cut down on regulations."
"In New York on Wednesday, Mr. Obama will visit a small number of business leaders who are expected to discuss how to win back business."
"It's hard to convince anyone that this is just a big bad idea ; not because of the risks, of course, but because of the opportunity cost."
"He was trying to make sense of all of this that no one else was even thinking about."
"\"But it's easier for me to just go back to my normal life- how do you know your life is good?\"she said."
"'I didn't see her that night- I didn't know she was still there when I met her and she's gone."
"I am expecting that the commission will sit down with the president and ask him how he will impact the world economy."
"While members of the press can be accused of posting personal information online, members of the public can also be accused of a crime if they post sensitive information online."
"\"It was my first experience of doing it myself but that was because I thought it would make me less offensive,\" he says."
"To the \"good \"people of Scotland, I ask you to sign a letter saying your heart needs a second chance."
"He's with us this week, so it's great to be on the field, so everyone can see what he's doing."
"The group's executive director, who requested the documents, said that for a corporate and business owner to see such a long list of documents was unusual."
"A panel of people who were mostly men and women will meet on 17 December to decide whether to give them more support."
"That's all that matters for me and the crowd- but I also know that it's important to do that, to be very careful on certain days."
"Even though I'd been through a whole lot, we had been through a lot, we had been through a lot of tough times in life, and this was the most important thing."
"\"I'm not upset that he killed people,\" the 55- year- old told CNN."
"If I have that to pay off then it's the only time I'm going to miss it."
"It's the same with anyone who knows me, I don't know him very much, but I feel very close to him."
"The hotel was closed for all of Saturday morning but there were no reported injuries, the aid agency said."
"They will be joined by senior experts in the field of computer science, which has been key to the nation's success."
"So with half of my key staff resigned I have got more people on and off the pitch than ever before."
"If you're looking for a one- off special, check out our 2- week mobile special deal."
"\"I will take a good look at them as well, and see how they are performing,\" he added."
"\"For some years I have been quite critical of the fact that the Republican Party was passing through a middle ground,\" he said."
"She was a beautiful, strong woman, and we had a relationship as young women that was so amazing."
"In the lead- up to the ruling on Monday, Erdogan was challenged by the opposition, accusing it of pushing for the death penalty against its opponents."
"And then you know, my wife and I were asked for money to have a good time in this country."
"It's time to knock him down, for me, for him and his family, and for the rest of us."
"\"If it means they can't raise their kids, then so be it,\" the teen, who cannot be named for security reasons, added."
"He has had to miss all of his life, and yet it is all the more wonderful for him that the time has come to take it."
"He's also leaving his wife in the care of his sisters who are ill at the same time- and was also put up for sale at auction."
"I feel at least as strong as when I was growing up, but it's quite difficult at times."
"The two men are said to have been a \"home team \"in the robbery and to have been known to each other since he was a young boy."
"I feel that I really have got to step up and play the way I've shown the first team this season."
"But she said this is not a temporary solution to the problem and it should be a focus in every government."
"He says that in May 2014, he stopped by the station to stop a friend filming his own wedding and thought \"it must be a lie \"to open up a bag."
"In his final State of the Union address on Wednesday, Clinton called for a federal ban on Muslims entering the United States."
"But most of all, I don't feel that this show does what it should do, and I can't support it."
"A couple days ago I made the decision that I wanted to change my story but we are seeing little indication as to why."
"They also compared the amount of people getting to- from the start of the year to the end of June, when the numbers were announced."
"It was meant to make my life so much easier, a dream come true and we were both taken to the next level."
"But the only thing that makes him happy is watching a line like this, where he gets a choice between six and 20."
"It's hard to know where the most critical first decision in a round is: Who can buy a cup of coffee at a fast- food restaurant?"
"When you are 21 you are one of the most exciting young players and every year you are thinking that your life is going to be changed."
"In late 2012, at the height of the crisis, the official rate of inflation rose to 2 per cent from 1. 6 per cent."
"They were supposed to have done this by the time he was born, but he died in early 2010 at age 76."
"I thought he was happy and confident- that he'd be on a plane next week and I would know if he got hurt."
"I have asked him to take a walk, because he's out of it, because of what he has done in his career."
"I have done a lot of real estate in Chicago over the past couple of years, and I was willing to take a chance on a hotel somewhere."
"The move comes after Canada, Germany, Sweden and Japan pulled out of the Paris climate agreement and instead pledged to cut emissions by 20 percent from 2005 levels by 2035."
"This is the first time in the past 10 years that there has been a financial decline of over $ 1 million per client."
"\"We are dealing with a problem that is being felt around the world and not just in the United States,\" he said."
"\"I can tell you in the moment I'm not going to be making this up,\" she said."
"The details are now on Apple's blog and Apple has responded by saying that it's trying to remove the comments."
"But they are likely to be more open about sharing the same commitment, not least because of the potential savings from providing their own private information."
"But I am a Christian, I have an idea of the life that God has created for us, so I will do whatever I can to help."
"When she started off at Edinburgh's Kings College she saw an opportunity to help disabled students and said she took it."
"He said: \"As you know we have in place a zero- hours contract and you will know in March."
"He's been talking about it for a while now and now it's him and a little more time and we're sure we'll take care of him."
"However, the lowest interest rate allowed the firm to keep funds in its account in 2015, according to research carried out by Thomson Reuters."
"The refugee crisis is now the biggest threat to global security and to our economy, and we must do everything we can to combat it."
"And this is not just about the media: The show has been expected to make its way to TV, music and other commercial markets."
"The 38- year- old driver also declined to comment and said:'It's too early to say what could have happened."
"A couple of years ago, he told me, he and a friend would go down to the police station and hold each other."
"At the same time, the system is expected to be able to help low- income people to shop a good deal."
"When I'm younger, I love making films and you just sort of find that in your own life."
"The next hearing is scheduled for October, but I'm confident in my mind that we can go there on that date and look at it and decide who can walk on the park."
"I'm looking forward to finishing my career and to the challenge I've had for so much more than a few years."
"\"We're just saying, this is not what we're going to do,\" Mr. Trump said at an Iowa rally in August."
"His players, in their expectations of the game, will score goals at any given time, and that's what he's done this year."
"And they have for the last four years been asking me to go to Canada, not the last four, but obviously I did it."
"It has emerged that former Prime Minister Tony Blair has claimed in a BBC interview that he would not have voted for Johnson had he known he would not have supported him."
"\"That just doesn't make me think I'm going to be able to play until I'm 100 percent,\" he said."
"He is the father, father and husband of an 11- year- old girl who died in July when their house collapsed on their way to school."
"Trump, meanwhile, has seen his approval rating drop from his high of 49 percent in mid- May to 44 percent today."
"'When I leave for work I often think, \"I must do something to avoid the night lights,\" but this is different,' he says."
"A junior government minister has said the party is ready to give up the review process and seek a Brexit vote from the UK government."
"The New York Times reports that some of the men \"were targeted in various ways, including by someone who wanted to kill the president."
"In an unusual move, the law governing asylum seekers in the country has been changed so that if the asylum seekers are taken in, they will be detained."
"Just as Facebook had proposed, all of us in the public sector were supposed to make a commitment of the money we earn in compensation for our time on Facebook."
"In order to secure the nomination, candidates must gather a majority of at least one million votes, with another five million votes required to win the nomination."
"For those who have had to deal with it, it is a rare thing and something that we can make a difference to."
"He was in his late 20s and was not sure if he would be able to play again this season."
"At the same time, the election day results showed that some of the gains felt by voters over the last two days were not enough to get Clinton to within seven points of Trump."
"Those with an internet connection can also make trips to the border, where officers will be monitoring the areas to make sure there is not a risk of further crossing."
"If the government's first priority is to restore trust, Turkey is sending the message that it will support any response."
"We've got a good run of wins, a lot of goals, and we'll be all right after that."
"\"We are not looking for a radical position, the country has to change, that's what we've got to do,\" he said."
"I'm not the person that he used to be, and I'm not the person I want to be at this point."
"One main reason I felt I was so caught up in it was how fast I'd been taking a new activity that made me feel better."
"\"All of a sudden, people are leaving the country, they don't have the money to move,\" he said."
"While some economists say the situation is unlikely to change in 2017, it could add to pressure on current account deficit."
"People don't realize until they see it- the building they live in may be the most famous building in the world."
"\"The Brexit vote is a historic moment in the history of British politics,\" he said in a statement."
"I can't wait to run this race on Monday and say sorry, but I think we need to get back to some of the great things we've been doing."
"Although the poor performance is certainly disappointing, some have said it is a boost to the momentum for the season ahead."
"It's not only their parents who are at risk, it's their people, families who are at risk and we have a real issue with inequality that we need to address."
"\"I have looked at all the results in Spain and some of them are great, so I want to keep going,\" said the 22- year- old."
"The research was carried out at 21 institutions in the UK, including the University of Edinburgh, in a collaboration with the Department for Education."
"\"It's very, very expensive to be able to afford a home in France, and people do get it for less than the French offer,\" he said."
"I know there are people out there who want a larger wage, and they are not talking to me or using my voice."
"We are absolutely delighted and we are just going to continue to work very hard at our forward positions and it will all improve when we get back."
"It has been described by a House of Commons source as a \"sudden and painful death \"for Theresa May, who was given a go ahead in the Brexit debate."
"But that's not going to happen, and I can't take it any further than that, or whatever."
"For some companies, this is a way to keep money coming in faster, to make sure that the business takes advantage of the extra capacity available."
"The trio were accused of having a number of sexual relationships before their arrests and were being held on a credit card when they were taken into custody."
"They may have been released for an extended period of time before we were able to get the photo and it was taken after they had disappeared."
"\"It's not like a game that it's like getting yourself a fix and looking at the glass side,\" he said."
"\"If you feel like you have to get a tax break from me to get a product, well that's the problem,\" she said."
"We want to listen to our country's own decisions, and it's not for us to just go around and tell them."
"There's only one thing I can do- I'll run like hell, I'll go for it."
"\"But I'm not convinced that he's ready to work with someone in the office to get his point across,\" says Martin."
"\"It's always a question of when and how they become competitive, and I think that's what it is,\" he said."
"He now has 24 points from six games so far, two more than he had in his last three games."
"It's a team game, especially now that we can play the way we've done on the road a few times, but we need to get a good effort out there."
"So, when this man made the call to the court, that would have put an end to the protests,\" she said."
"It is thought he died while still at the hospital, in his final hours, the hospital said."
"\"It's not just the sea that's moving but the amount of damage and the support systems that are now there,\" she said."
"I'm sure that by playing in the team game with the players today, you get to know them a lot better."
"It is a difficult job, I don't want to be that kind of person,\" said the 70- year- old singer."
"I'm back in there, we can't wait to play again and hopefully get back to a really good state."
"A two- year- old girl was attacked by two teenagers who attacked her in a busy shopping area on Saturday night, an inquest has heard."
"The government hopes to boost the amount of refugees coming to Europe this year to as much as 10 million people."
"It's the only agency I'm willing to work for- one that's not just my job, but my family's job."
"He said the Government's refugee policy had to be further improved, to better reflect the population and the need to address the challenges of new refugees."
"\"People don't think to use this because they're too busy doing it,\" she said."
"On Tuesday, the store posted a statement on its Facebook page, which read: \"We can confirm we are going to close this shop for good."
"Despite being ruled out, the union is committed to looking at all options to help preserve the settlement, said sources."
"It's not that the tech industry isn't pushing the limits: It's doing so at the edge of what we know and love."
"We can't afford to give him a choice on which candidate to support because we can't go along with him."
"The European Union said it was a \"disaster \"because of the lack of trade with the United States and its demand for goods there."
"The website he uses to sell it is reportedly he believes his card will win more market share in the long term than his cards at present."
"It's been pretty quiet this week, I think because we haven't started training a bit in the week."
"Even if you get to the end of a term and you see the end of the term, the first thing to do is finish your term with."
"It's my responsibility to be there as well as anyone in the league so it's a real honor."
"When the Pentagon declared in June that the United States would be able to spend the money on missiles to hit Syria, Pentagon officials immediately had some concern."
"\"We are pleased to announce the release of the first release of the app for the iPhone 5 and 5s,\" the company said in a blog post."
"The United States is fighting in Yemen with the Saudi- led coalition, but there's little sign that it plans to make a move in the country's oil sector."
"We saw the same thing with the Trump campaign, and we made the same arguments about Clinton and Trump before."
"The kind of match he was talking about was not against the very best in the world, in a lot of ways."
"Her early exit in the race, which she won by roughly three points in the state's primary, has raised questions about whether she will take a strong lead in November."
"He was asked at his appearance to release his tax returns if he had not been using a charity to benefit his ex- wife."
"We must do the right thing and leave people to ask themselves, what do we want them to think?"
"A 28- year- old woman has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply cocaine to a third- party."
"When a patient in the emergency department uses the emergency room- a flat- bed facility- there is no risk for infection."
"\"I don't know if it will be the last time we go back to [ Home ] League for the club,\" said Mitchell."
"The school had a meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss the issue, but it closed its doors before the date was announced."
"The No. 1 ranking of Germany's largest economy, Germany is ranked the best place in Europe to hold a job and create new jobs."
"\"They're not being asked to come in, they're being told to come in and go into the dressing room,\" she said."
"The Times has identified any customers or those involved in the pay dispute that will be able to contact the police."
"More than 80 people have been killed in the country's worst civil war since independence in the 1980s."
"The 21- year- old had never run away from the race before and when he ran back he knew he had to get his hands down."
"The letter says:'It is important for those who have lost their lives to know that what has happened is in no way unique."
"\"I mean, if she knew how to vote, I don't know what to say to that,\" Obama said."
"The BBC's Scotland editor, Andrew Neil, said there was a \"very special place \"for Wales and the BBC had been helping Scotland's broadcaster."
"It's also one of the best, and it's not only people who benefit from that, it's the relationships they have with their friends and family."
"For the first time in 25 years, Americans are no longer under pressure to choose between real estate, government programs and health care."
"The panel looks at five fundamental questions about the economy: what are you paying for, where are you earning it and how much are you spending."
"Since the nation's nuclear test in 2010, officials have spent about $ 1 billion on US military equipment and about $ 400 million on Cuban and Russian military projects."
"\"For the past couple of years, they've been doing it all right up until now,\" he said."
"He added: \"If there was any difference, there would be a public consultation on it and we are absolutely committed to that."
"To be able to play well against him I can only see the improvement in his game, but he still has to work on his confidence."
"\"I don't think it is a set goal to win titles but to finish here and get something to give,\" she said."
"I'm also writing to thank my family for all of the donations I have made, because I didn't deserve what happened in my life."
"And I did too, as I told all my team members, so that I had to tell them what was happening and give them a heads up."
"\"This is a real reminder to all of us that no matter what happens, our country is stronger, faster and more secure by going to the polls,\" Trump said."
"It was a great chance to represent the people of our nation- New Jersey, Texas, Georgia, Tennessee- all of these great places."
"He is the reason why we voted for Donald Trump,\" he said, adding that there are many talented players in the system who will be a big boost to the administration."
"It is a smaller sample size, but overall numbers have been similar in a number of countries where the price has been rising."
"The striker says: \"I was training in the training complex, and I saw a guy on the screen saying that he was for Arsenal and Celtic."
"He has a lot of fantastic knowledge of what we do and also where we live, and is going to make sure that we're doing our job."
"I'm a driver and I want to be able to take care of myself, but I also have to respect my family."
"She went to the doctors, showed me the results and then I went to the government to get them."
"It would be hard for Mr Farage to take up and then just come back from with a nice night of drinking and eating."
"So this was the sort of thing you've heard in New Hampshire before, this strange thing that you hear all the time."
"We had a lot of great games last year, and I think I can go out there and show some things that I could put away."
"What happens next, we don't know yet, but we have a difficult question to answer."
"If anyone is missing that change of pace, if anyone is just being caught up in that change of pace, it's us."
"Mr Trump held a private meeting with members of the Russian government on Monday and condemned the actions of Mr Putin in Syria."
"It wasn't, and this is why I am a father: it's about my children."
"They were in a joint venture which was sold by the New York- based Gold Group to companies including Apple, Microsoft, and Google."
"The price of oil and gas will become a matter of concern in the region as investors push the price of crude more closely."
"More than half of all gun deaths in the US occur in America- compared to almost all in Europe and the rest of the world."
"He said: \"It's a tough league and I have to be in there and think about what I'm doing here."
"On top of that, the Scottish Government has a robust office in the UK, it is being used by the police, it's set up by the Scottish Government to provide security for criminals and it is the BBC, the UK's largest broadcaster"
"No, this doesn't mean you shouldn't give your hand up and use it to help others, you just need to have faith in the line."
"The Washington Post reported that the deal was first announced last month, and then on Tuesday, on Thursday, and last Wednesday."
"The results of the study, published online in the Journal of the European Academy of Social Work, also suggest that self- monitoring may not be effective in the long term."
"The need for fresh thinking on Britain's economic future in Europe and the global economy has led to unprecedented waves of public debate and concern."
"The games are coming up so we want to make sure we don't get ourselves in the situation where we're going to get picked up by clubs."
"The latest deaths this year have included five adults and two children, and in at least one case two adults and a child have died."
"\"The question for you, your children, your whole world, is if you can take away all those choices that you've made and take your children with you,\" she said."
"We have had a campaign manager or staff who have been at me the last few days and said we're going to talk about the questions and be honest about it."
"The woman had been unable to find a work- related job since she and her husband needed to work at a retail job."
"From the very first day, we were all at work, from a young age, and we'd been in the workforce for 20 years."
"We want to win it every time, whether it's a big game, or maybe we don't have the skills to win it."
"He also talked about his treatment at the hospital, saying that he has been doing well for some time and that he will probably be out for at least a few days."
"An issue that has long been widely held is that people need to pay for the care they need, and their children need access to the best care."
"A 43- year- old man has been charged over a third- degree sexual attack in which he is said to have been struck by a car."
"One woman was murdered in a Spanish town centre, her son attacked and her three children taken to hospital because she was drunk and she didn't have a drink."
"We know that he's a very hard worker, but we know his whole life is a struggle."
"The women's game is now at the heart of my life and I want to show my women that they are better players than I am."
"I am not a political person, so I want to stand up for what's right, even if you don't think I do."
"She added: \"I have been training for almost 30 years to become a horse trainer and I think I've got a good shot."
"Last year the number of young men aged 16- 24 working more than 30 hours a week- which represents an average of four per week- fell from 30, 300 to 29, 000."
"The trip took the lives of her brothers- George, Tony and Philip- and the family had planned to celebrate their 70th birthday."
"You don't get as much chances when you're in the cross- fire, so this is a great deal for me to be able to do the mile mark."
"We need to make sure that I do as well as I can for the local economy, so I'm really proud of the result."
"Mr. Romney won Florida by about 45 percentage points, according to a poll out of Miami this week."
"\"I don't like the fact we don't have people in the U. S. who can be our advocates,\" she said, referring to those born outside of the U. S. She also encouraged young people to make a decision."
"The real estate agent couldn't afford to pay the full $ 2 million- the maximum he could afford- the kind of increase that would have increased his business'worth."
"\"There are a lot of people who don't understand the value of this field,\" he said of open data."
"'But I still do have a hard time with everything you're doing and that's how I see it."
"Now, if your door is locked and there's nobody in the car, they could be losing a lot of money."
"The ultimate goal of the transition is to move food into stores and retail, which is already an important part of the food and drink industry."
"It is still in a good shape, although some kind of boost is probably in the pipeline and probably not a good one."
"More than 3, 000 people have died since a major quake on New Year's Eve last year, bringing a total death toll of up to 15, 400, and hundreds have been displaced."
"The big parties still know how to get things done, it's just too often when the front row is broken."
"If you can get the right woman to step into the role and fill her role and we haven't made a good idea then it's worth making."
"This could mean a decision on which areas should not be treated as private schools, or which should be publicly funded."
"The refugees are being taken away from their families, many of whom have fled war in Syria and Iraq, and are trying to find a new life in Europe."
"On the other hand, if there's a great event and nobody is available, it's better to give people the opportunity to stay."
"The teams'comments on Monday were quite positive as well and I believe we are set to play really well, that is one of the reasons why we were in the play- off."
"Theresa May, the Prime Minister, and Donald Trump have also spoken on the phone recently about the continued European Union membership."
"'The Broncos could have bought a single one of them and that's going to cost them quite a lot of money."
"When we are done, we will take a look at the impact that sanctions have on other countries that are outside the EU."
"That was also the point when it was said that what was said was not the truth, because it's in public and you're acting like you're telling the truth."
"It will make you think again about the threat of terrorism, including that of people who may be concerned by the sentiment."
"It's possible to lose two pounds without surgery, and it's possible to lose one without surgery, but all you can do is wait and see."
"My guess is, people in China will say the only thing that matters is how many tourists go."
"We're only saying we think we're pretty, but we're not saying they're all bad or we don't agree with all of the decisions."
"\"The child care here is more secure, the cars are less expensive and everything is fully covered,\" he said in an interview."
"I think the Home Secretary, Theresa May, was talking about a 50 per cent inflation target which will give us an opportunity to meet it."
"Now he has had no control of the pitch and it is starting to look as if he could be on his game now and continuing his form."
"The move, which has led to protests and protests against the government, comes after the government said it was working to make the project sustainable for the future."
"\"I've got my work cut out for me, so I'll miss that kind of work,\" the 24- year- old said."
"'I don't think he is taking responsibility for what happened, he's been clear, he was working with the football club and everyone involved to get a fair shake."
"The European Space Agency has offered to fly the first model in March but a design has been delayed because of delays in the program's schedule."
"The centre- left Freedom party has struggled with a row over funding in the sector as it is seen as a centre- right party."
"They said they are in a state of panic as they cannot afford the medical care they are entitled to."
"They want to take the target right back and we have to get those words right for what we want to do."
"Even when I was young, there were times that I couldn't control the gun because of the time difference between the target and the target's frame."
"I don't know what the U. S. government has done to take away the facts from our own presidential election."
"I think the best thing you can do is not take them for granted, but the one who wants them is to go, get them."
"'I have to explain to her that you can't work without your permission in any way, and we don't want her to be hurt or upset about it."
"The majority of those arrested in the Ukraine were from the West, but a significant number of EU citizens are also from the Middle East and elsewhere."
"\"The only time he was really bad was when he was in the Premier League for the Champions League,\" he said."
"Her son was already in the boat, but there was so much work to do in the first days to get it all right, the man said."
"The government has yet to officially implement the reforms, which have been widely criticized by Labour."
"In February, Mrs. Obama made a proposal to raise the federal minimum wage to $ 11. 25 an hour by 2019, making it one of the highest in the nation."
"The two athletes who received the grant were athletes who might be exposed to doping in the Olympics, he said."
"The White House is working to stop Mr. Putin from using his presidency to influence the outcome of the election and its outcome."
"\"We are still very focused on giving our time and effort to the community, but we are doing that by focusing on what we have to do,\" he said."
"The company is urging women to leave their children and children alone to plan their future, and to plan for a baby with a mate who is a future husband."
"\"But, I can't really explain it- we don't really know what to do with them,\" he says."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had earlier been cited for failure to perform duty as he was not carrying a weapon."
"However, it is a sign of the difference in the world that no one seems to mind that anyone wants to challenge the system."
"It's a place for people who want to take their first steps and learn, and then they're left with just a hard work when they're old."
"The family of the man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, also were unable to find out whether he had been charged with murder."
"That's something you have to address when you're young, because you have a limited capacity to speak for yourself."
"There are already talks with players, but we're not too far off the track and I'm sure we'll be right back here."
"He has already told officers that he is prepared to make a new start and his reputation has been damaged by the story."
"The Sanders campaign has been trying to do everything possible to convince Sanders supporters that the Democratic presidential nomination is about more than just the nomination."
"We are pleased to now have completed the process of having the tax bill go to the EU budget and therefore to the Social Democrat government."
"The potential cost of this is significant for the United States, which is looking to export the equipment."
"At the time of the fire, no one was hurt in the incident and the fire had been under control for several hours."
"Those who left China with less- well- off families were more likely to suffer emotional stress and depression, the researchers reported."
"When you see them in action in the film, there's never a moment that's not going to be decided."
"The parliamentary party says they will back the Conservative candidate and would also back candidates with cash, including former Tory leader Gordon Brown."
"We felt as if we were already in a position to stand at the table, so to be able to agree with him in the moment, it was a great feeling."
"It is not just there that Trump is on the defensive, it is in fact there that all the evidence points to the same thing."
"A father who is a very bright man, but can't be a leader in his life."
"If the research is confirmed to be wrong, the U. S. Federal Trade Commission might not require U. S. health care providers to offer it in other countries."
"At one point, I felt like we were doing something really important, and then suddenly, someone really, really, really different."
"\"When a customer is experiencing a problem, they're asking themselves these tough questions, \"What can I do to help them?\" \"time and time again,\" he said."
"\"In this election, I think it will be very difficult for a lot of people to understand that it is going to be a different Donald Trump,\" he said."
"We're not saying they're good and it's not nice, it's not what you want, it's not what you want, that's what you want."
"The absence of a win, however, means that this series will look very different from the one that followed the initial shock of the first round."
"In total, that takes 5 percent of total production from 3. 3 billion workers in the United States and 35 percent from 16. 1 billion workers worldwide."
"In recent months, several of the Iraqi groups that have been fighting the Islamic State group in the city, including the security forces and army, have launched air strikes."
"They were surprised that we were going to send them to India ; we've had some good relations in Asia since I've been there."
"Since 2011, the county has played a role in raising more than $ 600 million from federal and private donors for legal services and training."
"A study by the BBC has found that the 28- year- old woman is probably not a happy relationship- and is concerned for her partner's well- being."
"The news came after the government announced it was starting to take into account the \"real number \"of pregnant women in a 2016 \"overlooked \"figure."
"You can live with the fear you're going to have all those bad tests for four years, but you don't go into them thinking you are going to be up to your best."
"He said he was surprised by the amount of traffic on the bridge and his opinion was that the structure was not secure."
"And, if you are looking for something that will stick, you can always trade and if you don't make it, you go the opposite direction."
"I don't want to think of myself as somebody who would be willing to give up and play the game."
"The police \"official response to the matter is to let the boy go but he's still in hospital."
"The decision to end the arms race in France may have come down to a referendum between the two leaders, but it will also be down to who gets the rights."
"While scientists across the globe will be hearing more about this historic announcement, it will still be very controversial in the United States."
"They're able to throw hard and you don't get those of them that you would expect."
"In a statement, the Kremlin said it was working to resolve the issue and urged its members to work together to resolve problems \"without compromise."
"I am just looking at all the different ways I've had to work through issues and as I said, I think I'm capable of getting up and running again."
"'If I see somebody that I don't think is fit to lead a government or run for office, I'm not going to comment on that."
"It was only on Monday that our spokesman was able to get the word out to all of the media organisations in the UK, which has been really busy."
"The final earnings report came out on time and in March, Apple announced a deal that would keep the company working even longer."
"No matter who wins, there's always a chance that we will lose because we haven't had the chance to get something to the wrong price."
"The back- to- the- old- school high school experience is in short supply here, which means that many schools may not want to be associated with such a term."
"You were already up a little early, and that's obviously going to have a significant effect on the price of your car."
"He won't be in town but he has all the things that he needs to do to be part of the team."
"For example, I see a lot of women selling their skin- cream to the highest price they can get."
"So, once you have a good record, you don't care too much about what other people think about you."
"The reason for that, as far as I'm concerned, is the people who are actually doing what they're doing."
"He did not confirm it and will not comment further on the situation until he is completely clear."
"\"I'm a fan of, if you can call it that, the ball's not moving,\" she said."
"I don't care about the environment, if they're being held like that, I don't care about them,\" she said."
"The long- term average price of shares fell more than half, to just under $ 26. 54 from just over $ 31. 25 in early January."
"\"The main thing is not to look at [ Europe ] in the wrong direction and we need to maintain our perspective,\" he said."
"I think there's so much at stake here and it's up to local people to step up to the plate."
"He was responsible for everything from taking him to the doctor to getting him up so he could have a proper period."
"'If we are lucky enough to live in the UK, the black markets and the pound might help,' she said."
"\"There's nothing wrong with the body you're in, you're not even thinking about that or thinking about the society at large,\" she says."
"The Democrats have lost four Senate seats since the Nov. 7, 2013, election to President Barack Obama, and they now hold 48 House seats."
"While in the lead up to the referendum the SNP have also agreed that they will not hold a referendum on EU membership."
"Now it's all about what you do with the money, which is like any other management and money- making job."
"For example, \"the Federal Reserve is raising interest rates at an interest rate too low for American consumers, which makes them more vulnerable to inflation,\" he said."
"One hour after the plane's first flight, she announced that she had an operation to remove her letter from her body."
"His greatest asset is a weapon that he hasn't used much this season and I think he's making some plays and that's something I'm happy about."
"If you like a $ 25, 000 piece of art and you get $ 10, 000 in funding, you are automatically a winner."
"One of the oldest serving Prime Minister's aides, who doesn't have an official role, said that's a private matter."
"She told us she could not have a conversation with her boyfriend on Saturday night, because she had a boyfriend."
"We all want to be in a position to influence the outcome of the election because we're not necessarily more optimistic than a few years ago."
"In the long run it's a little bit difficult, but I think the pain of going home is nice."
"\"I think we're going to see the same story this time around in terms of bad political decisions that are made,\" he said."
"In his first public comments since the row broke out in April, he said the issue was the \"strong reality \"that his wife was ill."
"He was just talking about the media, and this was really emotional for him because he had never really had a chance to get in the press box."
"Our plan is to focus on technical, but really critical, technical areas, like the development of a mobile network or the development of a new cable TV package."
"The SNP has spent the past year trying to win the support of the \"far right \"of Labour, which has always been its main rival."
"This means those who want to hold up a white paper but cannot or don't want to, might have to take up a position."
"We're going to look at it in a very real way and make sure we work with those people to find the best solution."
"\"I have great respect for people who work in real estate because they know what's going on,\" he said."
"And the woman was reportedly in a constant state of shock when she arrived at the police station, the Los Angeles Times reports."
"The Brexit secretary Jeremy Corbyn has ruled out a second independence referendum, saying he would prefer the UK vote to remain within the single market."
"I've said repeatedly that it's time for a red carpet and this looks good on her."
"There was also no concern for staff who were infected with the virus at all, he said, adding the group was off the radar."
"Her husband, who is a U. S. senator from Georgia, was also named as the secretary of state's nominee to replace Trump."
"Now, in the real world, what do you need to know about the next President of the United States and other leaders who are going to be sitting down and discussing these issues?"
"\"It will be very difficult for him to return to the side and his form is no longer in question,\" said coach Jason Day."
"More people die in hospital- and we've got more people dying than at any time in the last 20 years,\" he says."
"'They are not allowed to take part, I mean I know what I said but what you got to do is you have to demonstrate."
"In a speech on Tuesday, Mr Osborne pledged to keep Britain's cash rate below zero for the rest of the 21st century."
"With new government, you can work out whether we can implement the terms of the agreement, or not."
"However, the 17- month- old girl's family has said she will be put to bed by her mother."
"\"The first time I got this letter was just five years ago, it said I need to do something for other people,\" he said."
"All I know is it's never about what you see in the footage and I'm sure I'm going to be even more shocked when I see it."
"\"This is not a referendum, it is not a matter of saying,' We want Brexit, we want our single market to remain,' \"the Prime Minister told the BBC in a telephone interview."
"\"She [ Sanders ] does have some work to do to be able to give herself a chance,\" the former senator from Vermont said."
"Some 15 minutes before the final, we were unable to finish because of a technical fault- so we had to put ourselves under pressure to do a good job."
"But she said:'We're just here for you, just waiting for you to come out with your feet and get back to work."
"There is still time to get to the last few runs and we are in the final before the Olympic break."
"At its lowest level, it raised the money needed to finance almost \u00a3 3. 3 million, its biggest ever \u00a3 1. 8 million funding round."
"\"I didn't even know that's what they did,\" he said, noting that he didn't even know there was a stop sign at the airport."
"For the next three months, we've got to try to keep players in the system,\" he said."
"It's not a vote against me... but I think they've shown a good sense of resolve in the final stages of the race."
"The man in the photograph was travelling with his wife, who is pregnant, and three other children, aged two, one a boy and three."
"The 18- year- old, who now lives with his parents in the village, had been banned from entering the camp since August."
"He added that his client was denied permission to work at the hospital and has had to keep his business from running."
"As you can see from the number of posts we've made it very clear to the club that the situation needs to be brought to an end."
"\"That's the only thing that's left to do,\" she told the crowd in Sydney on Tuesday."
"But he insisted that he would like to attend the ceremony next month to mark the birth of his son, Charlie, who is now aged 10."
"The last couple of months I have been racing and trying to get in top form, I'm doing better."
"Just because someone has died before, it doesn't mean they are safe to come back,\" she said."
"We're a part of the British television industry, so we don't know what's going to happen."
"While the Vermont senator has taken a hard stance against the refugee crisis, he did not support the idea that President Obama should be helping Syrian refugees."
"My book is an introduction to what we do in Australia but it's also about what we're doing in the world."
"The day after the surgery, she said she was taken to hospital after being struck by a train."
"You don't have to accept that all you have to do is speak English, just as a kid, and to be able to do that is a huge thing."
"This is far more complex than one would have expected, of course, because it has not yet been decided what it is."
"The children- who had a good start- were still growing up but their father had left them at the bottom of the farm."
"Because when you look at them, you see them are a well- organized group, they have very sharp heads and they don't get caught up in the flow of the game."
"A spokesman for the Australian Federal Police declined to comment, and a spokeswoman for the Western Australian Police Force did not return a phone message seeking comment on Monday."
"The six- point victory over Celtic made the weekend the best of the Scottish trip for Celtic with the visitors ahead of the No."
"The 12- hour flight was delayed until 3: 30 p. m., and the flight landed at 3: 30 p. m. on Saturday."
"I was in college, I came home from college and didn't know anyone in the media but I wanted to go to university."
"As soon as you get into your first public office you realise there's no room for compromise, and that a decision to seek a political position is not necessarily about the language."
"I think it's safe to say I have had a few emotional moments this year, but I would be lying if I said that I haven't."
"He said the first owner, who asked not to be named, left with only one person in the house."
"I believe this was a single- package affair- the parties involved were caught up in a mix- up that led to police being unable to respond properly to the missing individuals."
"Most were critical of the poor quality of the refugees entering the country, especially the 18- year- olds who were chosen from the public with the choice of an alternative university."
"It's easier for us in the home- league to get on, especially against lower league opponents."
"Even when you are a regular at work you still work hard- you still walk out there and you still look in the eye and it's hard."
"We are trying to make the most of our time in the game, so we can be the best we can be and build on what we achieved in the past."
"We are going to try to get the ball into our hands and we have got the intention to use it in that way and we will."
"And a lot of times when they come out, you don't see that person's face on the screen."
"That's why a lot of people don't know how to do these things. ; the ones that do, the training group."
"She added:'When I came out of the hospital, there were so many people who asked if I was OK."
"The only thing that made sense was that our share of revenue was from TV and film sales and e- sales."
"It is now clear that we must act, to stop the immigration of terrorists- not just from Europe, but from the Middle East."
"He had been told by the club that there would be no more trips this season as it is out of the European Championship."
"But we also have to be careful, because the big questions are not where do you get the vast majority of information."
"If it's really the kind of thing they want, I don't think that's going to happen,\" he said."
"After being found guilty of two separate rape cases against him, he was sentenced to four years'hard labour in prison."
"The company's shares fell 0. 6 per cent at $ 9. 47 on Thursday as its shares were down by nearly 10 per cent in after- hours trading."
"But what's more likely is that the researchers might have missed the biggest message of all: The true impact of legal marijuana on humans."
"If you don't have a say in what happens, you don't have to be a female president,\" Obama said."
"\"He was like a grandfather to me,\" said her mother, who will now help to raise her son."
"\"A lot of people didn't realise, in an incredible way, how much we were going to make,\" he says."
"The 28- year- old, who was arrested earlier on suspicion of causing injury or death to another person, was released from police custody on a $ 20, 000 bond."
"We have had to build a system to give young people a number to give them before they go on to university, because it's not going to be open to everyone."
"We've played some great cricket, but at the end of the day it's been fantastic for me and my family."
"An international legal dispute over the Chinese currency is likely to be settled by the end of this year, legal experts said."
"From the very beginning, I thought it was just a feature of the festival that it would be part of the day."
"From then on, even when I'd be away on the bus, I'd spend the time travelling and looking after them."
"My last reaction is to feel like if I wasn't going to come out the other day I'd have to play a team game or something like that."
"I was looking forward to coming and so did a lot of my teammates, so I thought it was a special moment for me."
"More than 1, 200 people were reportedly injured in the blast, which officials said could have been caused by the blast itself."
"The Department for Education has now announced a series of cuts that will mean an average of about one year's paid leave will be cut for two years of the student."
"The former Scottish Secretary told the House: \"What we have been talking about is the role of MPs."
"We will now need a clear- out procedure and we will find the evidence required to do so."
"I am optimistic but I am a little nervous because I am not sure if you can stay in the Championship."
"He made a few mistakes on his first break and didn't have enough time to go over the top, which allowed him to slip into coverage."
"You would never know it from the last two days, but we want to get this through because we know that's what is going to happen."
"I guess that's the biggest thing, you're as good as you possibly can be for your last couple games."
"But Mr. Trump's economic plan would reduce the deficit by around $ 500 billion over 10 years."
"They don't have the answer and at this stage it's just speculation and I don't think we're going to give one at this stage."
"I feel as though I am making my home, it is about me, but I am not going to back down."
"It's the kind of thing that you can only write once- and you have to pick it up at the beginning."
"We need to make sure there's a direct connection to the energy markets, which are not closed to the public."
"\"I'm a bit tired, but I'm just hanging out with the boys, and I'll be back,\" she said."
"I didn't see a target anywhere, it just looked like somebody wasn't getting ready for what's to come."
"The Australian economy is being hit hard by a record 2 per cent employment and a sharp drop in oil prices."
"In the latest UK polls, 52 per cent of people want the same to happen to them as they want it to be made to feel right."
"But one change would mean that at least half of the customers would be on the same line, if not more."
"It's a serious injury, but it's not a bad one, so to play with some big games we can win the title."
"So the subject matter of all that talk was, it's not necessarily that I am here to write about anything, you know, it's just about what I will do next."
"It is clear to me that the Labour Party believes that we must not simply accept our voters in one election, but learn from them."
"I went to a local hall and I was told it was an armed robbery but I was quite shocked because I didn't think I would actually be arrested."
"If you could put this whole situation into words... I don't think I can do that justice in this game."
"In the view of the Commons Health Committee, it is likely that no further action is necessary after a consultation on the proposals was completed last week."
"I'm going to be looking for a role that I can fill, even if that role is out of my control."
"\"I am not a politician, I can't make a decision on anything because I am not a politician,\" she said."
"But he said the two horses had made a big difference in the move to the Belgian track as he took three out of the four remaining."
"The most striking thing about it is that it does not seem to have an effect on anyone's view of what exactly should be done."
"The exercise, to be held in the Gulf in May, will be the first ever by a Saudi government official since the collapse of Iran- backed sanctions in March."
"He must ensure that the important jobs remain in Scotland to keep our place in Europe, as well as in the European Union."
"But I wouldn't know who is running, so it would have to be someone who I have spoken to in person about a number of times."
"I'm certainly very worried about it, especially the energy of the game, but we're going to win the game."
"The charity urged people to contact the court if they think they may have been denied or damaged in any way by the offer."
"And we know that we can do a lot of good, and we know that we're very competitive and we've got a lot more people playing in it than we've ever seen."
"One person was killed and six were injured in a strike in northern Turkey, officials said on Saturday, adding that the remaining two people were taken to hospital for treatment."
"The attacks were carried out in several cities, including Paris, Brussels and the eastern districts of the city, the Interior Ministry said."
"Theresa May today welcomed an historic visit from former chancellor Philip Hammond to Ankara to look after the country's most sensitive refugee problem."
"I'm doing everything I can to put pressure on myself, and I'm obviously not doing everything I think I can and I'm just doing what I can."
"I believe I have lost half my strength and I didn't have a good fitness base going into this year, so I will go out and do my best to be in that position again."
"But if someone was to try to take control of a target, it could potentially kill them."
"It's a reaction to, you know, if a person is lying, and you know they're lying, the world would be in a better place."
"\"I think it's important that they know the requirements of the game and that when we lose the final it's a celebration of what we've achieved,\" he said."
"I got to see some of the friends who had gone on business trips and I decided that it was good to see them."
"This means that European soil can be entered to make the gas less toxic, and perhaps more of a competitive advantage for the U. S. nuclear industry."
"There are three levels of the game, but to be a complete professional I have to complete everything."
"He said the air strikes were aimed at Aleppo, but he did not say which cities were targeted, and called on Syrian opposition groups to tell the Syrian government."
"'When we entered the car, I was very shocked to see the crew behind me walk out and suddenly everyone stopped,' he said."
"I guess the reality is, at some point in the next two to three years, a lot of people will be able to help you and that's pretty fantastic for the football club."
"The Prime Minister wants the UK to be a world leader in helping those around the world reach more and better mental capacity and more easily develop new skills."
"\"I know it's going to be hard for him to turn up, but he's done it,\" said Evans, who is starting the second half against the Rams."
"The Dodgers went 3- 1 in games without a losing record in that stretch, going 2- 1 this season."
"\"I don't like Hillary,\" he said, adding that the Democratic candidate has played down the importance of women in politics."
"The annual report estimates that an additional $ 15 billion will be saved in New Jersey and New York over the next four years."
"The series, which will also be broadcast on BBC Radio 4, will also have its own app, which will let you watch it live."
"I'll be watching, of course, the vote on November 8- and watching what happens tomorrow."
"Trump's tax plan would increase taxes for the wealthy and also raise the cost of medical care, schools, and state governments."
"He said:'I have always kept my mouth shut, so I knew it wasn't going to happen."
"We'll need to build up the best assets, especially the financial assets that we have in place, to keep pace with our strategic relationships and do what we have to do."
"Despite most reports, the number of killings recorded in 2015- 16 was only one per month lower than the same period in 2014."
"In both cases, the provider asked the customer to repeat the task and he did so without penalty."
