"I'm not going to be able to play for a long time, so I'm going to have to get a lot better."
"\"We have to be able to take care of ourselves, and that's what we've been doing,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that he's not in the race,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a lot of people in the room,\" he said."
"The researchers also found that the number of people who reported they had been physically abused by their parents increased from 1. 6 per cent in the 1980s to 1. 9 per cent in the 2014- 15 period."
"It's a very difficult time for the country, especially in the wake of the Brexit vote, because of the uncertainty around the EU referendum."
"The Prime Minister has said he will not be drawn on whether the UK should remain part of the EU."
"The agency's chief executive, John Miller, said the changes were necessary to protect the privacy of consumers and to improve the overall quality of service."
"It's a great opportunity for us to have a little bit of fun and see what we can do."
"The government has not yet announced the date for when the new rules will be introduced, but it is expected to be in early 2017."
"It's the only thing I can think of that I can really do to help the team win games."
"The latest data from the United Nations shows that the number of people living with HIV in the country is at its highest level in more than a decade."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said in the interview."
"The only way to avoid that is to have a good night's sleep, and that's what we're doing."
"The report said the UK's economic performance had improved since the financial crisis, but it was still far from the level of growth that had been expected."
"\"I've been in a relationship for a while and I've got a lot of love and respect for each other,\" she said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get back to the level we've been at in the last couple of years."
"\"I'm going to be the first to admit that I'm not a fan of the whole idea of the UN,\" he said."
"The reason is that they're not just going to be able to do this for a while, but they're going to be able to do it for a long time."
"I've got a job to do and I want to do it, but I'm not going to go to the gym and do it."
"\"We have to be careful, because if you don't do it, then you are not going to get the job done,\" he said."
"It's a great way to get a feel for the game, especially with the way they're playing."
"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm sure it's going to be a big one."
"He's been a big part of our success and we're really looking forward to him coming back."
"The company said it had a \"significant \"number of employees in the UK and Ireland, and had a \"very high \"number of international customers."
"It's not a question of what we're going to do, it's a question of what we're going to do with the money."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say and what we say and what we say and what we say, because we are not going to be able to say what we say,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see the government continue to invest in the project."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The former secretary of state's office said she had been in contact with the president and that she had been told by the president that she would not be allowed to speak."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in this situation, but I don't think it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for its failure to take action against the group, which has been accused of planning attacks in the past."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in March."
"\"We are not going to be able to provide a solution to the problem,\" he said, adding that the government was not prepared to accept the idea of a new system."
"\"We are going to be able to use the money to build a better future for our kids,\" she said."
"The company has been under pressure since the EU referendum result, with shares falling as much as 10 per cent in the past week."
"The company said it would be launching its own smartphone in the near future, but it is not clear when it would begin to sell the device."
"I think the best thing that can happen is that we get to see the best in each other and we can build on that."
"I've got a lot of work to do, and I'm going to try to do it as quickly as I can."
"I'm not sure what the government is going to do about it, but I'm sure they're going to be very careful."
"The other day, I was driving home from work and I saw a man in a black shirt and a black hat."
"\"I think the only way we can really get a real deal on this is through the process of negotiations,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a candidate that's going to be able to do anything,\" he said."
"It's a little bit different, but I think we're a good team and a good team, and we're going to win games."
"The first two years were a bit rough, but we've been really good in the first two years and I'm really pleased with my performance."
"It's a tough game but we have to keep going and we have to keep working and we have to keep winning games."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder and are due to appear in court on Monday."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the announcement, which it said was \"a significant step \"in the company's growth."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The report said the Government's response to the crisis had been to invest in schools, but this was not enough to meet the needs of the majority of pupils."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to play in the playoffs,\" said the No."
"The company's shares were down 0. 6 per cent at $ 1. 30 in afternoon trading on Tuesday."
"\"We've had a lot of injuries, but we've got a lot of young players, so I think we've got a good squad,\" he said."
"\"The only way to get rid of the problem is to have an effective system that's effective and works for everybody,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that I'm a professional athlete, and I'm going to be able to do whatever I want to do."
"The government has said the measure will not affect the number of migrants arriving in Greece, but will only affect those who have already made it to Europe."
"The researchers found that the more people who had been diagnosed with the disease, the more they had to deal with the symptoms."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to come back and play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The only way to do that is to have a strong economy and a strong government, and that's what we're seeing in the United States."
"He said: \"I'm very proud of the fact that I'm the only candidate who has actually won a majority of the votes."
"I think it's a good thing to have a bit of time to reflect on the things that happened in your life."
"The only way to stop the spread of this virus is to stop drinking alcohol, but we have to stop drinking it, because it's not going to stop the virus."
"I've been in the business for over 20 years and I've been very lucky to have been able to get a job in the industry."
"I'm not going to lie, I've been in a lot of different situations, but I've never been in a situation where I was going to be in a position where I had to take a decision."
"The survey found that the majority of people who voted for Trump said they would have voted for Clinton if they had known what was going on."
"The police said they were investigating the incident, which happened in the early hours of Saturday morning, after a woman reported a suspicious package in her car."
"The company said it had sold about $ 1. 2 billion in shares in the three- month period ending in December, up from $ 1. 4 billion a year earlier."
"The United States and Russia have been working together to defeat ISIS in Syria, but the two countries are not at war."
"It's a good thing that the players are here, because they have been here for a long time."
"It's not just a matter of the money, but also the fact that I've got a lot of money to spend."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The former secretary of state, who is running for president in 2016, said she was \"very excited \"by the announcement."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we don't lose any momentum in the next few days."
"\"I've been on a mission to get the truth out there and I'm going to do it,\" she said."
"It's not like we're going to be in a position where they're going to be able to take away the money."
"\"It's a great opportunity for me to have a chance to play in a big game,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to be the first to admit that I'm not the only one,\" he said."
"The only way to make sure that you don't have to do that is to make sure you're not going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation where you're going to be in a situation where you're"
"The government is also trying to boost the number of foreign visitors to the country by offering free flights to some of the country's biggest cities."
"I think it's a really important thing to have, because if you don't have a good team, you're not going to win."
"\"It's not a matter of whether you're a Republican or Democrat,\" he said, adding that he would not vote for either candidate."
"The new figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has fallen by nearly a third since the 1980s."
"\"It's a great opportunity to have a conversation with a guy who has been around the club for a long time,\" said the former England captain."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House for eight years, will be traveling to Cuba next month."
"The Scottish Government has announced that it is planning to spend \u00a3 1. 6 billion to build a new rail line to the north of the country."
"It's a very good team and I'm pleased to be part of it, but I'm not going to be the manager."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 11. 72 in afternoon trading on Wednesday."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the middle of a conversation, but I'm not going to be in the middle of it,\" he said."
"I have a lot of respect for him, but he's not the type of guy who can get the ball to the right guy."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the fight because I know it's going to be tough,\" he said."
"The two men, who were both in their 20s, were arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon."
"\"I don't know if I can do it, but I'm going to try,\" he said."
"The latest figures show the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by more than a third in the past year."
"The European Union has imposed sanctions on Russia over the Ukraine crisis, but the US has not yet imposed a formal one."
"\"I don't think that's the case,\" he said, adding that the government's position is that it's not interested in the issue."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people of this state who voted for me,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was rushed to hospital after being hit by a car and died at the scene."
"\"I was just thinking about the fact that I'm a woman and I'm not going to be able to have children,\" she said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of the agreement."
"\"I'm not saying I don't like it, but I'm not saying I don't like it,\" she said."
"\"We have to be careful not to give the impression that we are not prepared to work with the Russian government,\" he said."
"The official said the new measures would be implemented in the coming months, but the government was not yet ready to release details."
"\"I was a little bit nervous at first because I didn't know what to expect,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said it had not received any information that the Syrian government had carried out the attack."
"The former prime minister has said he would not be drawn on whether the UK should remain in the EU, but that he would be open to a second referendum."
"The police said they were investigating the incident, but did not have a cause of death."
"The video, which was posted to social media on Thursday, was posted to the website of the Russian Ministry of Defence, and was shared more than 1, 000 times."
"\"I've got to be very careful with what I say and what I say, because I'm not going to say it to the people,\" she said."
"He said: \"I think it's important to recognise that we are still a very young country and we have a long way to go."
"It's a great way to get out of the city, and I'm sure it will be a great way to stay in the city."
"The study also found that women who had been on a diet for more than two weeks had a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House since 2009, has said she will not be attending the ceremony."
"It is a great opportunity for us to build a team that is capable of winning games and that can compete at the highest level."
"The government's plan to reduce the deficit by more than 2 percent of GDP in the next five years is a major step forward."
"The United States is one of the world's largest economies, and it has a long history of cooperation with Russia."
"\"I'm not sure I want to be the one to say'no'to the idea that we're going to be able to do this,\" he said."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to play the way he was last year,\" he said."
"\"I think the people who are going to be the most affected by this are the people who are the most vulnerable,\" he said."
"The study also found that women who had been diagnosed with breast cancer had a significantly lower risk of dying than those who did not."
"It's not that I'm not interested in the game, I'm just interested in what's happening in the game."
"The three- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital where he was told he would be transferred to a care home."
"The report, which was released on Monday, said the number of people using the internet was down from a year earlier, but that there was still a significant number of people using mobile phones."
"\"I'm not going to say that I don't like the way he's playing,\" she said."
"The study found that the average age of the women who were diagnosed with breast cancer was 25 years, compared to just 21 years for the men."
"\"I think it's a shame that we have to do this because we have a lot of young players who are still young,\" he said."
"He said: \"I'm very disappointed that he is not being given a chance to play again and I'm very disappointed he is not being given a chance to play again and I'm going to support him and hopefully he can get back in"
"I'm not going to say it was a bad game, but I think the guys were really good in the first half."
"The reason I'm here is because I want to make sure that we have a clean and safe country."
"It's a great way to get the message out, and it's a great way to get people to come out and vote."
"I think it was a little bit of a surprise to see him go down, but he's a good player and he's a good player in the NRL."
"The next day, the police told me that they had found a man who had been shot and taken to hospital."
"The problem is that we're not getting the kind of growth we need, and we're not getting it in the right way."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say, \"This is a bad idea,\" \"he said."
"\"We have to be very careful with the fact that we don't have to be careful with the fact that we have to have a very high level of security,\" he said."
"\"I've been on the road for a while, and I've been in a lot of different places,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a group of people that are not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has said he will not be taking part in the talks, which are due to start on Wednesday."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 6 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2014."
"\"The biggest thing is that we're not going to have to worry about it,\" he said."
"It's a big game, but we've got to be prepared for that and we've got to be ready for it."
"The government has been criticised for its failure to take action on the issue, and the European Commission has said it will review its decision."
"The new rules will apply to all public schools in the state, and will apply to all public schools in the state for the next school year."
"I don't think it's going to be easy for him to get back into the game, but we'll see."
"I think it's a matter of time before we see a new generation of players coming through."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue of the proposed new contract and that it was in talks with the European Commission on the issue."
"The report, published on Wednesday, said that the number of deaths in the last year has fallen by more than 50 per cent."
"It's a good thing that we're not in the middle of it, because we're not going to be in it."
"\"I'm not going to be in a position to say I'm going to be a big- time player,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to go out and say I'm not going to be a good leader,\" he said."
"The problem with this is that it's not even a question of whether you're a good or a bad person."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that I'm doing everything I can to help my team win."
"The pair were found guilty of sexual activity with a minor and two counts of sexual activity with a child."
"\"I'm not going to be the one to say that I'm not going to be the leader of this country,\" he said."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say in the press, and I don't want to be a part of that,\" he said."
"The next day, the police were called to the home, and the man was arrested, but the woman was not arrested, police said."
"\"We're not going to be able to compete with the big companies that are going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The other two are still in the process of being tested, and the third is still in the process of being tested but not yet confirmed."
"The government is not yet ready to announce a plan to address the issue, but the government is working on it."
"The government's announcement came as a surprise to many, but the government has been under pressure to do so for the past few months."
"\"We have to be careful with the information we give to the public,\" he said, adding that the government would not be releasing the names of those who were killed."
"The EU's top court has ruled that a woman's right to choose is not protected by the rights of a man."
"The EU's biggest economy is expected to contract by a third in the first quarter of 2016, according to the latest official figures."
"The company has been hit by a series of high- profile allegations of sexual misconduct by staff at the company's headquarters in London."
"The man was arrested and charged with a range of offences including possession of a weapon and possession of a dangerous weapon."
"The company said it had made a number of changes to its business model over the last few years, including a reduction in the number of employees it would hire."
"The first thing I would do is to tell him that I was going to come and take care of him, and that he would be OK."
"\"I don't think it's going to be easy for us to do it, but we're going to do it,\" he said."
"I think it's a shame that we didn't get a chance to do it, because I think it's a shame that we didn't get a chance to do it."
"The number of people who have been affected has been increasing since the campaign began, with some estimates as high as 250, 000 people affected."
"The couple, who have a son aged seven, are due to give evidence at the trial on Thursday."
"\"We're going to be able to see the changes that are coming in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The reason I'm here is because I've been here for a long time, and I've learned a lot."
"\"We've got to make sure that we're not putting our foot down and saying, \"We're not going to do this."
"The average age of the men and women who took part in the study was 29. 3 years, compared with 29. 4 years for the women."
"\"I have to say, I don't think it's a bad idea to have a woman president,\" she said."
"The number of people who have been affected is still too small to be a direct cause of the problem, he said."
"The report says the government's response to the crisis has been to make it easier for people to get help."
"The couple's home was the first to be destroyed, and the family were forced to move to a nearby house."
"\"I'm going to be able to do that, and I'm going to be able to play in the playoffs, and I'm going to be able to be a part of the team,\" he said."
"The first lady, who has been a vocal supporter of the Democratic Party, has also said she will not support Donald Trump."
"\"I don't know what the hell happened, but I'm going to be in a position where I'm going to be able to do whatever I want to do,\" he said."
"The United Nations has warned that the situation in Aleppo could be \"severe \"if the rebels continue to advance."
"\"I've been on the road for a long time, I've been on the road all the time, I've been on the road for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I've been here a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"It's a very good team and we're going to be working hard to get it done,\" he said."
"The government has been forced to admit that it is not a \"full- time \"employee, and that the vast majority of its staff are part- time."
"The agency's board of directors, which is made up of representatives of the state's top law enforcement officials, has not yet decided whether to pursue the case."
"\"We're not going to be able to make a decision about the future of our country if we don't have a strong leader,\" he said."
"\"The fact that he's not a Republican, I don't think that's fair,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. has \"no plans to take sides in the Syrian civil war,\" but that it will continue to support the government of Syrian President Bashar al- Assad."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a big deal,\" he said, adding that he had not been in contact with the club about the matter."
"The study also found that men who were not in the study group had a higher risk of developing depression compared to women who were in the group."
"\"I think the reason we're here is because we're the best team in the world,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I know he's got a problem,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the Government is yet to make a decision on the changes."
"The agency said it had received more than 1, 000 complaints about the video, which was posted on YouTube on Monday."
"\"We are in a position now where we have to make decisions about the future of the club,\" he said."
"\"The idea of a new era of politics has been a long time coming,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a new era of politics in the future."
"I think that's what we're going to have to do, and I think we're going to have to be very careful with it."
"I'm not sure that I would have made it in the first place if I hadn't been so aggressive."
"He said he had been in contact with the woman's family, who had been informed of the incident and had been told by police."
"The U. S. State Department has said it is not aware of any cases of refugees being detained or detained in Turkey."
"The poll also found that 46 percent of voters said they would vote for Clinton, while 44 percent said they would vote for Trump."
"It's not the first time that a woman has been caught on camera being filmed being sexually abused by her boyfriend."
"I'm not sure that's what we want to see, but it's a good thing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 25. 25 on Wednesday, its biggest gain since the company's stock rose 1. 2 per cent in late October."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm very proud of my team and I think that's what we're all about."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the safety of its customers and to improve the quality of its products."
"I was the only one who was able to get the ball out of my hands and I was able to get it back to him."
"The woman was taken to the hospital for treatment for a head injury, but her condition is not believed to be life- threatening."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the only thing that matters is the money."
"The former New York City mayor said he's \"very disappointed \"by the decision and said he's not sure what the consequences would be."
"I don't know what the deal is, but I'll tell you what, I'm not going to let anybody tell me what I'm going to do."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company announced it was closing its doors."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your life in order and that's what I did."
"He said he had been \"very lucky \"in his job, and he was \"very proud \"of the fact he was able to keep his job."
"The government has also said it will hold a referendum on the referendum result in June, which will be held in June."
"I've been in the business for 25 years, and I've always had a passion for the business and the people behind it."
"He said: \"I am a big fan of the idea of the young people being able to play football."
"The UK's first woman to lead a major national security agency has been named as the new head of the agency."
"\"I've been a Republican for a long time, so I've always had a strong commitment to the party,\" he said."
"The former first lady and first lady- and now wife- are expected to make a joint appearance at the Republican National Convention."
"The men were arrested on suspicion of murder, and are being held in a police station in the city."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Democrat, but I am going to be a Republican,\" he said."
"It's not just the fact that we've got a strong leader, but the fact that he's a good leader, too."
"\"I have a lot of people that I have worked with that are very good friends of mine,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that's a bad thing, because we're going to have a great team,\" he said."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis and possession of a controlled substance."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to work together to fight the Islamic State group, which has seized large parts of Iraq and Syria, the Russian Defense Ministry said on Thursday."
"The group has also been criticised for its lack of transparency, which has led to some of its members being arrested."
"\"I don't think we have a lot of options for the next couple of years,\" he said."
"\"It's a really good thing that we can get people to come to the game,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money ; it's about the quality of the product, and what you can do with it."
"The man was taken to hospital for treatment and was later released from hospital, but his injuries are not believed to be life- threatening."
"The new rules will be introduced in a consultation paper due to be published in June, but the department is yet to make a decision."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department about the case."
"I don't know if it was a bad decision, but I'm not going to take anything for granted."
"The company said it would also be able to offer a \"limited \"time trial of the service, which will last for two years."
"He said: \"I have a lot of friends who are also working in the industry and they are all very happy to see me."
"\"I'm not sure that the people that are doing this are going to be able to understand the impact this has on the economy,\" she said."
"\"The government has to be very careful about what it says and what it doesn't say,\" he said."
"He is a man of the people, and I think he will be the best candidate to do that."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in the UK, but said it would not be able to continue in the US."
"He said: \"I think it's important to remember that the Government has made it clear that we will not be supporting a single- market."
"I'm not going to be able to afford to pay for the medical care that I need to get through the day."
"The company said it had already made a significant investment in the UK, which it said was worth around \u00a3 1. 6 billion."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I've been very lucky,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Tuesday after the announcement."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"It's a big one, and it's going to affect the whole world, and it's going to affect the whole world because it's going to affect the whole world."
"\"I've been in the business for 15 years now, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"I don't know if they're going to be able to do that, but I'm sure they will."
"\"I have a lot of friends who are very good at it and I just want to get them out there and get them in the game,\" he said."
"It's a great way to go out and get some sleep and get to know the people you love."
"The man's body was found on the street, and he was taken to a nearby hospital where he was later declared dead."
"The average age of the people who came to the UK from the EU was 28, compared with 28 in the US."
"\"I've been in a lot of situations where I've been in a situation where I've been in a situation where I'm not allowed to be in the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the people of the state to have the opportunity to do that,\" he said."
"It's a big game, and we're going to have to be ready to play, but we're not going to be able to do that."
"I think it's important that we get a good understanding of what's going on and what we need to do to get better."
"It is not known if the man was in a car with the woman or if the woman was in the car with the man."
"The most important thing is to be in the right place at the right time, and that's what we've done."
"\"I've been in this business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"I think the best thing that could happen is that we would have a conversation about what is the best way to do it, and then we would have a conversation about the best way to do it with the president."
"The new rules will apply to all people aged 18 and over, regardless of whether they are a resident of the UK."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I think he's got to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The agency said it had taken action against the man and his family, and he had been charged with a range of offences."
"\"I think it's a shame that we didn't get to see it on TV,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company reported its second- quarter results."
"The first was the \"No \"vote, which was held in the autumn of 2015, and the second was the \"Yes \"vote, which was held in the autumn of 2016."
"The first thing you want to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book and go to the store."
"He said: \"I have been in the business for 15 years and I have never seen anything like this."
"\"I was a little bit surprised, but I've been a little bit surprised with the way the season has gone,\" he said."
"The company has been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice, which is investigating the company's practices."
"The biggest problem is that we don't know what the impact of the new rules will be on the NHS, or the people who will be affected."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do, and I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"He said: \"I've had a few conversations with people who've had a similar experience and I've been told that the best way to deal with it is to speak to them."
"The new rules will be introduced at the end of the year and will be reviewed in the coming months, the company said."
"The report said that the government's \"overwhelming support \"for the EU referendum was \"not sustainable \"if the economy continued to suffer."
"\"I think it's a great thing to be able to say you're going to do it,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to get the right people on board and we are going to be seeing a lot of good people on board."
"\"I have been in the business for a long time, so I know it's a very difficult business,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to address the issue and that it would be working with the European Commission on a plan."
"The biggest problem is that they don't know how to do it, they don't know how to do it in the real world, they don't know how to do it on the street."
"\"It's a really good thing to have a good team and a good manager,\" he said."
"The United States and Russia have been working together since the start of the year to build up the capacity to fight the Islamic State group."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"He said: \"I've been in the business for 25 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"The fact that we have to deal with these issues in a way that is not just about the cost of doing business, but also about the impact of the policies that are being imposed."
"\"I was so excited to get the chance to do this and I'm so grateful for the opportunity to do it,\" she said."
"The new rules will apply to those who have been in the UK for more than six months and those who have been in the UK for less than six months."
"I think we have a very good chance of winning this game, but I don't think we can do it on our own."
"I've been told that I'm not going to be able to play this week because I've been told that I'm not going to play."
"\"It's a lot of work, but it's a lot of fun,\" he said of his work on the show."
"\"We have to be careful about the way we look at the data and the way we look at the data and the data is going to be more accurate than the data is,\" he said."
"The problem is that the only way to get them is to go to the police and ask them to get the money."
"The government has also said it will not allow any \"suspected \"of having links to terrorism to travel to Syria."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" she said."
"It's a very hard thing to do, but I think it's a good thing to do."
"The new law will also require that all drivers who are on the road to be able to drive for at least two hours."
"The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said:'I don't know how she got away with this."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011, according to the UN."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 2 billion in the first quarter of this year, up from $ 1. 5 billion in the same period last year."
"The problem is that the only way to do that is to have a small number of people who are going to have to pay for it."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think of a good striker is that they're going to be a lot better than they were last year."
"The man's body was found in a field about a mile from where he had been shot, police said."
"\"It's a very good thing to have a good team and I think that's what we've got to do,\" he said."
"The couple had been married for six years and had been married for five years and had two children, aged two and three."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see the U. S. Congress pass a law to make it easier to bring cases."
"The new rules will be rolled out in the coming weeks, but they will not be the only changes to the system."
"It's a great thing for me to be able to go out there and play and be able to go out there and play and be able to play and be able to do that."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014 but has not carried out strikes against the group since it declared a state of emergency in March."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to monitor the situation."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the guys who are in the team are playing better,\" said Murray."
"The figures are part of a wider review of how the NHS is run, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year."
"The U. S. and its allies are bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and the U. S. is also bombing Islamic State in Yemen."
"I think it's a great way to get in a position to win games and hopefully get a win in the playoffs."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I've never been in a situation like this before, where I've been in a situation where a player has a chance to win,\" he said."
"The new rules are designed to ensure that the best way to help people who are in the middle class is to pay more."
"\"I think that's what he's been doing for a long time, and I think that's what he's been doing for a long time for the club,\" he said."
"The company said the new rules will help it reduce its costs and improve its customer experience, which has been a major factor in its rise in the market."
"The US State Department has been working with the Turkish government to resolve the issue, a senior State Department official told reporters."
"\"We are not a country that is going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the government's proposals were \"very, very difficult \"to implement."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for me to be in the position of being in the position of being in the position of being in the position of"
"\"We are not going to get a vote in this election,\" he said, referring to the results of the election."
"He said: \"I think the only thing I can say is that I don't think it's going to be a good thing for the club."
"\"We're not going to go into the house and say we're going to kill you,\" he said."
"The data shows that the number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has increased by 1. 6 million since the outbreak began in late 2014."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do this without the support of my family, my friends and my community,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I'm not going to do it,\" Trump said in a statement."
"He said: \"We've been in a very good position in terms of the season, but we're not really in a position to win games."
"The only thing I can say is that I am not going to be taking any money from anybody."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" she said."
"I'm not going to lie, I was very surprised by the reaction, but I was also very surprised by the fact that it was a good thing for me."
"He said: \"We have to be careful about what we say, we have to be careful about what we say in the press, we have to be careful about what we say in the media."
"The government's position is that it's not a crime to have sex with someone who is not your partner."
"I'm sure there are a lot of people who don't like the idea of a minimum wage, but I don't think it's a bad idea."
"I think it's going to be a tough game, but I'm going to be ready to go."
"He said he had been in the car for about an hour and a half before he was struck by the car."
"I don't think it's a good idea to be in a situation where you're not going to be able to do your job."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"It's a good thing for the club to have a good squad and we're not going to give up a lot of players."
"The government has said it is committed to making sure that no child is left behind in the process of learning English."
"\"I'm not going to go into details, but I'm going to say that I'm not going to be involved in any way,\" he said."
"The first thing you need to do is to be aware of the fact that you are not alone."
"The incident comes as a group of Chinese tourists are reportedly planning to travel to the UK to visit relatives of those killed in the terror attacks."
"The pair were also found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving and causing death by dangerous driving causing serious injury to a child."
"It is a new day for the country and it is a new day for the people of the United Kingdom, and I hope that I can do that."
"I have to admit, I was a bit surprised when I saw the video, but I have to say I was a bit surprised when I saw the video."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have a very tough year in the short term, but we're going to be able to win games,\" he said."
"He said: \"We are not going to be able to keep up with the growth in the number of people who are going to be able to come here."
"The man was taken to hospital in critical condition, but the woman was taken to hospital for treatment for her injuries."
"The most important thing is that you have a good relationship with your doctor and you don't have to worry about anything."
"The team's first- ever game against the New York Giants was played in San Francisco on Sept."
"The club is currently in the process of negotiating a deal with the player, who is due to be released from the club's medical staff on Thursday."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is said to have been in the car at the time of the crash."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other better and hopefully get to know each other more."
"\"I don't know what the outcome is going to be, I don't know what the outcome is going to be,\" he said."
"I don't know if it was a good idea or not, but I did it anyway."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the people who are here,\" he said."
"The company said it was making a \"significant investment \"in the new headquarters and that it was working with the city's planning department to secure the right space."
"The data also revealed that the number of people who have lost their jobs, or have been laid off, has dropped by more than half since the recession."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a nearby hospital where he was later released."
"It's not that we don't want to be a part of it, but we're not going to be part of it."
"It is not clear how many of the people who have been killed in the conflict have been civilians, but it is believed to be some 200."
"\"I think we're going to have to see what happens in the next couple of days,\" he said."
"It's not like I'm saying I'm going to go and do something, but I'm going to do something."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said:'I've been in the business for 20 years and I'm not a big fan of the idea of a woman in the role."
"\"I don't know how much he's going to be able to do in the short term,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for him, but we'll see,\" he said."
"Theresa May's government has promised to cut the deficit by an average of 2 per cent in the next five years, a key target set by the Chancellor."
"The other thing I noticed was that the people who were in the car were not as loud as the people who were in the car."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors, and it is now working on a new product."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to go out and have a big party in a big city like New York."
"The issue of whether to allow the use of the word \"rape \"in a speech is one of the most controversial issues in the campaign."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was not expecting to win this,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in January."
"I think it's a great opportunity to show people what we can do and how we can make a difference."
"The best way to help them is to get them to a place where they can be themselves and not be afraid to talk about it."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the first thing you want to do is to be in a position to do something,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's ready to play or not, but I'm not worried about him,\" he said."
"The government's announcement of a new tax on the sale of alcohol came as a surprise to many, but it was a welcome one."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by 50 per cent since the 1980s, the report said."
"I think that's the biggest thing for me personally, to be able to do that and be able to play in the Premier League."
"\"The only thing that I'm not going to do is go to the police,\" he said in a telephone interview from his home in the city."
"The man was taken to a local hospital where he is in a stable condition and is expected to survive, police said."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a team that can win games and that can be a really good team."
"\"We have a lot of young players who are playing in the Premier League and we're hoping that we can get them into the team,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to see how we can improve on the last two games and hopefully get a result."
"I think it's important for the players to understand that they have a responsibility to be able to do what they want to do."
"The prime minister's office said the government had not yet decided whether to appeal the ruling, but would appeal to the Supreme Court."
"The former secretary of state's campaign said she would be a \"very good choice \"to lead the party in the general election."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really disappointed with the way the game went,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we get this right, that we get this right in the right place,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"I don't know if it's a big deal or not, but I think it's a big deal."
"I've been in a few of these games and I've been very pleased with the result and the way we've played."
"The man was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital with serious injuries, and his condition is not yet known at this time."
"The EU is the single market for all goods and services, but it is also the market for the people who make them."
"The first thing I would say is that I'm not a fan of the idea of the NFL taking a stand on this issue."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" said the man, who declined to give his name."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has risen by more than a third since the 1980s, according to the World Health Organization."
"It's a very good team and we've got to be able to play the way we want to play."
"\"I've been in this business for 20 years and I've never had a problem,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to review the law and to ensure it was followed."
"The reason we're here is because we have to, and we have to be, able to do it."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial handling of the controversial \"bathroom bill \"that passed the Senate in December."
"I don't know if I'll be able to do that, but I'm sure I'll be able to."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem, but I don't think it's going to be a problem for the United States,\" he said."
"\"I have to tell you, I'm not going to be the next president,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to be the next president \"of the United States."
"The former prime minister said: \"I think it is important that we have a conversation about this, because it is a very important issue for the whole of society."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 7 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the first quarter of 2014."
"\"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to be doing anything else,\" he said."
"It's a shame that we're not able to get a bit of the ball out of him and he's got to be better than that."
"\"I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do, but I'm going to make sure that we're going to be able to make sure that we're able to do what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The US State Department said in a statement that \"the United States is committed to a strong, open and democratic Syria."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are doing this are doing it for the right reasons,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that we're going to be able to have a discussion about this,\" he said."
"\"I have a very good relationship with him and I have a very good relationship with the manager, and I have a very good relationship with him,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm going to try to get the best out of myself,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with a number of other companies to offer the service, but none had been offered."
"\"We are working with the government to ensure that we have the best possible facilities to support the growth of the industry,\" he said."
"\"The only way to get to the bottom of this is to look at the facts and see if there's anything wrong with the system,\" he said."
"\"We have to be very careful, because we have to be careful about what we say to the media,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but the shares were down 1 percent from a year earlier."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said that it is investigating the allegations against Trump's former campaign manager."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating a number of allegations of sexual misconduct against former President Bill Clinton, the Justice Department said in a letter to the Clinton Foundation on Wednesday."
"The government has not said how many people will be affected, but it is estimated to be around 100, 000."
"The U. S. is already on track to meet its target of reducing emissions by 20 percent by 2020."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2014."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a real discussion about what we want to do in the future,\" he said."
"The decision was made after a review of the circumstances of the incident and the victim's family was contacted by police."
"I have been in the business for a long time now, and I have always been a big supporter of the club."
"The company's shares were down 2. 4 per cent at $ 28. 20 on Wednesday, their lowest level since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce by about 10 per cent."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of services to the public, including online courses and online training."
"The group has been under pressure from the government to release the documents, but has not yet done so."
"The figures come as the government is preparing to introduce a new online shopping system, which will see the sale of goods and services on the internet."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the inquiry and that it will not be able to pay for the costs of the inquiry itself."
"I've been in this business for 30 years, and I've never been in a position where I've been in a position where I've been in a position where I've been able to do anything."
"\"I was thinking about my kids and how I was going to get them out of school,\" she said."
"He said: \"I'm not sure how much the Government is going to spend on this but I'm sure they're going to spend it on something else."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea for the government to have a policy that's going to be a disaster for the economy,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I am not going to sit here and say that I don't want to be involved in the next round."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index gained 0. 7 per cent to $ 1. 26."
"The men, who were all aged between 20 and 30, were arrested on suspicion of murder and were taken to a local hospital where they were treated for minor injuries."
"The government has not yet decided whether to appeal the ruling but is appealing the decision of the Supreme Court of Australia, which has ruled against the government's request."
"It was a great way to end the year and it was a great way to end the year for me and my family."
"It's a big step forward, but it's not the end of the world for me."
"\"I have to admit, I was really surprised by how many people were surprised by the fact that I was not a white person,\" she said."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The new rules will be announced in the coming weeks and will be implemented over the next few months, the company said."
"He was the only one who was able to do it, and he did it with such a great sense of purpose."
"The new rules will be introduced at a meeting of the European Parliament's executive committee on Wednesday, the day before the referendum."
"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I'm going to try to make it a bit more fun."
"The court heard that the man was a former police officer and had been in custody since October 2013."
"\"The government is not going to give us a choice,\" he said, adding that he was not prepared to give up his position."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the president of the United States,\" he said."
"I was very surprised when I saw the video and I was really surprised to hear that the woman was the one who had the gun."
"The state's Democratic Party has been struggling with the issue of female voters, and the state's Democratic Party has been struggling with the issue of female voters, and it has a lot of female voters."
"I'm not sure how much it will affect the way the game is played, but I'm sure it will."
"I was very disappointed when I saw the video and I was so disappointed when I saw the video of the police officer who shot the man."
"\"It's a bit of a stretch to say it's a good thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The idea of a \"special relationship \"between the UK and the US is not new, but the UK has always had a strong relationship with the US."
"The team is now in talks with the United States to try and secure the deal, but the U. S. is not interested in the deal."
"\"I don't think it's a big deal, but it's a big deal to have a woman on the team,\" he said."
"The first thing you do is you have to know what you're doing, and then you have to be able to do it."
"The prime minister's office said it was \"deeply shocked \"by the incident and had spoken to the families of the victims."
"I think that's what we're trying to do, and I think it's important for us to keep our focus on that."
"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say and do and we've got to be very careful about what we say and don't say and don't say about the things we've done."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 in the UK is up by more than half since the end of 2015."
"He was a big part of that, he was one of the first to get a chance to play in the Premier League."
"I think it's important to keep in mind that you're not going to get any money from it."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the recession on the economy."
"He said:'I was just in shock and I couldn't believe it, but I knew I'd done it."
"\"I don't think it's a problem that I'm a woman, but it's a problem that I'm not a woman,\" he said."
"The man's wife and two children were also taken to hospital, but he is not believed to have been seriously injured."
"\"I don't think he's got the talent to be a top player in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The company said it would have to pay $ 1. 5 billion to settle a lawsuit brought by the victims."
"The court heard that the man had been in a relationship with the woman for a number of years, and had been on the man's side of the relationship."
"\"I don't know if it's a big deal to have a kid in the first place,\" he said."
"The company said in a statement that it would continue to monitor the situation and would not comment further."
"The police officer was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for minor injuries and released, the police said."
"The UK's economy grew by 2. 3 per cent in the third quarter, compared with a 2. 2 per cent gain in the previous quarter."
"The three- year- old boy was rushed to a hospital where he was later diagnosed with a rare form of cancer."
"I think it's a good thing that he's in the game and I think he's got a good chance to be a good player."
"The researchers also found that the people who were more likely to be diagnosed with the condition were also more likely to be in a relationship."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, which will be followed by the first major consultation on the issue."
"Theresa May has warned that the UK would have to take \"full responsibility \"for the impact of Brexit on the EU if the UK votes to leave the bloc."
"The company has a market capitalization of $ 2. 5 billion in the U. S., and has about $ 4 billion in worldwide sales."
"\"I've been in the business for 15 years, and I've always had a passion for the sport,\" he said."
"It's a very tough game, but we've got to win it and we have to win it now."
"I think it's a very important thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're not going to give up."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the risk of a stroke was twice as high in women who had been given the drug."
"The two- year- old was also taken to a hospital in a critical condition after being struck by a car."
"\"I have been to the Olympics twice and I have never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The problem is that the government is not going to be able to do that, because it's not going to be able to do it in the long term."
"It's a big game, and I think we're going to get a lot of good points from the teams."
"The company said it was working on a new strategy to help it compete with the likes of Amazon and Google."
"I think it's important to have a conversation about what you're doing, and what you're doing for the people of the United States."
"The first time I went to the doctor I was told I was going to have a heart attack and I had to go to the emergency department."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship, because I know the people around me,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be looking at a number of different options, but we're going to be looking at a number of different options that we're going to be able to support,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people around you, and to be able to talk to them,\" he says."
"The number of people who have been killed in the war has risen by more than 10 per cent since the start of the conflict, according to UN figures."
"The first thing you have to do is to understand that you're not going to get the job done if you don't get the job done."
"The company's shares fell as much as 5 per cent on Monday, after the company's shares fell as much as 5 per cent on Monday, after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players, for the fans to know that we're going to be back in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"fully committed to the safety and security of our customers \"and would continue to work with them to ensure they are safe."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the incident."
"The state's unemployment rate is now 4. 6 percent, which is the lowest level since the recession, and the unemployment rate for men is now 5. 9 percent."
"\"We're going to be working with the police, we're going to be working with the local authorities,\" he said."
"The man, who has not been named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries, the police said in a statement."
"The most recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco shows that the economy grew by 0. 2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2015."
"The three- year- old was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"\"We are not going to have a government that is going to be able to take care of the people,\" he said."
"\"We have a great team and I'm excited to be playing for them,\" he said."
"He said:'I'm not going to lie- I've been in the business for 30 years and it's not easy."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The group said it was not aware of any cases of people being killed by drones in Pakistan."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I'm happy to do it,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to stay calm and to stay in the moment and to not give up on the game."
"I'm not sure if it's the same as last year, but I think it's going to be a different story this year."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced in the autumn, but the government has yet to announce a final decision."
"The other thing that I've learned is that you can't have a good time without a good time."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we have a lot of bad players,\" he said."
"He said: \"The problem is that we have a very small number of people who are not capable of doing the job."
"The study found that the more people who were given the drug, the more they were likely to develop depression."
"He said: \"I was in the car with my wife and two young children when I saw a man with a gun."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased from 1. 5 million in 2010 to 2. 5 million in 2015."
"\"I've got a lot of friends who are in the same boat, and I'm going to be the one who gets them,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not the way I want to be,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to sit back and say I'm not going to do it,\" he said."
"He said he had not been to the site since the attack, and had not been to the site since the first attack on the same day."
"The company has been in talks with the state government for more than a year, but has yet to sign a contract."
"The government has said it wants to make it easier for people to access services such as social care, education and employment."
"\"I don't know what the reaction will be,\" he said, adding that he had not seen the video yet."
"The first time I saw the video, I was so shocked that I didn't think it was real."
"\"I think it's important to understand what it is that we're dealing with and what we're going to do about it,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has said the UK would be better off if it had a free trade agreement with the EU."
"It's a bit of a surprise that we have to go through that again, but we are still in the game."
"It is a very difficult time for the NHS and we are not going to be able to provide the services that we need."
"The first time I went to the store, I was told it was a gift, but I didn't know what it was."
"He said: \"I'm not a fan of the idea of a single- class society, but I do believe in the idea of a single- class society."
"It is not clear whether the man was armed, but police said he had been at the property for a short time."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming months, with the first set of rules to be introduced in the autumn."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at his home in the city on Tuesday, according to the police."
"It's a long way from the mainland, but it's a long way from the city, and it's a long way from the country,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been pushing for a nuclear- armed Iran to be allowed to conduct nuclear activities, but the Obama administration has not yet agreed on how to do so."
"\"I'm not sure what the right thing to do would be, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The United States is not a member of the European Union, but it is a member of the European Union- and the EU is not a member of the European Union."
"The same day, a Syrian man who was shot dead by police in a residential area of Aleppo was also killed."
"The first thing you want to do is make sure you're in the right place at the right time, and that's what we're doing."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a very good year for the club,\" he said."
"I think we have to look at it from the perspective of the players and the manager and the players have to understand that they are not going to be able to play the way they want to play."
"\"It's not just the number of people who are affected, it's the quality of the care,\" he said."
"The poll also found that the majority of Americans, 78 percent, believe that the U. S. is too weak to deal with the challenges of climate change."
"I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I don't know what I'm going to do."
"\"I think it's a very good idea for the government to do this, because it's a very good idea,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good idea of what you're going to be doing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's going to be a big game for us,\" he said of the tournament."
"He was also the first to admit that the government had not been fully informed about his case, which he said had been brought to his attention by a member of the public."
"The first time I went to the store, I was a little bit nervous because I didn't know what to expect."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 9 per share, or 1. 9 percent, to $ 1. 21 in afternoon trading."
"\"I don't think I've ever been in a position where I've been in the position where I'm not being heard,\" he said."
"\"I think we're all better off in this world if we don't have to do this,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the coming weeks, will be the first of its kind in the UK."
"I think the best thing for us is to go out there and play our best football and try to win the game."
"The only way to prevent this from happening again is to have a system in place that is not just for the rich but also for everyone."
"\"I think we've done a good job of getting the ball in the air and I think we've done a good job of getting the ball in the air,\" he said."
"The U. S. is the only major country to have not yet announced a plan to send troops to Syria, which has been divided between the government and opposition."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I don't think the game is going to be better this year,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult game, and I think we've got to get our heads around it,\" he said."
"He said: \"I have been in the business for 20 years and I have never seen anything like this."
"\"I've been in a lot of situations where I've been the victim of a crime and I'm not going to be the victim of that,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for not doing enough to address the issue of the lack of access to the data it needs for its operations."
"The man, who has not been named, was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to be in a situation where you're not going to be able to do something,\" she said."
"The majority of people in the UK are not in the EU, and the UK is not a member of the European Union."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 11. 25 in afternoon trading on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company reported its third- quarter results on Monday."
"He's a big, strong guy, he's got a lot of speed, he can play the game, he's got a lot of experience."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has launched an investigation into whether a Russian government hacking group was responsible for the hacking."
"It's a very, very hard thing to do, but I think it's a good thing to do."
"The problem is, the number of people who can afford to pay for a home in the UK has risen by almost a third in the last year."
"I'm not saying that we don't have a lot of talent, but we need to keep that in mind."
"\"I'm going to be a very good leader in this campaign,\" Trump said in a statement on Thursday."
"The plan is to have a very good year, but we've got to get better and better."
"I think that's the most important thing for me to do, and I'm going to do it because I think it's the right thing to do."
"The study found that the more people who had been diagnosed with the disease, the more likely they were to have a family history of the disease."
"\"We're going to be there for them, and they're going to be there for us,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good thing for the game because it's a game that's going to be a long time coming,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm not sure I want to leave my house,\" he said."
"I've been working with the players and I'm happy to be back here and I'm happy to play for them."
"It is not clear how many of the people who have been affected have been identified, and it is not clear how many of those affected are still alive."
"The paper says the \"hard- to- reach \"policy is likely to have a negative impact on the economy."
"It's the first time since the referendum that the UK has voted to leave the European Union, and it's the first time in the history of the UK that the UK has voted to leave the European Union."
"The same poll also found that the share of Americans who say they are not sure about the future of the country has increased by more than a third since the election."
"The latest figures show the number of deaths has increased by more than 20 per cent in the past year, while the number of injuries has increased by more than 20 per cent."
"\"I'm not sure what the effect of that is, but I think it's going to be a big boost for the economy,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been working with Saudi Arabia on a deal to end the war in Yemen, but it has yet to agree on how to do so."
"The number of deaths from the Zika virus in the United States has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in late August."
"The EU is also considering a proposal to ban the use of the word \"Brexit,\" which could be used to describe a country's future relationship with the UK."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but they were down 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"I have been working on it for a while and I've got a lot of confidence in it and I've got a lot of respect for the guys who are working on it."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, and its shares were down more than 4 per cent in after- hours trading."
"It's not just the players, but the staff, the players, the coaches, the staff that we're going to be talking to."
"The first thing you need to do is to be aware of your own potential and be prepared for the consequences."
"\"I don't know what the outcome is going to be but we have to win the game,\" he said."
"The same goes for the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in the past year, the researchers found."
"\"The reason I'm here is to show people that we can do this,\" he said, adding that he was not a candidate for the presidency."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody."
"He said: \"It's a big game and we have to be careful when we play them."
"The couple's children, aged six and nine, are also in the care of the hospital."
"It's a big game, but I'm not going to be surprised if we win it."
"\"I don't think it's fair for the government to have to go through a process that's going to be very difficult,\" he said."
"The most recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco showed the U. S. economy grew at an annual rate of 2. 6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2015."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to say it's going to be a bad thing, but I'm going to say that it's going to be a good thing."
"The biggest thing we need to do is get the ball in the right place and get the right players in the right places."
"The state's attorney general's office said it had received a report from the state's attorney's office about the incident."
"\"The idea of a big, big deal is not going to be a reality,\" he said."
"The company said it would also invest $ 1. 5 billion in the United States, $ 1. 5 billion in Canada and $ 1. 6 billion in the United Kingdom."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital where he was later released and is now in a stable condition."
"I am very proud of the work that we have done and I am very proud of the work of the people who have helped to make this country great."
"\"I don't want to be in the position where I have to go through the process of making a decision,\" he said."
"He said: \"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to go out and buy a ticket."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to do it,\" he said, adding that he would not be voting for Trump."
"He's a very good player and he's a good leader, and we're going to be very pleased with him."
"\"I've been here a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's the right thing to do, but it's something that needs to be done,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to go there,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq since late 2014, but has not been able to strike the group's headquarters."
"\"I'm not sure what the answer is, but I think it's good to have a little bit of confidence in yourself,\" he said."
"The man, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, was taken to hospital with serious injuries, police said."
"It is a big game and we are going to be a lot better at it, but we have to play better than we have done in the past."
"The first thing I want to do is to get my head around it and see if I can get the ball in the right place."
"The UK's biggest banks have been hit by a surge in interest rates following the Brexit vote, according to new figures."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28, while shares of Apple Inc. com fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"\"We have to get the right people in the right places, and I think that's what we're going to see in the next couple of weeks,\" he said."
"The report also said that the number of people who have been arrested for drug offences in England and Wales rose by more than 20 per cent between 2011 and 2015."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Friday, after falling more than 3 percent in the past week."
"It's a good feeling, but I don't know if I will be able to do it again."
"\"I don't think it's going to happen, but we're not going to stop until we do,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that's a good idea,\" he said, adding that he has not been in contact with the club."
"The UK government's official statistics show that the number of people using the internet has fallen by more than half in the last decade."
"The average age of the first- time buyers is now 25, compared with 25 in 2014, and the average age of the first- time buyers is now 35."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say to each other,\" he said, adding that he had been in contact with the police."
"The government has said it will continue to work with the European Commission to ensure that EU citizens have the right to live and work in the UK."
"\"I think the best thing for the players is to get the ball in the right place and be ready to go,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of children living with their parents increased by more than 20 per cent between 2000 and 2015."
"The company's stock rose more than 3 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's earnings report on Tuesday."
"The new rules will be introduced in the next few weeks and will apply to all new customers starting in January."
"I don't know if they're going to be able to do it, but I'm confident they're going to be able to do it."
"The Prime Minister has been clear that he will not accept the result of the referendum, and that he will not accept the result of the referendum on the EU."
"The man was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he later died, police said."
"It was the first time since the war began that the United States had not been involved in the war."
"The first thing I did when I came back from the hospital was to get a couple of bags of coffee and a bottle of wine."
"The president of the European Commission has said the UK should be allowed to remain in the EU, but that the EU would be better off without the UK."
"The UK's biggest bank, which has a market capitalisation of \u00a3 2. 4 billion, said it would not comment on the details of the deal."
"\"I'm not going to say what I think is right for the country, but I'm going to say what I think is right for the country,\" he said."
"He was also accused of having a \"lack of respect for the law \"and \"no respect for the people \"he worked with."
"I think we have got a very good squad and we have got a lot of quality players and we need to keep improving."
"The study also found that women who had been pregnant for more than a year were more likely to have had a heart attack."
"The only thing I can say is that I am very proud of the work that I have done in the last few years."
"\"It's not that I don't want to be here, it's just that I have to be here,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to make sure you're not going to be a burden on your family."
"\"I don't want to be the guy who's going to be the guy who's going to make the team,\" he said."
"He said: \"We have to make sure we have a proper understanding of what's going on in the world."
"He said he would be happy to work with the federal government to help him find a job and get his family out of poverty."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition has dropped by more than 50% in the past year, the study found."
"The two men were arrested at the scene and were taken to a hospital for treatment, the statement said."
"\"It's a very good thing that the U. S. government is willing to listen to our concerns,\" he said."
"The new rules are part of a broader effort to combat the spread of illegal drugs, which is expected to increase the number of people who are infected."
"The prime minister said he was \"very disappointed \"by the decision, but he added that the government had to \"take the necessary steps \"to address the issue."
"\"I don't know how to describe it, but it's a pretty good team,\" he said."
"The British government is already considering whether to take a more active role in the negotiations, which could be seen as a sign of the government's desire to avoid the EU's open door policy."
"It's not like I'm saying I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat."
"The government has said it will continue to fight the war on drugs, but has not yet made a decision about whether to allow the use of the drug."
"The UK is one of the few countries in the world that doesn't have a minimum wage, but we need to do more."
"I was a little bit nervous because I didn't know what to expect, but I was so happy to be here."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government is going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"I think it's a shame that he's not able to play for us, because he's not a big part of the team."
"The official said the government would not be able to offer a formal response to the report until the next session of parliament in April."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a fan of the team, but I'm not going to be a fan of the manager."
"\"We have to be careful not to make a mistake and take the wrong decision,\" he said."
"\"I've got to be able to play in the game and I'm going to be able to get a good look at the game,\" he said."
"I'm a big fan of the game and I think we've got a good team and we've got a good defence."
"He said the police had been called to the house at around 1. 30pm and had been informed that the man had been stabbed in the head."
"It is a very good thing for the club and the fans to see him play, but we have to wait and see what happens."
"The couple have been married for more than a decade, and have two children, aged eight and nine."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict in Syria has increased by more than a million since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I've been working on this for a long time and I've just got to keep pushing it forward,\" he said."
"The European Commission said it had received a complaint from the Turkish authorities on Wednesday, and that it would take further action."
"The government has said it will not allow the use of the term \"terrorist,\" as the law requires."
"It's a good way to start off the season, and we're going to have a lot of good games."
"He's a great guy and he's a good guy, but I think he's a little bit different from what we're used to."
"The fact that he was able to do that is a sign that he's a player that we're going to be looking at for a long time."
"The report said the UK's overall population was growing at a rate of 1. 5 per cent a year for the past five years."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the pace of the rise in the number of migrants arriving in the country."
"The government has been trying to get a deal on the issue since last year, but has not been able to get it through parliament."
"\"I was really surprised to see that, and I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The only thing we can say is that we are not going to be doing anything to stop the flow of migrants."
"I have been told that I will be sent back to the UK and that I will be banned from the country for life."
"\"I think that's a good thing to do, because it's a chance to see what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The new law will apply to all EU citizens, regardless of their country of residence, regardless of whether they are citizens of the EU or not."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be in the game,\" he said."
"The government's response to the report is to say it is not going to be able to provide the information it needs to make a decision."
"I'm not going to say that we're going to be able to do that in the future, but we are."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is for the people who are in the business to come together and work on a common goal,\" he said."
"I'm sure they will be disappointed but I'm sure they will be happy with the outcome and we will keep working hard to get the best deal for them."
"\"It's not a matter of who's winning, it's a matter of who's winning,\" he said."
"The UK government has said it is \"deeply concerned \"about the impact of the Brexit vote on its own economy."
"The new rules, which will apply to all EU citizens, will be published in the autumn, but the UK government has said it will not be making any changes."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I've got to be honest with you, I didn't even realize what I was doing,\" he said."
"\"The reality is that the government is not going to let us have a debate about this,\" he said."
"The company said it was not aware of any other cases where it has lost money on its flights, but said it was investigating the allegations."
"\"I have to say, I'm a little disappointed in the way the season has gone,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go into a club and play for a team that is going to be a very good team."
"\"We have a very good team and we are going to have a good year,\" he said."
"The company has said it will not be able to provide a replacement for the current model, which is expected to be unveiled next month."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said he had been waiting for the police to come and take him away."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Friday, after the company reported a loss of $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, but fell more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The new rules, which will come into force on 1 January, will apply to the whole of the UK, not just the UK of the six countries that have not yet signed up."
"The first thing we need to do is to make sure we are doing our job and we are not letting the other teams get away with it."
"\"It is a very difficult decision, but I am determined to get the best possible deal for the country,\" he said."
"I think it's going to be a tough game, but I think we've got to be ready for it."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital for treatment and is in a stable condition, the statement said."
"It's a very difficult situation, but I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to offer it to the players."
"It's not a great place to be, but it's a great place to be and I'm happy to be here."
"The group's website says it is \"a global movement \"that aims to \"change the world \"by promoting peace, justice and respect for human rights."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House since 2009, has been critical of Trump's campaign rhetoric."
"The new president's office said in a statement that the president was \"deeply grateful \"for the support of the U. S. military."
"The new rules will be introduced in the next few weeks and will apply to all members of the public, including those who are not members of the public."
"\"I don't think it's a good thing for the country to be in a situation where they can't have their cake and eat it,\" he said."
"I think that's the most important thing for me, because I've got to do it and I'm going to do it."
"The company has said it will take a \"hard look \"at the deal, which could be worth up to $ 1 billion."
"The group said it had been in contact with the couple's family for a number of years and was now looking to move into the property."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, their biggest drop since the company's shares were up more than 3 per cent in mid- December."
"The latest figures show the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV has increased by more than 50 per cent since the start of the year."
"The report also found that the number of people who are not using social media has increased by more than 20% in the last five years."
"\"We have a lot of good players in the squad and we are very happy with the way we have played,\" he said."
"\"The biggest thing that's going to happen is that the public will have to come together and say, \"We're not going to let this happen,\" \"he said."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to make sure that we are not just going to be the next president,\" he said."
"\"The fact that I am a woman, I have a very strong sense of who I am as a woman,\" she said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it was investigating the case and that it would review the case further."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do that in the future,\" he said."
"I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do, but I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do, and we're going to do it together."
"\"We have a lot of people who want to be part of this and we're going to try to make it as easy as possible for them,\" he said."
"It was a big step for us to get the win and we're very happy about that."
"The last time we had a chance to talk about it was in the final of the 2014 World Cup, when we had a few guys who didn't know each other."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will be delivered to the airline's customers."
"\"I don't know what the situation is, but I'm going to be doing everything I can to help the club,\" he said."
"I don't want to say too much about the fact that I'm a little bit disappointed with the result."
"The problem is that we have a lot of people who are not in the top 10, and that's a problem."
"The city's mayor said he would not be able to attend the meeting, but he said he would be able to attend the meeting."
"\"I think we need to be very clear about what we're doing,\" he said, adding that he is \"not going to compromise \"on the issue."
"\"I think we've got a lot of good players in this group, so we've got a good group of guys who are going to be ready to play,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what's going to happen, but I'll be there to support him."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the game, but I think it's a good thing."
"He said he was not surprised by the decision to go public with the allegations, but said he was not surprised by the fact that the public had been left with no choice."
"He said: \"We have to be careful not to let the wrong people in and out of the game."
"I'm not sure that's what I want to do, but I'm going to try and do something that's going to help the team."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman,\" she said, adding that she has never been told to stop using the term."
"\"I think the first thing I would do is to say thank you to all of the people who have helped me in the last few weeks,\" he said."
"The question is whether they will be able to cope with the new demands of the new era of the party."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always been a big fan of the club and the players."
"The UK's first female prime minister has said she will not be voting for the Brexit vote, despite the fact she is a woman."
"The company's shares were down 2 percent at $ 1. 30, or $ 1. 28, after the news broke."
"The average cost of a home in the United States is $ 1. 2 million, according to the U. S. Department of the Interior."
"The fact that he was able to get the job done in the first place was a big boost for the club and the players."
"\"The first thing I did was to get a couple of the boys to come over and talk to me,\" he says."
"The company has been in discussions with the U. S. government since last year, and the company has been in talks with the U. S. State Department since last year, according to a source familiar with the discussions."
"The government has been criticised for failing to ensure that the vast majority of the people who live in the capital are safe."
"\"We have to keep in mind that this is a new game, and we're not going to win it,\" he said."
"The deal was approved in March, but it was not until the end of March that the government announced it was closing the deal."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 10% since the company's first public offering last year."
"The government is also trying to convince the public that the UK is still a member of the European Union, and that the UK should remain part of the single market."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm not going to be the one who's going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"I don't know how much longer he can stay here, but he's going to be a very good player."
"The problem is that we don't know how many people are actually going to be able to get into the UK, or whether they will be able to get into the EU."
"I think it's important for the club to be able to say that we're not going to be in the Champions League."
"\"I've got to be careful with the money that I have, and I'm not going to be able to afford to,\" he said."
"I have been in a relationship for over two years and have been very lucky to have had a good relationship."
"\"The only thing that's going to stop me from doing it is the fact that I'm a woman,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure how to put it, but I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to vote for Donald Trump,\" he said."
"He said the \"biggest challenge \"was to keep up with the pace of the game and the pace of the opposition."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the conflict began in 2011."
"I have a lot of friends who are in the business and they are all in the same boat, they are all looking for a job."
"I'm not sure what the outcome will be, but I'm sure we will be able to get the best deal for the players."
"I'm not going to say that we're going to be able to do that, but we're going to have to do it."
"He said:'I've been in the hospital for about six months and I'm still not 100 per cent."
"The new rules, which were announced in a joint statement with the Ministry of Justice, will be published in due course."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the players and the staff, but I don't want to be a part of that,\" he said."
"\"It's a very different experience to being in a bar and seeing people,\" she says."
"The group's latest survey of the nation's largest cities found that the number of people moving to the suburbs increased by more than a quarter."
"The city's mayor has been asked by the BBC to step down after the BBC revealed he was not a candidate for the job."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to a cease- fire in Syria, but the Syrian government has not yet agreed to a cease- fire in the country."
"It's a great feeling to be back in the game and I'm looking forward to the challenge of playing at the top level."
"The new rules, which were introduced in the wake of the Paris terror attacks last year, are expected to be rolled out in the coming months."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy, which would be rolled out over the next five years."
"\"I think the most important thing is to keep it in the back of our minds,\" he said."
"\"The reason I'm here is because I want to be here, and I want to make a difference for my country,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to be in the right place at the right time, and I think we've done that."
"\"It's a matter of time before we see a change, and it's not going to happen overnight,\" he said."
"It's a big game, and you can't be too careful with it, especially when you're playing against a team that's a little bit stronger."
"The same is true for the public sector, which is the only sector that has not been affected by the Brexit vote."
"It's not a bad thing to be in the spotlight, but it's not something I would want to do."
"The deal is the latest sign of the government's determination to tackle the country's biggest health problem."
"I have a feeling that I have to play a bit better than I did last year to get back into the team."
"The US and Russia have been working together to fight ISIS, but the Russian military has been unable to take part in the operation."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be here for the next five years, I'm just going to be here for the next five years,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent to $ 30. 28 in afternoon trading, but the stock has fallen more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the announcement, which came as a surprise to some investors."
"I think it's important that we have a plan in place to help the families that are affected by this."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 20, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact of the decision will be,\" he told the BBC's \"Today \"show."
"It's a shame that we have to wait until the end of the year to see what we have to offer."
"I don't know how many people have been killed in the last few days, but I can't believe that we have got a ceasefire."
"The group has been accused of using a false name and identity to claim the UK was a haven for terrorists."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to vote for Donald Trump, but I'm going to vote for him because I believe in him,\" he said."
"The U. S. is also the only country that has not yet implemented a ban on transgender people."
"The city's mayor has been asked to step down and the city's police chief resigned, according to the Associated Press."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say I'm going to go out and do something and say it's not going to be good,\" he said."
"The new policy will be rolled out to all schools, with the aim of making it easier for parents to access the services they need."
"The report also found that the number of people using the service fell from a peak of 1. 3 million in the summer of 2015 to 1. 5 million in the summer of 2016."
"He has a lot of experience and he has a lot of experience in the NRL and he's got a lot of experience in the NRL."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is now in custody."
"I think it's important to be able to make the most of the opportunity that comes your way."
"The move is the latest in a series of measures that the government is taking to try to reduce the number of migrants who arrive in the country."
"\"The only way to do that is to make it so that the government can't do anything about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're all here in the same place,\" he said."
"The next day, he was arrested and charged with possession of a controlled substance, a class A offense."
"The team's first- ever loss came in the final of the regular season, when they lost to the Denver Broncos."
"The first thing I want to do is to say thank you to all the people who have supported me and my family over the years."
"The fact that they're still there, and that they're still going to be there for a long time, I think is a great thing."
"The government's announcement came as the European Union's single market membership was set to be extended to cover the UK."
"It was a really good thing to be able to play in a game like this, and I'm very happy with the result."
"The two men were charged with murder, attempted murder and attempted murder in connection with the death of a 12- year- old girl in a Glasgow street."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 16, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"I've got to be very careful in what I say and what I do because I want to be a very careful actor,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's the right time to be a father, or if it's the right time to be a mother, or if it's the right time to be a father."
"I've been in the business for over 30 years and I've never had a problem with the idea that I could be a part of it."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get a good look at what's going on in the world and hopefully get some perspective on what's going on in the world."
"It's a great opportunity to show off your skills and get some practice time, but I'm not sure it will be a huge boost for me."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people who work in the industry, and I respect the people who have been here for a long time,\" she said."
"\"I don't know how they can do this without the support of the police,\" he said."
"\"I have to say, I'm not surprised by the fact that he's running,\" said the former Republican governor."
"I think it's a shame that he's not going to be able to play in the next couple of weeks."
"The first thing we want to do is to make sure that we're not in the position to make decisions that affect the lives of people who are in the water."
"\"We are not going to have a single- issue candidate in the race,\" he said."
"I'm not saying I'm going to go out and do it all, but I'm not going to go out and do it all and I'm not going to go out and do it all."
"The U. S. State Department said it was aware of the incident and was working with the authorities to determine the cause."
"\"I have no doubt that the first thing we will do is to get the right people in the right places,\" he said."
"The president- elect has been critical of the trade deals that have been signed by the United States and Canada, and has called for a ban on trade with the European Union."
"The group said it had been in contact with the authorities in France and was investigating the incident."
"\"The problem is that we're not really able to do that,\" he said of the new system, which he hopes will be rolled out across the country."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will investigate the allegations against Clinton's aides, and that it will not seek criminal charges."
"\"I've had a few conversations with people who are concerned about the impact of the Brexit vote,\" he said."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to make sure that we don't have to worry about it,\" he said."
"The plan is to put the money into a fund that will be used to fund the university's own research and development."
"The reason is that the U. S. has a long history of using drones to target terrorists and other criminals."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem,\" he said, adding that he would be willing to work with the government on a deal to end the conflict."
"The U. S. is not a member of the European Union, but it is a member of NATO, and it has a role to play."
"The company's shares rose 2. 7 per cent to $ 9. 50 in afternoon trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important to be able to talk about the things that we're doing and the things that we're not doing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 0. 9 per cent to $ 15. 17 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"It's not a question of whether he'll be in the mix, but what he's done."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than a third since the early 1980s, according to the World Health Organization."
"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business and to see them as a partner."
"\"I don't think we can go back to the way we were, and we have to make sure we have a good team,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to be very disappointed with us,\" he said."
"The new study, which was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that people who were more likely to be diagnosed with depression were more likely to be diagnosed with heart disease."
"The government is also looking at a new tax on the sale of property in the city, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"I don't think he's going to be able to do that for us, and I don't think we're going to be able to do that for him."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they are not going to be the only ones to be injured,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to do a lot of things to get to where we want to be,\" he said."
"I am not sure how much of a difference it makes to the people who are affected, but it's a big one."
"I was very happy with the way I played and I was a bit disappointed with the way I played but I'm not going to give up on the game."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is being held in a police station."
"The company said it had already had a successful campaign to get the contract to be delivered to the UK, but it would be \"very difficult \"to get the deal to the UK."
"The study also found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with a heart attack or stroke in the past year was the same as that for all other age groups."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, because I'm not going to be able to play for a long time,\" he said."
"The government's plan to increase the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 an hour is one of the biggest political victories of the campaign."
"The company said it was also working with the U. S. Department of Justice to develop a new anti- terrorism law."
"The report also said that the number of people who had been infected with Zika in the past year was about the same as in 2015."
"\"I think it's a very good thing to have a good relationship with the government,\" he said."
"It was a very good performance for me and I'm sure it will be a good one for the rest of the season."
"The Fed's last rate hike in December was in December 2009, and the agency's next rate hike is scheduled for January 2018."
"The company said it had \"no plans \"to cut the number of workers it would hire in the future, but said it would continue to invest in the industry."
"\"We are working with the authorities to find out what happened and we will be looking at the matter with the relevant authorities,\" he said."
"\"It's a little bit different to a lot of the other games that we've played,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The study found that the average age of the women who were tested was 14. 5 years, while the men were 13. 5 years."
"The first thing you have to do is to understand that you're not the only one that's going to be affected."
"It's a good thing that we're playing at home so we can get a win and hopefully we can get a win here."
"He said: \"I'm not sure how I would feel if I was in a hospital or in a hospital with a patient who was in a very serious condition."
"The company said it had been able to secure a contract for $ 3. 5 billion from a Chinese company for a new factory in China."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are doing this are not the ones who are going to be the ones who are going to be able to save the world,\" he said."
"\"I think we have a very good chance to win, but we need to be prepared for that,\" he said."
"The new rules will be announced at a meeting of the European Parliament on Thursday, but it is not clear whether the government will introduce them in the House of Commons."
"The first thing you do when you're out there is to look at the other players and see if they're ready to play."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have an open meeting,\" he said."
"He said: \"I have been a victim of the kind of abuse I've been through and I've had to deal with it myself."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issue of immigration, and I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issue of the refugee crisis,\" he said."
"I think we're in a very good place, we're in a very good place, we're in a very good place, we're in a very good place, we're in a very good place."
"The last time I saw him was in the final of the 2012 World Cup in Brazil, when he was a little boy."
"The new law will be implemented in the first half of 2016, but it is not expected to affect the rest of the country."
"\"I'm going to be a very, very good leader, and I'm going to be a very, very good leader for the United States,\" he said."
"The first thing I did when I got the call was to go to the office and get the phone number."
"The report says the government has not been able to prevent the rise of the Islamic State group, which has claimed responsibility for the attacks."
"I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to win it all, but we're going to win it all."
"He said: \"I'm not sure how much we're going to get back from the UK and the European Union."
"The three- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive."
"It's a great opportunity to be able to say, \"I want to do this, I want to be a part of this,\" and to be able to say, \"I want to do this, I want to be a part of"
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be played in the middle of the park,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do the same thing as he did in the past."
"I'm not sure how much I can afford to pay for the stuff I need to do for my family."
"The government has said it will not be able to spend the money until the next election, which is set to be held in 2019."
"The report said the government's plan to tackle the problem was \"not in line with the needs of the people \"and the government had to take action."
"The most important thing to do is to get the right people in the right places, and that's what we're doing."
"The last time I went to the Olympics, I was in a group of 10 people and I was in the group of five."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries, while the two- year- old girl has been taken to a local hospital with serious injuries."
"He said: \"I've been on the phone with the police and they've told me they're not going to take my phone away from me."
"\"I've had a lot of people ask me what I'm doing, and I've said I'm doing it for the benefit of the community,\" he said."
"\"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"I think it's important for people to know that we're not going to be able to do it in the next few years."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the year, the UN says."
"The report also found that the number of people aged over 65 who are still using the drug is on the rise."
"The new rules, which were introduced by the government in June, will be introduced in the autumn, and will be published in a consultation paper on the changes."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that in my life, so I have to do it,\" she said."
"\"I think the people who are in the position of being in charge of the country are the people who are going to make the decision,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, and what we say in front of our fans,\" he said."
"He's got a lot of experience in the NFL, so he's got to be a guy that can play the game."
"\"I don't think we're going to be able to do that in a year or two,\" he said."
"He said: \"The only way I can see for me to get the money back is to go to a bank and get it back."
"The group said the number of people who were able to get into the building was down from the previous week, when about 1, 000 people were in the building."
"The first lady has been a very good friend of mine, and I'm sure she'll be a very good friend of mine too."
"The fact that they are not on the same page as the rest of us is a sign that we are not ready to be part of the solution."
"The former governor of Massachusetts, who is also running for president, said he had not heard from Trump about the proposal."
"The problem with this is that it's not clear what the real reason is for the increase in the number of people being sent to prison."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a very good thing for the United States or any other country,\" he said."
"It's a big challenge, but I think it's a good way to get the ball in the ground and get it to the right spot."
"The first of the two to be delivered on the same day, on the same day, is the first of the three to be delivered on the same day."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 5 percent annual pace in the third quarter, the fastest pace in a decade."
"The reason I don't want to do it is because I don't want to be in a position where I have to deal with people who are not my friends."
"The government has said it wants to get the EU to agree a deal that would allow it to leave the bloc, but it has yet to do so."
"I've been through a lot of things, but I've never had a bad feeling about my body."
"The U. S. government has not released any of the names of the victims, but it has said it is investigating the allegations."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that without the help of the government,\" he said."
"He's a big guy, he's got a big body, he's got a big shot, he's got to be able to finish."
"The United States is not a member of the European Union, but it is a member of the European Union and we are a member of the European Union."
"The study also found that women who had been on the drug for more than three months had a 50 percent higher risk of dying from heart disease."
"The US and Russia are also working to develop a joint counter- terrorism command to counter the threat of terrorism."
"The group's annual report says it has raised $ 2. 6 million from investors and investors- including investors in China, Japan, South Korea and the United States."
"The report, which was released last week, found that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has dropped by 25 per cent since the outbreak began."
"The United States has been a strong ally in the fight against ISIS, but it has not been able to stop the group's expansion in Iraq and Syria."
"The same thing happened in the last couple of games, but we were playing better and we were winning games."
"He's not going to be able to do it in the next few weeks, but he's got a chance."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to play the way I did last year, but I'm excited to be back."
"It's not like we're going to be able to get rid of the old guy, but we're going to be able to get rid of the new guy."
"The president has said he will not be returning to the White House if he is not elected, and he is not expected to do so until after the election."
"He said: \"The best way to do that is to get a good deal, but you have to make sure that you're getting the best deal for the people who need it."
"The new rules are designed to help ensure that people who have been in the workforce for more than six months are eligible to apply for work."
"\"I'm not sure what the reaction will be, but I'm sure that they will be very happy with the result,\" he said."
"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I think it's a good thing that we've got the support of the fans."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2017, but will not apply to the first two years of the new year."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Thursday and charged with possession of a weapon and possession of a knife."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a nearby hospital where he is in a stable condition."
"The couple, who have two children, have been married for nine years and have two children together."
"I think that's what we've been working on for a long time, and that's what we're going to continue to work on."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a nearby hospital and later died, police said."
"He said: \"I was a little bit disappointed to see the numbers go up but I think we've got a good squad and I'm happy for them."
"\"We have to make sure that we get the right people in the right places to be able to make the right decisions,\" he said."
"\"It's not a matter of whether you're a Republican or Democrat, it's a matter of who you vote for,\" he said."
"The Australian dollar is up 1. 4 per cent against the dollar in the last trading day, after the Reserve Bank cut its benchmark interest rate to 0. 25 per cent from 0. 25 per cent."
"\"It's a big challenge, and I'm not sure how much we can do,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for us,\" he said, adding that the company's board would have to vote on the matter in the next meeting."
"The researchers found that the people who were more likely to be in the group of people who were more likely to be in the group of people who were more likely to be in the group of people who were more likely to be in the group"
"I don't know what they're going to do, but I'm going to go out there and try to win every single time."
"It's a long way to go but I'm confident in my ability to play at a high level and I'm confident I can do it in the Premier League."
"\"We are not going to be able to afford to pay for this,\" he said, adding that the government would be able to use the money to pay for a further expansion of the border."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to vote for Trump,\" he said, adding that he had not yet decided who he would vote for."
"The first time I saw her, she was just a little bit different and she was very beautiful, but I didn't know what to say."
"\"We have a lot of people who are not in the business of making money, and that's why it's so hard,\" he said."
"The country's economy grew by 0. 5 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"\"I think it's important that we get the right message out and get people to come in and say, \"We're not here,\" \"she said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"The company said it was not aware of any cases of the virus spreading in the United States or Canada, and that it was not aware of any cases in the United States."
"\"I don't think we can afford to lose a lot of money on a single card,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I have never been in a relationship with anyone that was younger than me."
"\"I don't know if it's a problem with the players, but it's a problem with the coaches,\" he said."
"\"We are going to be talking about the issues of the day and the issues that matter to the American people,\" he said."
