"\"We didn't have that luxury in terms of us not being able to work,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I've ever heard him say anything like that,\" Clinton said of Trump."
"In the past year, the Ministry of Defence has announced that it will be keeping its current personnel numbers at a low level."
"It's really a beautiful city, so I was so excited to get in the car, and then there was this moment I was in the car for two hours."
"It is not just to me but to many of my colleagues who are also very young and have to deal with the issues of migration and children."
"This is a huge boost for the Bank of Japan and would help the Australian dollar gain momentum in the wake of the Brexit vote."
"That is a matter of debate, but I'm really pleased that the judge has taken the decision to see it."
"It is a joint effort between the various government departments and the EU's ambassador to the UK."
"You may have to wait until you're 30 to receive your compensation, but you have until the end of your contract to do so."
"I can understand that, but what I'm not saying is that the current system is the way we want it."
"\"There is no guarantee that the reforms will be implemented in full in the next parliament,\" she said in a statement."
"\"There is no doubt that they will want to play against us as well as they do,\" he said."
"He is now a chef and it is a school, and he is saying this in the school where he is teaching."
"More than two million people have been displaced from the city and about 6, 500 have fled the fighting in Aleppo, according to the UN."
"It will be a much bigger, much better experience for both of us to learn that about ourselves and our experience in life as well as what we do for our families."
"For some people it means spending weeks and weeks in a kitchen and in a hotel room, just to have their hair done."
"The idea was to give a chance to the rest of us, to give the mothers the chance to tell their stories."
"The real question is whether we are going to see a proper Brexit, or a very limited Brexit."
"If there are no suspects, an investigation will be carried out and the government will release the information at the end of March."
"'I've been trying to do my best for the past couple of months but I'm still not happy with the situation."
"Some of the men are determined to get out of bed and head to the girls'bathroom, where they will be raped."
"For instance, the three- year- old son of a teacher with whom he had been married for eight years had his job fixed for another three years."
"It will also increase the chances of people getting married in China, which has a high level of non- marriage partners."
"The \"Do it yourself \"campaign was a huge boost to my marketing, but as an artist I'm always finding new ways to use it."
"I'm not going to be at the table with my mother or sister and I just want to make sure the best I can do for my family."
"I think it's a big deal when someone goes out and makes a big money mistake, and we have to keep him."
"You can't just walk away from a game and think you're going to win and then run for a medal."
"When he was 11 years old, he was forced to walk around in the streets, and it was a way to escape, as he said."
"The numbers show that more than one in five adults say they don't know what they're doing for dinner, compared declining numbers among Americans aged 18 to 24."
"They have started to hear the news and it's interesting to see how many people have gone to hospital with injuries."
"We are also deeply grateful to our customers who have called us and offered to pay for our services."
"The government's new law will be implemented in 2017, starting with the opening of the bank holiday weekend in January."
"\"A lot of times, when I'm doing something that's not necessarily a fun thing, I'm just sitting there and I'm doing it,\" he said."
"On top of that, there's a larger percentage of young adults who are still working than working- age adults, who are too old to benefit from the benefits of the labor market."
"I've been very, very lucky to have a family friend with me and I've enjoyed that relationship a lot."
"Police also said they could not immediately provide further details about the victims, who have not yet been identified."
"I think if he's not up for it and I'm not, I'm going to be very upset with him."
"We know it's too soon to predict the future, but if there's an opportunity to build an economy that works for everyone, then we will do it."
"\"It's important to recognise that this is a very large issue and I have no reason to doubt that you will find a strong and vocal support for it,\" he said."
"It was a great challenge for me but it was really nice to have a chance to be a part of it."
"The church and Catholic children's services were cancelled after a man stabbed a Catholic boy to death outside the church."
"The main differences between the two groups are their size, the amount of energy they are using and the type of food they eat."
"It's like making a video game in which the main character is a teenage girl who gets sexually assaulted by an older man."
"The footage has been viewed more than 12, 000 times, and it has already made a number of the likes of Donald Trump and a number of celebrities take to Twitter to express their support."
"I would like to ask the question: how can we make sure that the community is more engaged in the workforce and more involved in the processes of hiring, training and hiring?"
"I'm not a big fan of the idea of a police state, but that doesn't mean I'm against it."
"She's not the only candidate to have gone through the process of getting involved, but they've all done it on the same day."
"It was not yet known how many people were killed, or how many people were wounded, as was believed by most."
"I've got a lot of confidence in what I'm doing and if he thinks that's what he wants to do, then I'll take it."
"The single currency is the single currency and therefore it is in the interest of the people to be able to live in it,\" he said."
"The top 10 companies would be required to register with the European Commission and provide financial information about the company to a financial institution."
"A survey released by the Queen Mary University of London last year found that the number of women in the workforce in the UK is expected to double."
"\"I've been studying these [ different ] techniques in the past and they're not the same,\" he said."
"In other words: she can be even more appealing to the lowest-- income people, so she's the woman."
"If you don't have the skills, then you'll go out there and try to do what you can to prove you can do it."
"The question now is whether a European nation, like Turkey, can effectively hold its own against the Syrian army, backed by Russian air power, against which it has been engaged for more than a year."
"In the end, his decision to quit his job as a taxi driver came after months of self- doubt and the decision to find a new career in the music business."
"I just have to remember that I can't be the one in charge of my life, the day I die."
"\"We need to find out what is going on in Cuba, what are the Cuban government's plans to do, what are the Cuban people's expectations for us,\" he said."
"If there is a problem with the design of the car, the car will be updated and that's a problem with the car as well."
"He had been spotted on the scene on Wednesday, and would be taken to hospital at the time of the incident, police said."
"\"We're looking to keep our games going and make it as consistent as possible,\" he said."
"The State Department has said the Syrian government's use of chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war has posed a danger to civilians."
"\"I don't know what she's done for a while,\" he said, speaking at a news conference in a suburb of Berlin."
"He said he wouldn't have a job in the same sector he would be doing if he didn't know what he was doing was illegal."
"That's right, we're going to be doing a few changes for a week and I'm going to be here for the week."
"I am hoping I can do it for my first European Games, but it's a bit different in terms of the schedule."
"This is a group that can't always take the burden of a new contract and they have a lot of experience on the field and experience that they can use."
"We have a lot of guys in the camp and we're going to take it one game at a time."
"The law is being introduced after more than a decade of government cuts, according to former Home Secretary David Cameron."
"We're going to win this, it's going to be a great game and we'll win it for sure."
"He was a regular at the club for a number of years, playing in the first team for four years before joining Real Madrid in 2010, and he had also been on a training programme for two years before moving to the team."
"If he can stay in his new role for a while, he'll be a very good player."
"The A. B. C. government is asking the province to come up with new ways to fight the disease."
"For my part, I'm committed to seeing the process go through, and I've just got to go to the board with that."
"'I don't think I could do this,' Trump said in a radio interview on Wednesday morning, as he launched into his new vice presidential running mate, Mike Pence."
"The war has led to the death of more than 2, 000 people and wounded another 4, 000 more in the past five months, according to the UN."
"He said: \"If you are in the UK, then you're in the same boat as everyone else."
"It also offers something of a stand- off with some of the big names, including Ford, which had taken a more direct line of attack."
"The new studies show that a 24- hour stay may not be ideal for most people, but it's a common practice in many countries."
"\"I have no doubt in my mind that the polls will show Donald Trump with a significant lead over Hillary Clinton in Wisconsin,\" he said."
"I am just trying to get them to work out how to play better and take advantage of my new training facilities."
"The Dutch government also announced on Tuesday it was asking Europe's biggest trading partners to take measures to control the flow of illegal migrants into the country."
"It is not a comprehensive list, so it can be taken from a group of apps, or from a government programme, or from a music collection."
"After the US Supreme Court blocked the government's 2013 order allowing Iran to build a nuclear plant, the US Supreme Court declined to hear the case."
"In the case of the EU referendum, the challenge will be to decide what kind of deal is best for Britain and what's best for the people of the country that voted to leave."
"When it comes to the two thirds of the market that won't be in England this year, I think we need to stay focused."
"The player's mother is in a London hospital and is being treated at a nearby hospital for a serious injury."
"The report states that about 1, 000 police officers are needed to provide support for those with mental health issues."
"\"We will not let him out of our country without proper papers, so we will be ready to deal with him,\" Mr. Xi said."
"I would argue that you don't have a good understanding of what is going on in your head, and it takes a lot of being in your head to get comfortable."
"But the former vice president's presidential run in 2016 had a bigger impact on the Republican Party than the policy issues he addressed."
"The project was initially called \"The Wall \"but its real name is \"The Wall \"and the company has since been named \"The World's Largest Wall."
"It will be amazing to see what they get- and there is no doubt a lot of promise for it."
"The danger is you can't control it, but what you can control is the price of alcohol."
"He has spoken to the group on the phone, but he has not been seen at this time."
"After that I'm waiting for my visa to be approved to fly to France and then I can finally head out to Spain."
"But she would have a responsibility to reflect on that at the time and to say: What we have got to do is learn from it."
"The Labor Department said in August it expected to hold the final three months of the year lower than it did in August."
"I had to look up his telephone number and I could not find it and he would not even answer it."
"And yet, while many of us might love and appreciate her work, she always seems to be playing the game by her own rules."
"Even if we didn't win the Super League, you can't lose it all, it just has to be said, we didn't win it all."
"We're a family now and we're going to get into a business that's a little bit more of a family."
"He was in the middle of a family argument, and when she came out of the bathroom he grabbed her by the neck and took off running."
"It's always good to play a good game and win in the playoffs, especially this year."
"I don't think we've been playing that well and I'm not sure we've been playing that well."
"He also added that he would \"probably be willing to go \"in a Trump administration, though he wasn't sure if that meant his own knowledge or that he would take over the Fed."
"The new guidelines will be rolled out in the autumn, but they will not have to apply to new homes built in the first half of this year."
"\"If you look at some of the things that we've done, it's pretty clear we're doing things in a very different way,\" he said."
"The message, which is that there are too many people in a single life- it's not about you, it's about them."
"Some of them are wonderful but we were a little bit surprised that they didn't make it to the finals."
"The 28- year- old was taken off life support after the collision but doctors said he was stable enough to go back to work."
"I don't know if it is a personal attack but the first time I ever really spoke to him was a year ago."
"Police have not yet named the killer, but they hope that this will lead to more arrests."
"The girls were taken to a residential care home where they are being treated for minor injuries and will be returned to a friend's."
"\"But I've not really played a lot in my career now, so I've played it better,\" he said."
"The event, which will be held in a converted shopping centre, was also condemned as a show of support for Labour."
"The judge said: \"It is not clear that you understand why you are being asked to appear before us."
"So if you have a need for more than a cup of tea, I suggest you don't ask for it."
"The Trump family is in a legal battle with a Los Angeles police officer over who would be his police chief if he were elected."
"It's a full- time job and I am not getting any money for my new salary so I can't spend any more time at home."
"The Kremlin on Wednesday said its anti- terror forces are now on high alert for an attack, after Russian troops entered Syria to protect the regime's facilities."
"The majority of refugees and migrants on the Greek islands, including several thousand children, have been living in camps since the Greek state began allowing refugees from the country to enter after the 2015 referendum."
"I haven't always been a fan of his at times but it's nice to have someone who is also going to be a player."
"What we don't know is how much is actually being paid for the treatment and what percentage of that is actually being paid for the NHS's part."
"\"I don't know if I can be more qualified to say it's a pretty large group,\" he says."
"But it's really a natural thing to do, and it's what we've been doing for a while."
"We need a man of influence in the dressing room to sort things out, and that's why we need to look after him."
"The U. S. economy expanded at a faster rate in the fourth quarter of last year than it had in the previous two months, according to the National Economic Council."
"I know that we're probably going to get a few more wins, but I've got to come here and show that."
"\"When you are in the gym, you're never sure whether you'll be able to do anything,\" he said."
"That's about 1. 5 times the amount needed to match the previous one, and 1. 6 times the amount needed to win the overall championship."
"The first man to take on the role was a 17- year- old girl, and she was the first woman to be elected as an MP."
"\"I wouldn't call it a disaster if we went into the next year and nobody is hurt,\" he said."
"It was a way of life in my childhood that I didn't really know how to express it, and I had to learn how to do it."
"I am looking forward to seeing my boys grow into the best form they have ever had and I am really looking forward to the chance to be part of this young squad."
"The campaign's executive director, Andy Taylor, told the Times that \"the President has not been in contact with Mr. Corbyn,\" the BBC reported."
"For example, the Government could impose a cap on the number of full- time jobs allowed to young people, or allow people to leave the workforce if they already have one."
"She said the court had already ruled that she could not pay the rent at a later date, but hoped to keep it."
"You don't really need to go out and do it every day, and it's only a matter of time before you find yourself in a new situation."
"The Chicago Cubs will host the Los Angeles Dodgers on Thursday, one day before the All- Star Game."
"\"He's a good guy to have around, we've been told he's a good kid,\" said Jones, a 10- year veteran of the NFL."
"I'll tell you what, if I had a baby, I'd say I would never give him a night's rest."
"There is no official list of which candidates are in favor of \"remain \"and so we must do the research and make sure we are all in agreement."
"But I just felt that if I was at the club with one player and I didn't have another player, then I'd have a problem."
"\"It's an exciting time, but I'm not sure it's a huge shock,\" he said."
"It is estimated that in the first year of the Brexit process there will be about 20, 000 new jobs."
"I'm not sure what this means for the way she was treated in the workplace and her career."
"We've got a good squad to build on and we've got to do some really good things in this league."
"The restaurant has expanded to include four different types of food, including a choice menu of hot dogs, soft drinks, ice cream and wine."
"\"This year's top 20 teams will be based around the global market, with the single biggest global market, China, a little ahead of us,\" she said."
"They think this is a sign of good health, they think it's something that should be done in a manner that is healthy."
"I'm going to say the same thing and we have a lot of money, and I've got a lot of people, and I know a lot of people think I'm not qualified to be president."
"In addition to attending the annual conference, which is held at the school, students will be able to buy tickets to the event."
"She said: \"We are delighted to be moving forward with the new project and are in the process of creating the opening of the existing model."
"That's just the kind of thing you want to see a coach do, but for me, it's just going to be all about scoring goals."
"That is why I am so concerned about the conditions the law is designed to prevent us from finding out who actually took them."
"A witness to the crime said:'He was lying on the ground in the street and he had some very hard things to do."
"But the court's decision was backed by the case's lead lawyer, who was speaking with The Associated Press on Wednesday."
"The only other thing they can do is say that they're not going to do this, but they'll do this and then they will, and then we'll do this."
"She has been charged with child abuse and has been ordered to pay a \u00a3 1, 000 fine and a \u00a3 5, 000 order of protection."
"We're not going to settle for a second cup of coffee in the summer but that's the nature of the business."
"\"I think this is not a message that's going to go away, or go away from the voters, but the way we run this country is changing and we need to be prepared for that,\" he said."
"I am happy to talk about my work, especially the last few years, because I really feel that a lot of people were surprised by my work."
"The state government will no longer fund the use of the money, but it will be used for local needs."
"In general, women, men and children are less likely to be involved in the care of their doctors and hospitals, or in the building of new hospitals."
"The \"feature of the show,\" he said, is that \"the people coming out on the show have a sense of what is happening on the show."
"The head of the Home Office's crime and crime and disorder unit has said there is no reason why people should be banned from the UK."
"\"I never had any idea this was going to be an issue, even if I didn't see it in person,\" she said."
"I want to thank my family, the doctors who treated me and my wife, who have been there for me every step of the way."
"\"It's good for me to have that opportunity to do something like that, because I was always there,\" he said."
"The 46- year- old retired from the BBC last year, and last year he won the BBC's Channel 4 award for his performance."
"We've got to win every game so we have to win in the best way possible for us to be competitive."
"For me personally, the one thing I have done the past four years is to be a member of the Democratic Party, and I've done a lot of good things for this party, and I've done a lot of bad things."
"They are most often located in Northern Ireland, but even in the rural areas they have a real impact on the rural population."
"He's not exactly known for his smarts or his small- but- strong style of play, but he's one of the best in the world."
"The problem, as it turned out, is that she had no idea of the danger he was in, and that she could have done a better job protecting him."
"I don't think we've ever had a chance to win and there's still a lot of guys that are still hanging on."
"The federal government needs to help restore our communities and let the drugs go free to the communities they are supposed to be serving."
"As for me, I feel like I've made a lot of good progress in my career, but I've still got to learn and improve."
"He's definitely got the physical ability to play both positions and if he can get his hands up, he'll have a lot of power for the position."
"A 10- year- old girl who fell on top of her and was struck by a bus in London has been treated for shock."
"She was very disappointed when he didn't get to do his job as his head coach, but she did her job, and he came back."
"Trump's aides, however, have not yet made up their minds about how they will respond to the new president."
"\"I'm really not surprised, it's a positive,\" he said when asked about his stance on gay rights."
"For example, the time frame for a person's retirement is so long that they don't even realize it's coming."
"That was the one area where we've looked at a real challenge and I think it's been the good run we've had, I think it's been the improvement we've had over the last few years."
"'I've been here a few times in the past, but this is a different place to where I went to college and I'm not going to do it again."
"But the vast majority of people who do need help are the elderly, who can't afford to buy an ambulance."
"The question has to be asked, then, is this is the best course of action for this case?"
"The company is also a member of the European Central Bank's European and the European Central Bank's Bank of Japan credit ratings agency."
"The U. S. government has defended its missile defense system, saying it is designed to protect against missile attack."
"I didn't want to do it, but I'm not too bad at it, so it's not something I'm going to do again."
"The teacher was taken to hospital for treatment and a 29- year- old man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"He is going to be the next president of the United States, and we're going to have to deal with that."
"For all the talk of a \"new \"Brexit, a vote for either Britain or the UK would mean the failure of a second referendum."
"\"The focus is now on developing the technology, and we are looking to get the next generation of phones up and running by the end of 2017,\" he said."
"The first year is a massive jump- and I think it's actually a whole lot of fun to be able to see the real things."
"I'm a big fan of Mike, who is a big guy, and I've been there for him every day."
"One of the most popular ways to get into college is to study abroad or work for a job in a foreign country, according to the research."
"There's something on this and I think people get so excited about it and then it's over."
"\"I'm not going to say if he is going to be happy, but I am going to say that I'm going to believe that he is going to be happy,\" she told reporters."
"\"I'm going to make sure we go after all the other candidates,\" Clinton told supporters in an early- morning, state- wide, phone- call."
"The best thing you can do is to be a little bit more active, which I would do for the first four or five months."
"The presence of migrants in Europe is a security concern, and a result of the migration crisis, it is vital that the police and justice systems are able to deal with these cases effectively."
"I did the best I could to do as much as I could in my life and now it's time to step away and let my family see what a world I have left."
"The allegations came to light last week after the director of the United Kingdom's school, which is in the United States, was charged with sexual abuse of pupils."
"If you don't get an extra day of training, then your chances of doing the right thing are low."
"It would be great to see a player who has been a big part of the club for a number of years come back."
"To make things worse, the Republican National Committee announced that Donald Trump would be hosting his own debate, in New Jersey."
"The term \"left wing \"is much more diverse, with many who are part of the Democratic Party and Labour in particular supporting the Labour Party."
"There's a lot of people out there who will have not seen it, and they'll know it."
"While at first I didn't know who I wanted to be, I've started to work out what I want to do."
"He was a very different player from me, because he wasn't a very good defender- he was only one."
"In 2014, I posted a picture of myself wearing a pink T- shirt, which I can't remember, because I am a woman."
"He was the final on the field to throw three touchdowns on four targets in the first half against Arizona."
"We've also been working on improving the weather at the stadium and the pitch itself so that we don't have to do any changes."
"\"You can tell when it's time to leave,\" one employee told him, \"because it's on your phone."
"We have the money and we have the skills and we are going to have to move forward, and we have a long way to go."
"The one thing I have learned is that if you've got a problem in the story, ask the person you're dealing with what they're doing."
"The report said there was \"great uncertainty \"about the future of EU membership as a whole, with discussions about the impact of the UK vote on the UK's relationship with the EU now and in the future."
"The primary is set for November, but voters need to register by 1 p. m. and vote by November 6."
"The UK and Europe are home to more than 4. 5 billion people, with many of them fleeing the conflict in their wake."
"A few hundred or a thousand people can't afford to eat this food, and we will take in a lot of those."
"A second judge ordered the couple to pay an additional $ 25, 000 in legal costs, after the first judge ruled in favor of the family."
"The three- hour hearing is set for 6: 30 a. m., but has been delayed until 7 p. m."
"The Prime Minister's Office said the issue was now being discussed with government ministers and they would have to wait until the summer."
"The most vulnerable are people who are younger than 16 years old, and the youngest five years old, and the ones who are pregnant or at least have children."
"She said: \"I started to see the work of other people and people that were involved in the show and just the story that was being told."
"We have a lot of talented players that are playing for us and I think this will be a good test to see if they are going to continue to do that."
"I can't see any way of saying we will close that door and get out, or that we'll do it again."
"I know they have a very good team and I've spoken to them and they're looking forward to playing against them."
"The government has promised to raise the corporate tax rate to 20 per cent from 25 per cent and to reduce the tax rates of those who own shares in banks and financial companies."
"The military has not released a statement saying how it got involved in the dispute, but the commander of the US Air Force said he was one of the first to ask for a comment."
"The fact that they are starting to look at the data and in some cases, the relationship to the Fed is strong."
"A lot of the things that are happening in the market at the moment is very much a result of the fall in oil prices, which means the price of oil has risen."
"We have a pretty good chance to win a series of games here and I'm sure we'll play better than we did in this game."
"He added:'If you're not ready to give in to the pressure of pressure, then there is no point in doing so."
"I think that this is the right approach for the market and I think it is important that we get the right level of investment for the middle- income people."
"After the World Cup finals in Brazil, the French team won the title with a loss of six games and were handed a new five year contract."
"She added: \"There are women who can walk into a room and they are under enormous pressure to look like a man."
"\"For me, it was like a dream come true and I felt really lucky and I was lucky enough to have my husband and all the support that I had in my life,\" she says."
"For me, the very first thing to do is to try and put on the clothes that I'm wearing and try to be as physically strong as possible."
"To this day, he's never once spoken to me in the same way that I've ever met him."
"\"It's a lot easier to get a high than a low, so I think it's really important,\" she added."
"The argument over whether this is a law, a culture or a political issue has been raised, but it has not yet reached the legal stage."
"'I didn't want to be in a situation where I'm not paying enough to the people I've worked with,' he said."
"The school, which is three miles from the border, is also facing a massive security threat from Islamic State militants, local media reports say."
"We also have to look at our culture and where we come from and where we want to be in our future, because we have to be as good as we can be at what we do."
"\"If you are not a leader, you are not going to achieve anything,\" he said, adding that if he were to become president, it would be a matter of \"making a difference \"to the country."
"\"If we have a problem, it's something we have to deal with,\" he said, \"and I don't think he is going to go to school."
"She is a very talented woman who is taking on this responsibility, and I think that is something that she will be better at for the next four or five years."
"\"In our case, the target was to be a registered sex- crime victim rather than a victim in custody,\" he said."
"But even with a loss to the Giants, the defense has its own issues, one that the Rams need to work on."
"\"The reason we won was that we went out in a strong position, but we didn't take a beating,\" he added."
"If you've been born here and lived here before, there is nothing to see here."
"I do think it will be a good way to take the game out of the hands of teams with big points."
"\"If the government is going to have any impact on my life, I want to stay here,\" she said, speaking at a charity event in Paris."
"In the first quarter of 2016, the number of people who applied to start their own business fell from 23. 1 million to 21. 6 million."
"The case has made national headlines with some critics claiming the company should be banned from using the technology."
"\"There are a lot of people who are saying we have to help and that's what we're doing,\" he said."
"I know that when I come here in the U. S. to compete, it's going to be a hard sell."
"The Clinton campaign has a hard time getting a clear lead on Super Tuesday, but is still ahead by as much as 20 points in Florida, North Carolina and Ohio."
"The man who drove the car is not believed to be a passenger in the car at the time, the police statement said."
"It's a game that I want to play for every day, and I'm not going to rest on that."
"The Swedish government is to do more to support women, but one of the first acts is to introduce paid leave and a range of paid holidays."
"I have tried to think of a time when I should say, \"Let's get rid of this."
"The primary mission of the group is to help refugees in need, not kill them, says the head of the Syrian army."
"The government is also trying to deal with a more than $ 1 billion cash issue that will allow the company to invest in new products and services."
"In my role as a member of the board, I am very careful not to look too far ahead in terms of the future of this company."
"I'm a very big fan, especially since I've been playing since the age of six."
"What do you think they're like, you know, they're just so special?"
"It is a policy designed to help those who have a physical or emotional need, such as a loved one, to meet their needs."
"I've got three years left, so it's not like I'm going to be taking anything from it."
"He's got a lot more football to do than most people think and I can't see him playing well."
"The other guy was going to stand in the middle of the road and it was going to be an 8- yard field goal."
"I think we have to do a lot of things in order to get it into our hands and hopefully we can have a positive result in this league."
"While some people think they may have no idea what they are doing, others think they have a good idea."
"If I could just get a little bit more used to the plan, it would be easier for me to be my normal self."
"But what's more interesting about the above- cited study is that it is consistent with those who have been told that such advice is necessary."
"Some of the women who took part in the study said that while they were impressed by the results, they were also disappointed that it did not apply to the same group of men."
"It's very hard to find anyone who's like me, who knows what's going to happen in the next few days."
"\"We're all talking about it right now, but we have to move fast,\" he said."
"The American men were not in the stadium in the first half, but we got a good result."
"Trump made the comments at a campaign rally in North Carolina, where he has been challenged by anti- immigrant voters."
"\"I never look at the cards that are out there, I just take my time and I'm sure you'll find out how they are and what they say,\" he said."
"\"If I was in the hospital and my wife was in the hospital, I would just move my phone to the side,\" she said."
"The announcement came after a second morning of violence after the protest outside the EU summit in Brussels."
"A spokesman for the Department for Transport said: \"The key message for everyone is that you are welcome in our country and welcome to come and stay."
"After all, it's not enough to have the same rich families as the next rich kid, or an equal number of poor people."
"A federal judge in Maryland set a federal deadline of Feb."
"When I heard the last story, I was a little bit worried because I don't want to waste time talking to anyone."
"I think he'll be back very soon, but we'll keep our eyes open for a big announcement from him."
"\"My focus is now on getting the game back on track, getting the field level going again,\" he said after Thursday's loss to the Giants."
"And it's not just about the party, it's about the people, because what we want is the kind of people that are able to win elections."
"It's not easy to talk about this, but we are learning, and we're in good company, now."
"The findings were published in the medical journal JAMA, which is the official medical journal of the United Nations."
"The authorities have refused to provide more details about what happened and said they were only looking into what happened to the teen."
"She is also a former British ambassador to the United States, and she has praised Trump's strong rhetoric on immigration."
"They had only been playing in a single venue for a year and had to move out every now and then for the same reason."
"But it's the combined effort of the two groups that made Trump the best candidate to go after, let alone replace, Russia."
"The change to the title is a good sign, but for the money it's not a great deal."
"The truck is not owned by the father and his brother, who were both taken to a local hospital for treatment."
"And I know that when you're standing up on the pitch, you have to be able to tell yourself that you have to go for it."
"\"We are very disappointed by the outcome of this investigation and we will not be standing by while the investigation continues,\" he told the Guardian."
"The police department is not asking anyone to step forward and we don't know what role the officers will play in this case,\" he said."
"We know we've got a good group of young players in the squad but it's important to make sure we don't get them out of the system."
"We have already talked about using this tool for individuals, communities and businesses and it is very much in the planning stages."
"\"We made the mistake of thinking this was going to be a one- off,\" she said."
"It would not be possible to make the changes without the knowledge of the people involved, and the people we have here in this city have nothing to do with it."
"He then found out that she was pregnant and she would need a baby with him to continue her life."
"He is taking us at the door and that is the end of the line for me, but I'm just happy to be in the dressing room."
"'I knew I wasn't going to be able to support her so I went up and told her to go and get the man,' the 18- year- old said."
"I think we're going to take the momentum out of it, but we're not going to put it back on the table."
"The video, taken from a phone video camera in a school in the city, shows pupils making a phone call to an older person."
"And while Sanders has not shown a strong edge over Clinton in terms of the number of pledged delegates, he is closing in on the party's standard- bearer nomination."
"In fact, you don't need to be a big fan of the show to be a success, even if you're a social out- of- the- box guy who's only ever seen it once."
"I didn't want to know anything about her, but I thought she was a friend of mine."
"I'm a bit worried that they are going to ask me to drop out of the race, but they are going to do it anyway."
"He added:'I don't want to be put off by the fact that I could win with that number and so many other votes."
"If the user doesn't leave the app to receive a quick response, they'll need to be turned off."
"\"It is not as if I am making these cuts, I have a job and my income is actually lower than I am,\" he says."
"That's in line with what we've seen over the past few weeks- that a lot of players are still getting injured."
"That was the second time in four days that he had been spotted by the police in the area, and the second time in as few days."
"A final decision on whether to stay or move abroad is expected to be announced in the autumn of 2017."
"I'm not the only one in here who thinks they've done this, I have heard that from a lot of people."
"The first minister said he was \"very happy \"at the chance to work with a \"young, exciting \"hackers group."
"I know I'm not in that position, but I just want to be in the first team, and that's the goal."
"\"I've been a bit surprised that I wasn't in there longer,\" he said of the first week."
"\"I've never even thought of a single time that I didn't know the real name of my character,\" she said."
"\"I think I should be able to do everything I want but obviously the manager doesn't know about it,\" she said."
"\"We have to focus on what we can do for the game and not get too caught up in things,\" he said."
"Now I'll be at my full- time job for the next eight years and the more that I get paid it's like being in the next World Cup."
"The two have been working on the book for two years, with the first being published last summer."
"It is highly unlikely that Mr. Trump will raise taxes, and Mr. Sanders said he was not a member of his campaign staff."
"They don't understand that the vast majority of people who voted for Donald Trump in the US presidential election were not angry or angry- just grateful for what he represents."
"She says: \"My husband and I are trying to figure out how to get him to take his own life, that's all."
"The study found that parents had a \"high degree \"of self- belief about how they would feel about their kids if they were single."
"I think it's a good feeling to be around somebody and you've got to be up there for it."
"I know they've got the desire, I just don't know if it's what we want or if they're going to get the decision, but it's a decision that's going to come."
"This is a terrible thing and one that can only be done by the people who want to control our lives."
"The London School of Economics, which supports the London Olympics, was among those to announce the findings."
"We had an opportunity to do it and we went in there and took it, we went in there and we didn't know what we were going to do."
"But I don't want to say that they're just going to try to kill us all,\" she said."
"Some of these cuts will include pension spending and state aid, he said, adding that this is part of the reason the Reserve Bank has not raised interest rates so far."
"\"I've got a week to prepare and then the next day I can take a look at the results and I'm sure I'm going to have a very good feeling about the season,\" he said."
"\"I think the majority of people who have come out to vote in recent years have been young people who have come from other parts of the country,\" she said."
"The key to saving money on fuel in Scotland is a tax credit that is free of charge for people earning more than \u00a3 20, 000."
"It's a competition in which everyone has a job, but in the end it is a trial and error."
"They are so serious in their response to this that they don't want to be alone and in a terrible way."
"\"I've been playing better but I can't afford to go down there, so I've got to do my thing,\" he said."
"They were also significantly more likely to believe in a nuclear power station than a nuclear power station that would be used as a nuclear power station."
"If it was a problem for me, I'd just try to focus on the task at hand and see if I could help out with that."
"The policy has also been criticized for being too close to the very heart of the Saudi economy, where the oil is used for much of the country's exports."
"\"I've been there for 15 years, and the first two were bad,\" he said in a phone interview from his home in the Netherlands."
"For example, a young black male in the United States is roughly three times as likely to die from a heart attack as a young white female."
"The move comes as Turkey's parliament is set to vote on whether to take in tens of thousands of refugees."
"This will be one of the only times that Trump's foreign policy will be a focus for mainstream media coverage."
"He also said that he had had a problem with his number, but the police did not find it on the suspect's car."
"I had a bit of a time back then when I didn't get to see it, but now I don't."
"But I am sure he would be more likely to buy in to something that is now going to be sold for a lot less than what it cost to buy it in the first place."
"\"She's such a good singer, I don't know how she can't be,\" she said."
"We can't predict the future, it's a team game, it's a team effort, we'll continue to do our job, I think we'll see what happens."
"It's a great way of showing you're alive and well, and I just want you to know that I have a life."
"The new project, which will be completed by 2017, will be seen as a significant step towards the city's vision of what it wants to be."
"It is hard for a woman to keep her head down but I have been there and done that and it was a big blow."
"The most important thing to remember, however, is that it is not good to let up and ignore what has gone wrong."
"But for some reason, I did not know what I was doing and it just took me by surprise."
"But I would like to think that with the right kind of background and the right sort of equipment, there will be very, very successful [ sessions ] in China."
"There is a new regime of law in the old one but it is very difficult to get help."
"\"You can't beat them, they're not bad, they're a good team, they're playing at a high level,\" he said."
"He says the idea that \"Donald Trump could be the next president of the United States \"has been more than a little crazy."
"Some of the documents obtained by the Post show that the agency used what was called a \"green card \"to apply for children from its offices."
"\"We have had a lot of discussions with our players and it is important they get involved and we want to make sure that we are supporting them as they go through this process,\" he said."
"The problem is that the EU does not have the power to stop the talks, but it does have the ability to block them."
"The nation's largest employers are giving more money to the Liberal Democrats, a group which represents nearly half of the vote, compared with Labour's eight per cent."
"I have thought about the role of women in politics since I was a teenager, and I have not even considered a woman a presidential candidate."
"The West Coast power station was closed to the public until the afternoon and officials are still working to get the site back up to normal."
"It's a win- win game for the Broncos, which is why they are in the hunt for their fourth Super Bowl title."
"It is expected that the number of people who will be affected will be smaller than originally anticipated and people with insurance will be able to take advantage of free movement of people."
"When we were younger, he would have taken us to the gym and the thought of going to a party was an enormous shock."
"It has been a very disappointing season for the Rams but we have to keep working hard to improve, and that is what we have done."
"\"We're not going to give up on him because we want to win games,\" he said."
"The U. S. is currently in Afghanistan to deal with the Afghan government's campaign to gain control over the country's large population."
"The 19- year- old accused in the Sydney attack has been released from custody and is expected to appear in court next week."
"For example, my husband had to find out a year later that he was pregnant and I had to give birth to my first child."
"He will turn 80 on Sunday, but you can't have a younger kid like me who is going to be living the life he wants."
"But the coalition government is deeply divided over the future of refugees, with some worried that a surge in refugees could lead to a third war."
"In recent years, a large number of migrants have fled the border states of Greece and Turkey, and some have arrived in Germany with children."
"\"We're all there for one reason, to get a response to something that's urgent,\" he says."
"The force said it was working closely with agencies across the UK to identify anyone who may have been involved with the terrorist attack."
"The picture is one that Trump has taken almost entirely out of context, with some saying the images were meant as a joke."
"\"It is my job to make sure that these decisions are made as quickly as possible,\" he said."
"In some areas, such as the South China Sea, China has little to say about it, and many experts think they don't."
"The UK's share price fell in December, but is now down by as much as 25 per cent from a year earlier."
"We have always had a great partnership with them and we were very excited to see the opportunity to make a game on the road."
"I've also said that I want the state to be proud of the work that the people have done for me and for the state of Queensland."
"The company's stock rose more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Monday, pushing it up $ 1. 75."
"I believe that's a man's best friend, and I want to show him that you can do what you want."
"The move is being carried out on a temporary basis, but a judge has told him he could still work here."
"It was just a three- hour drive from the back of my car, and we were waiting for my daughter to come home from school."
"The storm caused the largest storm surge in Florida in a year for a period of nearly four days on Saturday, the state weather service said."
"In the end, however, the decision to hold a referendum is only likely to be made by the next president of the European Union."
"It's a phenomenon that happens in the middle class but it's not always a major factor."
"In fact, a survey of the prime minister's office found that when the prime minister and his cabinet ministers were prime ministers, the proportion of people who said they were \"very \"or \"very \"likely \"to vote for a change to"
"This is something I have tried to do in the past, but in this case it was in bad taste."
"We're the first team to win and I think I deserve to win that game, obviously for my size, and for the people that come up."
"You don't have to worry about the money you're making, you don't have to worry about how you spend it."
"The new search strategy is designed to reflect the fact that in recent years, the search engine industry has become a full- time job."
"The former London mayor is set to face a charge of tax fraud from a Swiss bank, a Swiss prosecutor has said."
"\"They are not only very powerful, but also very useful for us in terms of our communication,\" he said."
"\"I'd have to get home and go to work, so I'm not thinking about my weekend,\" she said."
"They said that the company was holding a meeting to discuss its ability to attract new members, and that they will be working with local authorities to identify opportunities for new members."
"For the first time ever, North Korea's nuclear test was held at a time of high- pressure weather."
"There's also a huge amount of talk of how it's going to be better off with Trump as president."
"However, many people said that it was a public service, and that the city had to be involved."
"I'll be speaking about what I did wrong, but we'll be discussing what the voters can do to make it better."
"We've got to get our players playing better now and we've got to get more consistent, which is going to be a big part of our success this year."
"He's had to move his hands to the side to maintain his balance, and this week he was able to do that."
"Trump's hiring of an executive with experience as chief operating officer and senior vice president- elect is a clear sign that he's committed to leading a transition team."
"The attacks are not just targeting ISIS members, but also Turkey, the United States, and other Western nations."
"But his public relations campaign began in the summer of 2011, when he asked his supporters to contact the president and asked them to register as a Democratic party."
"That is an investment in the future, but it will not come cheap, and it will not lead to the same benefits."
"In fact, there are plans to build a big home in a lot of people's yards and still allow them to get a fair bit of income."
"'I will tell you, they are in a strong position and in a position to be tested for doping."
"The alleged victim said she was able to identify the suspect, who had not been identified, from CCTV footage and was released."
"A spokesman said: \"This is a very small number but it is significant and we are pleased that we have been able to secure a number of sources of funding."
"\"I think this is the first time I've spoken in front of a judge,\" said the 65- year- old, who has been with the band since the 1980s."
"The star was later seen on social media sharing the photo of him and her father, who is in a critical condition."
"The four games we had on Friday and Saturday, we'd got to the point where we didn't know if we'd win them."
"But they are better at keeping them in their homes than they were before, so they need to get away from the situation."
"It is still unclear who would be President, but the Republican National Committee has a list of candidates, with Ted Cruz ahead of Donald Trump."
"They were ready to help, but they have to go to work because their jobs are for a longer period of time."
"We had to put in a lot of hours for them to come here to watch us play and the fans were the reason for that."
"He said:'This is not a group that is in the early stages of its development and it is only in a very short period of time."
"\"If you see a guy who is the last person to stop,\" he said, \"then they have to stop."
"More than 100 volunteers and staff have been involved in the work and are making a difference to the lives of people who have lost their lives."
"The first is that we're only allowing the best players who can play for them, so they can be great players."
"I know we have a lot of work to do in order to build the team and the boys will have to do that when we play."
"In order to get the best out of a game, you have to have a good score, otherwise you'll lose the game and you can't win games."
"However, he will be going to Washington on the first day of the Republican National Convention, and is expected to have no trouble getting into the building."
"The average income for those who are 50 years old- when they begin to work- was $ 46, 800 in 2015, down from $ 47, 400 in 2014."
"They are not a large force and they should not be stopped in their tracks, but we would like to see them arrested."
"I don't see any reason why the women should be having to do anything, if they're not going to be able to have their hair cut."
"\"I can't believe we don't win the White House again,\" she said at a campaign event in South Carolina."
"It was a good way to move my whole body and I'll be back for the game against Celtic in the semi- finals next year."
"'It is unclear what was involved in the collision, but a driver is believed to have been involved,' the police statement said."
"He was in the building when the shooting occurred, and said he was shot in the face and left arm, but was not seriously injured."
"I want to be able to bring my friend, mom and dad back from the dead and help with this,' she said."
"The AP report said that the man's wife, who did not want to be identified, said that the man told her that he would kill himself and that he didn't want to be with her."
"I think the best way to look at it is that he has some sort of mental illness- which he doesn't know how to deal with."
"She also said the \"debate \"in the vote against him had been a \"passing off \"of her vote for Trump."
"It's a fact that this is a place where we have to take action in order to save this place."
"She said:'It's the first time I've felt comfortable in my body, and I've never been in a really bad way."
"The project is estimated to cost $ 10 million and it will take about six years for the first flights to arrive."
"The impact of these decisions will be felt throughout the United States and the world, including in a number of countries outside of the U. S. Iran and North Korea are highly sensitive countries and the actions they take are highly sensitive."
"The work will be conducted in the Greek capital, where officials believe hundreds of migrants may have been killed or injured."
"The group says it was taking advantage of a lack of state funds to travel to and from the area, and that it was also doing it with private funds."
"When you have that opportunity to go out there and play hard and get some points, it's a long process to get back."
"The problem is that there are not enough big universities in the US to meet the demand, so they are only offering a small number of high- quality courses."
"Now, I believe, for the first time in my career, I know exactly what I'm doing and what I want to do."
"She added that her husband, James, was ill and had to be taken to hospital to be checked on the evening of Friday, May 28, after the woman's death."
"\"I think they just wanted to kill themselves and it didn't matter,\" he says, pointing to the original warrant."
"We have a lot of work to do, so we want to hear your thoughts on the current state of our club."
"But they said they had made progress and would look at other options including allowing patients to be paid at the local or national level."
"It may be time to move to the new four- year contract, but there are few decisions for clubs like Chelsea, Arsenal or Manchester United."
"\"We still have a lot of work to do,\" Mr. Williams said in a telephone interview from New York."
"But it does take place in a country where all the immigrants come to live and work here and live in the country."
"We have the biggest group of players, so it's a really big team, and the question is, what does that do to their confidence?"
"In the event of a Labour win, it would be the first time in history a politician has lost the leadership election."
"The authorities have not said whether the driver was in the car, but police said they were \"committed \"to trying to stop the vehicle."
"The challenge is to keep the overall level of production down and the companies involved on the right track to ensure they are competitive."
"He had a wonderful night on the road, but there's no place for that when it's the first week of February."
"He has argued that Turkey's approval for its membership of the EU is a matter for its security, but has insisted that the deal is not the EU's main concern."
"The trip could potentially have been longer but the flight is more than half a day and we'll be flying again at the end of it."
"The next person to have a conversation with him at the weekend, someone who is going to try and get him in the mood."
"It's also time to look for a way to do something about it so we can be more responsible."
"The fine will be for \u00a3 1, 000 per person and the company will pay \u00a3 300 for each offence."
"The message is clear: a vote for Mr Corbyn is not good enough, because his Labour has lost."
"Mr Trump was warned that he could face legal action if he used such words, and so he has banned them from using the internet."
"I think he's the only one who really understood why they were doing this, and what they had done wrong."
"\"I think this is going to be a tough game, but I'm confident in what we're going to do,\" he said."
"That was the first time we had that sort of discussion at the restaurant, and it was just something we had to take seriously."
"He had a private meeting with the director of the bank and then he made a speech about it and they decided they were going to do that."
"The company's shares fell 7 percent on Monday, after it reported a loss of $ 50 million in the first quarter."
"One of the things that is really fun about this game of soccer is that there are two legs, so there is a lot of racing, and you are not allowed to make mistakes."
"When you're 20 years old, what do you want to do when you're 35 and you're still at the top of your sport?"
"The German government says it will be making sure that refugees don't get into the country from any one point of view."
"\"I've never had a problem with him, I've never had an issue with him at all,\" he said."
"And just as I have stated in the past, I will continue to work with the U. S. government on behalf of the United States, including on behalf of refugees and refugees across the world."
"She added: \"It was a lovely day and I have a couple of lovely boys to keep my company."
"It's not just about spending money, it's about how you have to use it, which is always the most important part of building a company."
"\"It's going to be a tough road to get here, but we're not doing anything wrong,\" he said."
"I feel for the women's team because I feel that we're working on a great structure for the girls to be comfortable and confident."
"While all seven had been fighting in Syria, their injuries were not life- threatening, police said."
"\"We have a lot of young guys, but they don't have the opportunities that they're used to,\" he said."
"If that's the case, I don't know how many of us can stop the corruption and the consequences of that, you know."
"It's not just about where we spend our time, it's about the way we spend our money, the way we spend our money."
"However, the council added that, in the past few weeks, they have been able to put in an extra \u00a3 5, 000 to pay for the wall."
"\"I never thought I'd have a job like this, but I've always been focused on the sport,\" he said."
"She said she had not received any \"material \"from her employer and had no idea of the problems at the club."
"\"We did a great job and we've got another one coming up in a few days,\" he said."
"The Republican presidential candidate- who has yet to win a state- made his comments after a Fox News debate in which he said he did not like the idea of illegal immigration."
"And while the UK's debt burden has grown from 0. 1 per cent of GDP in 2014 to over 1. 5 per cent in 2015, it's still not much higher than the European average."
"\"I'm really excited about the opportunity to play with them and hopefully they will see me and be a good influence on my development,\" he said."
"It's just a bit of a waste of money to go and buy a car and drive to get there and have to put your kids to bed."
"\"I am very grateful for the long and hard work of my family and friends in helping me overcome this difficult time,\" she said."
"It's the least exciting thing you can do and if you want to compete at the highest level, there are a lot of options."
"The data from the N. F. L. was released in February 2015 and showed a huge jump in non- emergency calls in 2016, from 46 per day in 2015 to 60."
"Even before the referendum on June 23, when voters are asked what they want to see the UK do, it is the single market that has seen the biggest increase."
"We need to be really careful about what we say and what we say in our campaigns and on the ground and what we say in our pages on the Internet and that's really important."
"He would lose his job and lose his job, but he's still the guy who's the best person in the world."
"The court heard that as a result of the physical difficulties they had suffered they were left without a proper place to live."
"He is the kind of person who is going to win the whole thing in front of his people."
"\"You just have to work your way back, you have to be tough and you have to be good,\" he said."
"It is more of a club, they are my family and I feel like I have a special place in their heart."
"\"You have to learn how to be good, how to be an effective leader,\" he said."
"A woman who had a child with the man's partner and was with the man's wife on a holiday in Italy was sexually assaulted by him."
"He said: \"There are a lot of tough times in this Premier League season, but I think we have been the best team we've played this year."
"The league is the only major sports league that is allowed to pass on the same rights to all its players."
"You can't make the argument that the way you want to see it is what you want."
"The campaign event was announced Tuesday night by the National Republican Senatorial Committee, an organization that represents party members and the party's governing body."
"\"I just want to thank everybody who has been a part of my life over the years,\" she says."
"The statement read: \"As we know from a great deal of research and this is one of the main reasons we are in this situation, we need to do something about it."
"\"But now we're seeing the reverse, people have a choice,\" she says."
"He's probably one of the most powerful people in the world, and you've got to work for that."
"When I think of Liverpool, I think of Arsenal, I think of the Manchester United team, but I never thought I'd see it in my life."
"And the fact that we're doing it at the highest level is the biggest thing I've ever seen."
"If they're lucky, they're always going to be able to earn a reward for their efforts and not have to worry about losing their money."
"Mr. Trump's own lawyers are still trying to figure out how to handle the situation, and it's unclear whether they will be able to get away with it."
"When I was an adult, I would stay home and read and write to my children, because they were more interested in reading."
"That is why we are calling for an immediate halt in the construction of any new electricity stations until the cost of these projects is fully established."
"He was prepared to accept an offer of \u00a3 500, 000, but insisted that he was not a wealthy businessman and didn't want to pay any money."
"We will focus on the bad times because that's what we've been through all our lives, the tough times that go with your life."
"I can see it now, but I'm not sure it will happen in the next five years."
"But it's still clear that people have changed and these are not as easy to predict as people think."
"Now, we can work with them and see if we can build a different kind of alliance that will make this country competitive again."
"As well as some of the officers, the authorities said that a number of the same individuals may have been behind the attacks."
"\"It's the first time I've had to do this in a long time,\" said the 23- year- old."
"A group of high school students were discovered dead after being attacked by two teenagers who had allegedly had sex with them, an inquest has heard."
"There are no official statistics on how many civilians and military personnel are killed in the fighting, but a United Nations monitoring group says it could be several thousand."
"I had a few meetings with guys who are still on the team and they're looking at it, too."
"I'm not sure it will be easy to make it work but the energy is there, and the support has been overwhelming."
"This year, she is making her first visit to the site and will be a highlight of the course, which will run from the end of April to mid- June."
"I am happy to talk to him, but I don't feel there are any people who can speak to him, the way he talks."
"I don't know how many other people here, but I know a lot of other people here and I'm really looking forward to the opportunity to be here."
"'If I could be married to a woman who lives in the village, I would probably think she'd like me,' he said."
"To celebrate, the party will hold a free rally in downtown Los Angeles on November 10 to celebrate the anniversary of the ceasefire."
"I think we have to play better in the second half and we have to play better on the right side of the park."
"He will ask for a ban on all Syrian refugees, and for refugees who have been settled illegally in the region."
"But not all of the three have been so well- received, with a small handful of the others being not so well received."
"But I can't say for sure if we are going to be able to keep those guys, so I'm not going to be like that."
"But as the race was going on, they kept coming back, so they could take this to a point where they could really feel like they were doing the right thing."
"The number of people who are not registered to vote was also smaller than last time, but the number of people who are registered and voted has been steady."
"I know we have to win games, but it is important that we win the game and we are going to have a good look at this game."
"\"It's been a busy week for me, the only time I've done something for him has been at the end of the week,\" he said."
"The incident came amid allegations of discrimination against women and children and an announcement that the Home Office was investigating allegations of abuse against a number of staff."
"I don't think anyone can really help us, because there's not enough money."
"The vast majority of women don't know they're supposed to be the \"gender of choice \"in an organisation, she says."
"They had been in touch with a second man, and when the woman gave birth, the men were believed to have found her."
"He would have done well in Germany if he had gone into the next World Cup, but he didn't."
"The National Trust says it is not a charity or an investment group but rather a legitimate organisation- and a business."
"We need to come together and understand, we need to be more than just one team, we need to be a team of good people."
"We are lucky we can do this if we pay our legal bills so we can be part of the community in the future."
"While Hillary Clinton won by an average of 1. 6 percent in New Hampshire in the first week of the Republican primary, Donald Trump only won by 1. 6 percent."
"And this is the kind of thing that I think is going to hurt us the most in terms of the overall state of the nomination process."
"\"It's not like we want to come back to Earth, but we want to make sure that we are on the path to a safe future,\" he said."
"The women were clearly feeling extremely bad and I didn't want to see that happen to them or anyone else."
"We had a couple of days to recover from that and we'll be working on those next couple of days, but I think we will finish the season the way we were."
"'I was living with my mother's boyfriend for two years and he was on top of me, and it was just a routine thing,' she said."
"The Rams said Friday they were still searching for a solution to the Raiders'contract dispute with the league."
"That's not something I'd like to see happen,\" he said, adding that he is \"willing \"to see the resolution passed."
"And the total number of families in the hospital in 2015 rose by nearly a third to 1. 2 million, up from 1. 3 million in 2014."
"But we know they are starting to lose the ball and trying to run at you and we are very worried about that."
"\"If I'm going to be in the White House and the vice president is going to be in the White House, I'll be here,\" Clinton said."
"That was his only penalty of the game, as he had a strong effort and two strikes, but he was a fine for what he did."
"There are a number of factors that go into that, but the one thing that's clear is that they're not good for our game."
"\"It's just a public safety issue and we don't want that to happen in a short space of time,\" he said."
"The group said it had issued a notice to the regional government, saying it was seeking legal advice on the matter."
"I'm one of them, and we're going to get that done in the next two weeks,\" he said."
"The department has yet to determine what impact the changes have had on the city's drug- control program, and the agency's interim director has yet to be named."
"In response to a request from Fairfax Media to detail the nature of the payments and when they would be returned, a spokesman said: \"We are aware of this matter."
"I wasn't going to let it get to me and it's a wake- up call for me."
"We hope to build on that success and we can go out there and win with a strong effort, that's what I feel is right."
"\"The state has to deal with the challenges that it faces in order to maintain the public safety and security,\" the spokesman said."
"A few days ago I went to go to the gym to practice and then I went to the park to play baseball again."
"\"We've been talking about this for a long time, and we don't want to lose our momentum,\" he said."
"Even in the final, he scored just one goal, but this time it was a penalty kick from a close- range shot."
"After all, the group spent much of the first half of 2015 cutting its staff in half, and the overall number of staff cuts was down by nearly 30% over the same period."
"The state attorney general has said it does not investigate allegations that a private doctor conducted an illegal abortion on a woman."
"If you have any questions, please contact us at at [email protected] and we'll answer as quickly as we can."
"It's a big win for the family of a gun owner, but one that will be lost on the national stage for decades."
"After the game, I saw a video of my dog and two friends who were eating at the restaurant."
"\"I'm not going to leave my kids in the house,\" he told a group of friends."
"A spokesman for London Mayor Boris Johnson said the decision by the government to make the deal was an \"unprecedented \"amount of money."
"It's a wake- up call and I'm disappointed it hasn't worked out with the club."
"It is understood the two men were drinking and travelling in a van near a police station when they were stopped by police."
"The five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism and carrying out a knife attack on a police station in Ankara on Thursday morning were detained for two hours, according to local media."
"I want to be the type of person that says what he wants to say, that you can't do that to anybody."
"I think it's the right thing to do, but it's difficult because it's not for everybody and it's a family thing."
"The event took place in the shadow of the previous world record- held in August by a 17- year- old boy."
"'I wasn't going to lie to you because I know she's probably more popular than I expected,' he said."
"She says she's trying to understand why I could never come to terms with what was going on."
"The nation's largest and most expensive health insurance market has yet to open up, a sign that the new market conditions are making people wait longer for their plans."
"The Guardian has been under scrutiny for years for its reporting on the EU's biggest political issue, the EU referendum."
"More than 30 years later, the matter is now settled, but the very thought of having a son- in- law was never the focus."
"He said:'I didn't want to get the result out of my hand, but I'm grateful for it."
"The annual report also highlighted a series of improvements over the past year, including improvements to the transportation network, in- work assistance, more advertising and building materials."
"\"We have to look at the best way to go and I think we have to put in the hard work to get that done,\" he said."
"We're not going to try and bring the whole world together because we don't have the same resources."
"After that, it was time to start selling the material again- the market was in shock, there was a lack of demand and the demand was too great for the second- generation unit to survive."
"He's an active force in the province, and was on the run for at least two months before he was rescued."
"And it wasn't until he was in the hospital for eight hours and then came home that he learned he had a heart attack and was unable to speak for two days."
"The war is a very popular form of government, and if you don't agree with it, you can ask for some help."
"In the past, the biggest players, such as the three- time Olympic gold medal winners, have gone on to win medals."
"It is the latest in a series of measures that are expected to be put in place over the next few months, with further changes expected in the near term."
"The Blues won two of their last three games this season and have made two consecutive trips to the Western Conference finals."
"\"It was not a good performance from me, it was a bad performance from me,\" he said."
"The Department of Justice will review the decision as soon as possible, but it will not make a decision until the end of the year, the source said."
"We'll be testing the new camera for a few weeks and it'll show quite a bit of the work the old one did before."
"I always say that it is better to fight than be beaten in the first round of a competition."
"We still haven't made a decision on what we're going to do about this, because we haven't been able to decide on our own how we're going to do it."
"I'm just one person, and when you put me on the phone and tell me what I'm going to do, it's better."
"\"We have to make sure we are able to get our economy back on track by protecting the environment, protecting our coast and our economy,\" he said."
"When we saw a young woman, she was a little bit different to what we thought she would be, but she was in a really good frame of mind."
"The issue of the contract between the company and the EU has been a source of concern to many in the French trade community."
"In February it was announced that the former President of the United States would be joining the cast, following a series of negative comments from the President himself about women."
"The couple's two- year old son, who has since been in a stable condition, has been in a stable condition in hospital for two days."
"So it is important for people to know that you don't have to have a health insurance policy to buy health insurance."
"\"I think it is really important for people to know that people are using this product to boost their health and be able to spend time in nature,\" he said."
"We can't afford to ignore what we have seen in the past two years, which has made the lives of those living in poverty harder."
"It's a big thing, but there are so many lessons learned that don't need to be repeated."
"The new location has a grand entrance and a second, open kitchen, and rooms are being built up around the property to hold on to the old ones."
"We're going through a pretty crazy year, but we're at the edge of our ability to handle it."
"It doesn't matter if I like it or not, it doesn't matter if I like it or not, it's not the choice."
"Some say a central bank should have set its policies in a manner that it can manage the value of its money."
"\"As we go through the year, we are more excited than ever about what the future holds,\" he added."
"He said he was pleased with the comments, and that they \"were made up by a man who can't even speak a word of English."
"There were signs of some internal conflict- the war is still too much, but there is still a lot of the civilian population."
"He was found guilty of the attempted murder of a 23- year- old woman in July 2013, after police discovered he had a knife."
"To say that I'm disappointed with what we did is simply not true, I don't think."
"A year ago, we had a really good performance and a great race in the last few days to show that we can get it right."
"And I'm looking forward to coming back, having a year off and feeling good about myself."
"We're also in a period of uncertainty right now, and that's good news for the recovery,\" he said."
"As a result of this, I got to a time when I could have made the money I had to invest in my own business."
"But he'd managed to get into a game- changing moment in that he was playing for a national team, in his own country."
"'When you have to get up to sleep, you're more likely to feel tired and you don't want to wake up if you're not being well."
"But I know that it will not be easy for him and he has to be tested for his performance in that situation."
"We want to have the guys that are capable of playing in the next game and that's the team."
"The president- elect's transition team said the new administration would not have to seek approval from Congress before the new administration takes office."
"When the company's revenue declined to its lowest level since 2010, it added $ 7 million to its balance sheet."
"He said the best way to handle such an opportunity is to find a manager who can provide the coach with the players and staff the sort of programme and training regime that we're looking to have in this competition."
"It is just a shame that his agent would have to write off the decision, which has been taken without consultation from the club."
"He said: \"The service providers recognise that as the UK's largest, we can't do anything until we find a solution to the problem."
"That would be a major change, and it would give Trump a voice on the issue of the global economy and jobs."
"It's about being a part of something bigger than yourself- just as you can be when you are in a good mood."
"If you look at what we've been through in the last couple years it's tough to see what we can do."
"There's still a lot of good players on the pitch but I don't think we're going to be able to put pressure on them."
"It's not like I've gone to school in the town, and I haven't really been to the area."
"The decision to ignore a request by the EU- member states to get the bill passed on the same day as the vote for Brexit was made after Mr Cameron was due to visit Britain on April 23."
"One of the biggest problems with such a system is that it's not even a legal process at all."
"And the fear of being trapped in a world where you're not allowed to be free is absolutely killing me."
"You can only see it in the context of the recent refugee crisis and the fact that the whole of Europe is being taken for granted."
"He said: \"We are extremely disappointed in what happened and would like to take all reasonable steps to try and bring closure to the family."
"If they're not, they're out of work, and that's where it gets really hard."
"I wasn't in the same place as [ my father ] but I was there to watch him in action and try to help him out."
"But, in fact, he said that he had done nothing wrong in using a private email account, which could be used to conduct foreign policy."
"The reason I don't feel I have a clear vision of what's going to happen in the next two years is that I've not spent a lot of time thinking about it."
"It's an improvement from the last game, but I feel like we've got to continue to work hard to get better every game."
"If he's playing like a back- up or they're trying to get him on the ball, it's not an easy decision."
"He was the youngest in the group at the time, and although he won the medal in the age group, he wasn't able to compete in the 10- metre and 10- metre events."
"\"We have to focus on the job and, in this case, focusing on the job and I believe he's right,\" she added."
"The Premier League is the biggest league in Europe, with revenue of around \u00a3 1 billion, but it is a young team and we are well organised and we are better prepared than any other Premier League club for the future."
"I'm sure you know the former head coach has had a difficult time, but I will say the players have shown a great deal of character in the last few games."
"We have had a lot of things to look at and try and resolve the issues that were raised by this proposal, but I don't think we have done anything."
"The league will continue to assess its options, which it estimates to be worth about $ 1 billion."
"It is just that we don't have the resources to respond to it, or to respond well and effectively."
"For example, if you have a child that needs a doctor, the doctor will likely have a greater chance of success."
"I think it's important that we listen to the people and the interests that we serve, but also understand that we are a country, we're not a third world country, we need to be part of the world."
"There's been a lot of preparation [ for a home game ], but this one's more challenging."
"For instance, if you have a long- term problem with your life, you may want to consider offering a short- term loan."
"I have no idea how many times I've done it but it's not like the whole lot of people have heard."
"But that's not the case when you're playing a regular- season game and you're starting the year with a healthy field."
"We have a great group of young players and we have to keep them around and be able to get them into the next two or three games."
"\"What you see in the film is that there is no one, the state is everywhere and there are political forces,\" he said."
"\"I'm not even going to say this is the right thing to do,\" he said, adding that the migrants who enter Europe are already here."
"It is thought that if a child is found in the cup, they will be sent away from the school."
"The UK's leading economic body warned that a move to the EU was the only way to deal with the current crisis."
"For instance, if you're a 29- year- old and you're using a drug that's not available to you, you're not able to access it in the same way as a 28- year- old."
"He said he believes the next president will see Trump as the next great American leader, not the one before him."
"If we don't do something about it, it will be a disaster for our industry, and for the people of the state."
"The shop floor was quite different, there were a lot of buildings, and it was a completely different shopping experience."
"That's why, with the best system in the world, we can make things happen that are not seen."
"The protesters were angry with an agreement they reached last year that would have made a small contribution to the project."
"I was in a car and they would have to go back and get her back and then I was in the car with the driver."
"This time we will show there are even more victims of sexual abuse in the care of our children, in the care of those who need support."
"On average, the total tax burden for a person in Australia rose by \u00a3 1, 200, or 4. 5 per cent of income, on average over the four years to 2011."
"He can't be traded until he's signed, and there's no way he can be given the opportunity to play in the NBA."
"In this case, the case was not a criminal offence and the woman was not arrested in the case, the court said."
"We've already had a lot of games where we've beaten teams that have a lot of good players and we haven't been able to play that quality."
"They also won the final with a combined 82 points, though they conceded just one of them in the last seven matches."
"It's not like I'm saying you have to be a bad player or you're not going to be able to be a good player."
"One of the worst cases was a poor service at the airport which was cancelled as the airline was down by 40 per cent."
"We're going to do everything we can to help them, to try to get them on the same page as we are."
"\"The trouble is, there are a lot of young people who are now using the system and we have to be aware of that,\" she said."
"I don't want to give anything away because you're not going to get to know him until it's done."
"I knew that I could be at a loss when I had to tell him, but I just said I'd be on my own."
"The former England manager has revealed that the group- which includes United, Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool- are all in talks with him over a future role."
"He has to learn from them and make sure they're not taking advantage of him."
"Theresa May, the Home Secretary, was speaking at the Conservative Party Conference in Birmingham on Monday night, the same day as the Home Secretary's speech to the party's annual conference."
"We are thinking of working with local authorities to see what we can do to help support the community in a short time frame."
"He said that if he can raise $ 5, 000 in three days and work it out, he would be able to buy a home in the area."
"But there was a sense that if you were not in the best of shape then you wouldn't be in the best of shape."
"If it is my time and I want to go back to it, then I can do that."
"He was the one person in the crowd who could've been injured, and he probably wouldn't have gone down the way he did."
"\"I don't see the future without her,\" he said of his wife, adding she was working on the birth of a child."
"We have our own family, but we're not the ones responsible for what happens to a family member who hasn't done anything wrong."
"\"If there's anything the government can do, it's to stop people from going to these things,\" he said."
"I'm very concerned about the impact of the Brexit vote, but not really concerned about the impact of the EU referendum."
"\"But there is a problem in this one that you've made a whole lot of mistakes and some people are starting to question whether it is even worth,\" he said."
"The three women's names were released under the condition they would not be identified, and their daughter did not need to be identified."
"'I can't help feeling as though we've been playing with our heads for years and not really getting in the way of our games,' she says."
"I've done a few plays where I've been a little bit down, so I've got to see the ball better."
"At a time when President Obama is under growing pressure from the Russians over the hacking of Democratic Party emails, Trump has been talking about the need for a \"new beginning \"in the Ukraine."
"And even though it's been over an hour since I'd done it, I've still got a lot of work to do."
"\"I'm a big fan of the Dodgers and I'm sure we're going to be a tough team for a couple of weeks,\" he said."
"There are many people who feel this is not the time to be a British citizen, so they are voting Labour."
"I am not sure what it is, but you are still not getting the run you are used to seeing."
"The parent of a young girl who was raped by a teacher was sacked after she posted a picture of her child's birth on Facebook."
"To all the volunteers who give their lives for our cause, I ask you to show up and let us know what you can do for us."
"But you have to go out there and take responsibility for the team and you have to do what the coaches told you to do and it is not to do that."
"For his part, Mr. Trump seemed to feel his support had dropped significantly from the months leading up to his November victory."
"The Turkish government had promised that the country would take back refugees who had fled the conflict in Syria and Iraq."
"She would never have been able to do that, she says, if she'd been given a job on the set."
"The mother- of- three is said to have planned the murder with a friend- and had planned to look for her, but no- one was found."
"When the polls were released, Clinton was not even on the ballot before she was declared the winner, although she was."
"It was a pretty obvious move but it was not a show, so I don't know why we chose it."
"The company, which is trying to raise $ 15 million, is the most expensive new business in Australia's history, raising $ 14. 1 billion in funding over the last six months."
"\"I'm not a big fan of voting for Donald Trump, but I'm pretty sure I would prefer to see a guy like that on the ballot,\" she says."
"We can't control the flow of information- and if people are getting really emotional, then people can't really know what's happening."
"The woman's husband, a retired police officer, and two children were also killed, one of them in a falling head on the road."
"The UK government has called on MPs to allow doctors to make a point about the risks of a foreign travel ban."
"I don't think they were prepared to take a risk- of course they knew that their view of the EU was very much in question and we are a world leader in free movement of ideas."
"It's my job, but it is important that we keep working in the same fashion and we just keep improving, and if we can get better we are in the race."
"Now the first part of this is that a company's earnings are changing and not always a good thing."
"\"We are happy that it's the right place to be to make decisions about what we want to do with our lives, and what we want to do with our children,\" she said."
"\"We've had a lot of wonderful experiences in the last couple of years, and it's important to get over here,\" he said."
"But that doesn't mean we are not prepared to take the necessary steps to ensure the safety of the community."
"\"What you need to understand is this: It's not a matter of throwing your hat in the ring, it's a matter of the outcome,\" he said."
"They were also expected to attend a joint session of the UN General Assembly, the second meeting of the main international body to discuss the refugee crisis."
"One of the changes is that a single week's pay will now be available for the Scottish Government to pay out."
"It's not a very successful story in the world of professional sports and it's a story that hasn't quite been told yet."
"I think he's a great manager and he's got a great personality and I like the guy and I have a lot of respect for him."
"\"I'm not sure how long I'll be in this job, but I can't live without it,\" he said."
"One of the first things we want is to try and convince people that they're not so new to the programme and what they've been doing for a long time."
"I know it will be hard for me to keep my head up, but I know I can't do anything about it."
"I am sure that the children will be happy and at home because they have not got their parents in a year."
"A 2015 survey found that most young people said they believed they should not be allowed to earn more than the minimum wage."
"She was also not believed to have been in a serious relationship with someone or to have done anything wrong."
"He said: \"The concern for the safety of children was that they were not allowed to go out on their own."
"The 25- year- old said: \"I have been very lucky in the past few years, but I am only going to make it into a professional."
"The latest figures show the industry made only $ 27. 4 billion last year, the equivalent of 10 per cent of the $ 1 billion industry total in 2015."
"This year, the European Commission has pledged \u20ac 9 billion ($ 11. 8 billion) to boost clean energy production."
"I went to a couple of the clubs and I didn't want to give them a bad impression about me."
"To come up with something better than I had was to just create the possibility that I would be able to play again."
"Some 33 per cent of all child deaths in the UK are deaths of a \"serious \"cause, the poll found."
"This is a government programme, not an individual decision- making process, and this is a government decision, not the outcome of the Labour party's decision,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to defend Trump,\" Sanders said in an interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper on Sunday."
"I don't want to sound like I'm coming off the edge, but if I was coming off the edge, then I wouldn't have asked for it."
"The reason is that, as a result of the investigation, they have now been given a clear opportunity to speak and see what they want."
"\"It is not for everyone to decide what they want to do with their money, but for me, I am determined that it is not my money,\" he said."
"The minister added: \"The UK government has pledged to support the process of Brexit and we are committed to the process that we started."
"This summer the party has thrown its hat into the ring with a series of events that have been attended by hundreds of thousands of people."
"A few years ago, they'd been living on the streets, in abandoned homes and on the street."
"It's an extremely competitive environment and we are committed to providing that experience to the players and coaches in the event of a successful challenge."
"We have a job to do and we're going to do it, but we have to stay focused on what we have to do and not lose sight of what we're doing."
"Even though I'm an actress, and I'm a married man, I don't think I can be a man without my wife."
"I was a bit disappointed with how they responded, but it's a big win for us."
"And for every one of them, there's one that's worth $ 10 or $ 20."
"\"We have lost the momentum and momentum that we once had and we can't win games like this,\" Murray said."
"The paper's core goal was to make money by offering limited access to knowledge, so it wasn't surprising to see the paper's profile."
"He says: \"I'm a huge fan of all the classes I go to and I've always had a good relationship with all the people who are doing them."
"But the men said they would have been hurt if they had been able to get into the shop without a licence."
"One thing I have noticed is that the more women are involved, the more comfortable we are with each other and the more sex we are with each other."
"It's a little bit different to where I was in the second half, but I think we did everything we could to get us there."
"We need to be careful when we say we are going to send our military to Syria, but not all of them are going to be from the US."
"She had the best performance in the history of college football, she says, but she got in the way of her friends and family."
"The second half was a much different story, with the first half, they were down to 21 men for the first time since October."
"The project is being funded by a variety of sources, including government, environmental and business groups."
"But the newspaper, which said Mr. Putin's victory marked the end of the \"last political revolution,\" urged Russia to continue fighting."
"There are more than 60 candidates and candidates who are running and we know that there are going to be many names that are going to come out in the next couple of days."
"The BBC's special \"Where the Kings Live \"meant the show's biggest surprise since its opening in September 2013."
"The Games are only open to those who are 18 years or older and cannot attend the regular games."
"He is also appealing for witnesses to come forward as he has not been able to go to court and his wife has not been able to make contact with him."
"It's like a game of pool with two balls in each hole and you're looking at the last one, so it's definitely a very good competition."
"\"He made some very good decisions, but we have to look at it from the other side of the ball,\" said Mourinho."
"For him to be in the second week of the game and get it away from him is incredible."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was sitting on the driver's seat when he was struck, the report said."
"You can tell that a lot of people are going to be watching in the comments, because we got a lot of support from the press."
"I'm convinced we're better off as a squad but we're still in the game and we have to do more to build momentum."
"He said: \"I think we were too quick to look at the issue and say: \"well, there are some men who may be sexually attracted to women."
"\"I just want to put my head in the sand and keep moving forward,\" she told the BBC."
"We want to give you the best in every age group, so please give your child the best education possible."
"It's a trade war between the US and China, the Chinese government has warned, and a more immediate clash between US interests and those of the Chinese."
"\"I feel like I'm sitting on my own at this point, and I'm not sure I'm ready to give it up,\" he said."
"I have a lot of experiences and I am not someone who would be here if I didn't make it."
"\"It's a once in a lifetime opportunity for a new generation of people to join the party,\" he said."
"The board has not yet been able to confirm the report and Mr Miller will not be taking any official statements in the coming weeks."
"A survey of 64 people in three towns in the west of England found men who had sex with their partner were more likely to be victims than women."
"\"The thing about this case is that it's really got to be one of the most important decisions in the history of the U. S. immigration system,\" he said."
"Mr. Cameron's speech was widely seen as a positive for the government's hopes of getting some sort of deal."
"The fact is that you are working for your own survival, whether it's a baby or the best of times."
"It's not about me, it's about who I am, what I have been through, what I've done and what I've learned in life."
"He had to fight his way through two weeks of a second round of damage that left him with a second- and third- round knock."
"They have a lot of catching up to do in terms of keeping their heads down and taking their chances in the Premier League."
"\"I'm just really pleased with where we've gone,\" said Jones, who added: \"Our approach has been fantastic."
"If he was innocent, there would be no doubt in my mind that he would have been charged with the offence."
"In a short video, Mr Corbyn made clear that he would not seek to impose the death penalty on the police."
"We're going to have to be up to the challenge and we're going to have to keep our heads down and take the game to the horses."
"The school is close to the government's goal of creating 1 million new jobs over the next 10 years, although it has not yet announced any plans."
"The world is about to face the biggest sea- level rise since the late 19th century, scientists have warned."
"The measure was passed last week but lawmakers, who are considering the bill, have yet to agree on the exact time for it to take effect."
"But the company had to change its strategy after losing a bid in 2010, and went through a public offering of shares in 2014."
"In a statement released Friday, the Republican governor of Virginia said: \"We will do everything we can to support the Republican Party and its nominee."
"She got a call from her mum and dad, who were in the house at the time, and found her two sons lying on the floor."
"It's only the third time in three years that an American president has made the same comment."
"'When I got the information on the boy, I was shocked,' he said."
"I think this is a win for us and it's the kind of win that gives us confidence that we can win games."
"He was never found, but police say he may have broken into the restaurant and that someone fired shots at him."
"I will look at it and see if it's a failure or if it's a better choice."
"\"The only thing we can do is ask the question: what does it say about us that we are free, so long as we are willing to work together?\"the candidate said."
"The government, meanwhile, said it would have no \"final decisions \"on which project to keep, because it was \"in the process of making its decision \"on which price it will pay."
"In 2015, it became the world's largest drug market and the world's largest hospital, with about 1. 5 billion people in its operating rooms."
"\"I don't think there is a problem in terms of what is being done,\" he said, adding that the government had already launched the screening process."
"\"He's the one to learn the art, and he'll go and do it,\" he said."
"The next week, he gave a speech to the First Lady, who then ordered him to stop speaking."
"\"If I'm ever in a position to give up a piece of land I'll take it, but I don't want to go down that road again,\" he said."
"It's a long year, but you're going to have a good year and we'll be up in the finals as well."
"He's a man of no authority and I think he's doing a terrible job of doing that and I'd like to see him brought back."
"In a Facebook message posted to his website, he said: \"I think it's a shame that I couldn't do anything, because it means I could have helped him."
"\"The time to get the players to come back and show for us in that way, that's what we've done,\" he said."
"If you do it that way you're going to lose the whole sense of community, because you don't have people from that community coming to see you."
"The first case is a new study, which is part of a larger investigation of the role of online dating."
"\"You have to remember that this was a very short- term issue,\" the 27- year- old said."
"When you can't win games, you try and get one out of them and then go back in there and try and win."
"The company said it was \"pleased \"by the result and would do all it can to give customers an option to switch from electric to gas."
"They all seem like other kids who would get upset if you asked them to use their real names."
"But it is the children who will be most affected because they will not get the best education for their families."
"\"I'm just proud of the work that the staff did on this case,\" he said."
"\"We've been talking about this for a long time, and it's something we're happy to move forward,\" she said."
"He was a really, really good player, and I think he knows what he's doing well."
"\"He is doing everything in his power to say that and that is the key to him going forward,\" he said."
"She said she had been driven to a local supermarket by a man, who had driven her to pick up a package for her daughter."
"This was a very big hit to the same economy, and the damage had been done to a lot of people."
"In some cases, it is even easier to get information from a friend that you have already written to your boss or other friend, so you can reach out to them more quickly."
"A man and woman are believed to have been involved in the accident and have been taken to hospital, police said."
"The Queensland government has proposed a tax hike for mining companies- equivalent to a 20 per cent tax cut for all."
"The problem is that we have not, in fact, seen a real drop in crime over the last few years."
"But we're going to do what we're going to do as a team and we're going to compete at the highest level and we're going to be good again."
"The company's shares have fallen almost 9 percent over the past year, which is the first time it has lost more than one percent in a year."
"\"I know that in the end, they are all right, but we have to make sure that they can stay in the game,\" he said."
"He will get his chance to walk into the match and play as a finalist for the award, which is given by the French Open."
"He's going to be with us at the end of the day, not just out there, but in the stands."
"He said: \"I'm not making this a joke ; I'm actually a serious man."
"I'm not suggesting that every major tech company should get a run- out of your product."
"The response to our inquiry was that we would try to understand what happened but we don't have a clear idea."
"He said there was no doubt that the cash rate would fall further, with the industry's biggest firms likely to close their accounts next month."
"We wanted to make a series of episodes that we would all enjoy watching but if we couldn't do it we would always just go back to the TV."
"\"We're a committed team, and we're building in the right way to make sure we can stay there,\" he said."
"The 28- year- old first appeared on the radar of the West Coast Blues in the early 2000s and the Blues were prepared to pay for him."
"The U. S. has been working with allies to gather information on ISIS in Iraq and Syria, but no action has been taken."
"A former Arsenal defender, who returned to the club in 2014, said:'I was not a good fit for the first team and I was always going to be disappointed at the end."
"The teen had been in and out of hospital for almost a week after the incident and was listed in stable condition at a local hospital."
"What I saw in the screen was how deeply involved the audience had become, and it was the kind of performance that could become the kind of thing you'd miss in the mainstream."
"This is about the same proportion of the population as the average of all the other countries in the world."
"In my opinion, the best way to go is to get things done, so I'm going to continue to keep pushing forward."
"\"I've got a lot of people in my position that I would be upset about,\" Trump said."
"More than 200, 000 people have been displaced, according to UN figures, most of them in the north of the country."
"A \"mass shooting \"in the city had led to the deaths of four people, a police spokeswoman said on Friday."
"The effect, of course, is to leave people in the position of being disappointed that they haven't managed to get things done."
"\"We'd really like to see a complete break in the administration and start to address the world's worst refugee crisis ever,\" he said."
"He said: \"I don't know if he was involved in that or just didn't want to make the car as it was not a very good one at the time."
"The terms of the sale were not clear, but a spokeswoman said it was possible to come up with a different contract for the two companies."
"We don't know if it's because they were not in the game and are not really good enough, but at least they can see."
"He has done something that has been missing for a long time, but his huge impact on the club has been missed."
"The warning was issued after a 15- year- old boy was caught on CCTV walking up to a man at the car park."
"At the same time, the MPs said they will do everything they can to support the government and I am determined to support them."
"\"In response to this situation, I am unable to comment, and will continue to hold the position of chair of the board and as a member of the board,\" he said."
"He is a nice guy but I would like to see him put himself in a place where he can protect the team and do his job."
"And, while these are well established, there is still a lot more to come."
"More than 1 million people have travelled to and from the country, and 2. 5 million people are now refugees in the country."
"They have been travelling the length of the country to come to the aid of those that have died, and they have taken up residence on the roads."
"But if you were going to come down on your own, you were going to have to turn to the friends who are really good."
"The company's share price is down about 20 percent over the past year and has lost about a quarter of its value over the past year."
"He said: \"We will be working with the police to make sure that the right person is in custody."
"I would have liked to have been able to play against the United States and win a medal, but I think that's the plan."
"For all the talk that Trump would do something like that to try and block the courts, he's really just showing he's the one who can actually do it."
"They're not the only ones, and it's one of the things that is so shocking about the whole thing."
"There are many reasons why you might want a bond, such as a love of sports or a passion for music."
"You might want to work out where you want to get to, for example, a time when you could see a clear, bright future and feel confident about it."
"The estimated 150, 000 people who have fled the city have been displaced by the war, with some 400, 000 more fleeing the war- torn east."
"\"I don't know what we're doing, but you know what I'm saying, we're going to come back at you,\" she said."
"I want to win it for the fans, but not just the fans who are in the car, because I want to win for my family."
"\"We're going to have to stop them from going to Turkey to join ISIS,\" said Trump during an interview with ABC News."
"I've got a group of people that I've been with for six years that I'm a bit of a team player with."
"The lead we've got is by far one of the most dangerous in the world, and if we're not careful we're going to get it out of our hands."
"\"I was in the car for a few minutes and was completely shocked by this behaviour,\" he said."
"The trust, which has only one executive director, will look at a range of issues including environmental protection and security."
"It is understood the girls, aged 10, 13 and 16, were being held in a residential care facility on the park for a week."
"\"It's an interesting thing for me to do, and I want to make sure that as soon as I can I have a home at my church,\" she said."
"A 15- year- old boy has died after being hit by a car near the town, police said."
"We have been keeping an eye on the area and are continuing to contact them with any information they may have."
"\"I'm not sure how I'd feel if I was treated like that, but at least I'm in a situation to be treated like I'm not in a situation,\" he said."
"Mr. Trump said that he is very much in favour of free trade but would not trade with countries that were already part of the free trade zone."
"The group's CEO, Charlie Rose, said there were \"no plans \"for the New York event, which takes place April 4- 6."
"The tax- free status of the \"No \"campaign is being held up as a sign the economy is on the side of the rich and well."
"Mr Hall told reporters that he did not have a problem with being told to do so, and that it was a \"very good thing \"for the community to know."
"As such, the researchers said, it is important that scientists with \"deep understanding of the proper structure of the brain to develop new drugs to target these conditions."
"'We did a lot of research on the family to find out what the results would be and we were delighted with what we found,' he said."
"The ban was lifted in October 2015, after the body failed to register as a sex offence, despite several attempts."
"And it could make it easier for her to work from home, since she could use the machines to do the household checks, which she could access by using her mobile phone."
"A source told The Times:'We're at a point now where we're not necessarily sure what to do with him."
"\"I think that the voters who were not voting for me in the last election were not voting for me in the last election,\" he said."
"A spokeswoman for the government said: \"We are continuing to work with all our partners to help them to identify the best way to go after this outbreak."
"The full- year rate, which would be the same as the existing rate, is now in its first year of recovery."
"It's not always easy to take a stand, but it is a good thing that we don't have a candidate that can say that at this point."
"I don't know what to say about it but I do know that he will go through with it."
"'But I don't think it's a bad idea to have a strong political stance, especially in such a short time."
"\"We are going to make this decision from a position of strength and this decision will be made in the next few days,\" he said."
"A new study says that obesity is linked to a higher risk of death, and has been shown to be a risk factor for cancer."
"He was also criticized for having so little training and then not having enough money for his daily expenses."
"She's not afraid of telling her story and I think she will be for me."
"I feel like I'm the best player in the world right now, so that's what I'm focused on."
"\"I've never seen anything like it,\" she said, adding that she has also seen people come and go in search of a place to live."
"It is a concern that the UK has its own \"security and privacy \"contract with its European partners and it does not want to enter into another."
"I had a surprise with the boys and my whole season was coming to an end but I think we really got that and we were really disappointed with the results."
"'The reality is that you can't see what they are doing at the moment,' he said, and added that he would have only warned them if it was possible to see them."
"I don't know whether he was actually killed or was trying to do that, but that is what I can't do."
"In his opening statement, Mr. Obama said: \"When I was a kid I would have always taken my brother and sisters and family members to my place in the world."
"\"It's amazing that we could be in the top 10 with him,\" said the 55- year- old."
"He was rushed to hospital in a serious condition after he fell from a second- floor window and was carried into a nearby building."
"\"I am disappointed that the people who are playing this game don't know what they are doing,\" he said."
"If a candidate says that you are going to cut your taxes, I don't know if that would be a good thing."
"\"We must not forget the lessons learned from the past and make the best of the circumstances,\" he said."
"After the rain fell on the west coast of Australia, the governor warned residents not to leave their homes unless they were at least 100 metres away from the water."
"\"There's a lot of passion here, and we've seen a lot of the development happening here,\" said Kim."
"One resident, who was not identified, said he saw the man walking away from the building and a second man walking towards the building when the man fired a gun."
"And while there is no guarantee that the money will go directly to Hillary Clinton's campaign, it's not impossible."
"He is now in an advanced stage of recovery and is expected to be back in action next month."
"Trump's tax plan would impose a tax on the wealthy that is equivalent to a 2 percent tax on all income above $ 500, 500."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to change anything but I am looking forward to seeing where I'm at,\" he said."
"\"The [ Wisconsin ] primary is a very important national contest and we are deeply concerned that Donald Trump will be the nominee,\" he said."
"\"We have to find out where they are, and we can't just sit there and wait for them to come,\" she said."
"The number of potential buyers and agents is now so large that it has become a big issue for airlines."
"I don't think that's right, and I think it's not right that we're going to put a way in front of that."
"In the past few years, the prices have fallen but they have not gone up as fast as they should have."
"There were reports of a group of civilians trapped inside the car, which was later found to have been a fire truck."
"When you get older, you're going to do a lot of things, so you're going to know a lot about them."
"We got the credit because we were all ready to take them out to training and the support of our guys, they have come up to us and started off on a high."
"The last thing I want to do is take my head off and say I don't want to play football."
"But it's also really important to know where you stand and understand what you're dealing with, especially if you're thinking about getting a mortgage."
"I think it's a big decision for both sides and for us, especially in the last two years of the campaign."
"It's such a wonderful thing to meet such a wonderful lady in a beautiful home, but I'm not sure she'll be able to meet me."
"She said: \"It is an honour to be able to go to the Olympics and it is also an opportunity to work with these organisations on how they can be better."
"On the other hand, men who have sex with women are less likely to report having any symptoms of sex addiction than those who don't."
"If a team doesn't have a team, they have to have a plan, which is difficult because there are so many players who can come in and compete."
"To this end, the department has announced an increase in its staff to 85 from an earlier target of 200."
"While the short- term impact of any new restrictions is not known, it could affect many retail outlets and could affect the business in general."
"\"If we can't make a difference in the future, we're not going to get there,\" he said."
"The current net migration figures, which are based on the total number of migrants entering the country from Greece, are based only on people coming to Europe from the member states of the EU."
"You can't just give up a film of what happened in the film and you can't just tell people what happened."
"I am not worried about this because I have a wife and children so I can stay healthy and active,\" he said."
"It's clear that there's a lot of pressure on a player to be 100 per cent on his game."
"\"I can tell you, I got a job to do,\" Clinton said, adding, \"I'm going to be there."
"\"We don't have time to waste, we don't want to spend time looking at them,\" he said."
"She said:'I am a mum and this is the first time I have had children, but my children are not entirely my own."
"The company says that it believes that it has a \"vast enough \"worth of capital and is now in the process of making the extra investment in plants."
"The best of the good things that come out of a public inquiry into the NHS could not be found in a single report."
"It's not like I have to worry about the person or the job, just like any other American citizen."
"I've heard that a lot of people just love the idea of getting a job and having kids, but it's not something that I want to do."
"But there are so many other things that have gone wrong, and the way we are treating those other things is not what we want to do."
"\"I have made many mistakes in my career, but I just have to live with it,\" he said."
"I can still feel the people in my country are in a war, and I feel so proud to be part of it."
"\"I didn't want to go there, I just felt I could play some of the games in England,\" he says."
"The new numbers indicate the four- year average rate of inflation in the UK would be 1. 7% in 2017."
"They are the ones that have done it on a regular basis, but have not beaten a top- level team in the last six years."
"It is the latest blow to the Islamic State group, which lost about half its population in the summer of 2014."
"I think it's good for the club to have another quality player like that for the one and two years that he's here, so I'm excited about it."
"As a group, we've had a bit of trouble with some of the more critical decisions in the last year."
"Police Scotland said it would not yet comment on whether it was investigating any other cases, adding: \"We have never been aware of any cases where a person has suffered a life- threatening injury."
"The 13- year- old boy was released without charge from custody but will remain in custody until the end of February."
"The legislation was introduced last year after a long- standing debate over how to respond to the UK's first transgender student."
"The heart of the company's culture is the experience of making money, so it's no surprise that the company was caught off guard by the announcement."
"The EU has warned that any deal the UK's exit would have with the 28- member bloc could be seen as a \"black \"beach landing."
"The closure of the border with Turkey came after a failed coup attempt in which Kurdish militants attacked the Turkish military."
"The Russian warplanes hit IS positions near the city of Aleppo on Thursday, killing at least 17 people and sending hundreds of others fleeing into Turkish territory."
"I'm used to doing it, and I know I have to do it, because if you let that go, you can get away with it."
"I think if I'm working two hours a day and working 20 hours a day and raising my kids, I really want to do that."
"I was pretty surprised when I read the comments from people who have read the books and understand what they're saying."
"He said that when you're out and about, you need to always be looking for a place to stay."
