"The government's announcement comes as the European Commission is investigating the EU's decision to ban the sale of cannabis in the country."
"The company said it had not received a response to the request for information from the U. S. Department of Justice."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep going,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 14. 40 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 9 per cent at $ 14. 21 on Wednesday."
"The problem is that the only way to get the money back is to go to the bank and get it back."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a lot of people who are going to be in the game."
"I'm not sure how much it will cost, but I'm sure it will be a lot more than what I'm used to."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to take anything for granted,\" \"she said."
"The U. S. has said it will not accept Syrian refugees, but the Syrian government has denied that it has carried out attacks on its own people."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 33."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide any more funding to the project, which has been in the works for a decade."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 20, the biggest gain in the company's history."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try to do my best,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the point is, but I'm not going to be surprised if he does,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 18. 30 in morning trading."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, to be able to be able to do a little bit of work in the gym,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 46, or 2. 9 per cent, to $ 35. 18 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The move comes as the government is facing a legal challenge from the European Commission over its decision to allow the country to continue to use the controversial system."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, and that it will not be able to afford to pay for the additional costs."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea or not, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 20 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think we need to be very careful in what we say and what we say about what we do in the future,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to be a leader in the business world,\" he said."
"The United States has been at war with North Korea since the end of the Korean War, but the North has never used nuclear weapons."
"The government has also pledged to increase the number of refugees it will admit from the EU by up to 20, 000 over the next five years."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government and the European Commission, but it had not yet decided whether to appeal."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a custody cell."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 2. 20 in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The first thing I want to do is to get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling in the right way and I think it's going to be a good game."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, I don't know what he's doing in the middle of the night,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but he's a good player,\" said the 24- year- old."
"I was a bit disappointed with the way we played, but we played really well and we're a good side."
"The move comes as the government is preparing to introduce a bill to allow the sale of alcohol in the country, which is currently banned under EU rules."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the game,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I'm not going to be surprised if it's not going to be a success,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but did not provide details."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the problem, which it says is caused by a lack of access to affordable housing."
"The government has been trying to get the issue of the death penalty off the agenda since the Supreme Court ruled in June that it was constitutional."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman,\" she said, adding that she had been a woman for a long time."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say in the press,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'll be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think there's a problem with the fact that the people who are in the room are the people who are going to be voting,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing to be a woman or not,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything for the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The two- year- old girl was taken to a hospital with serious injuries, while the two- year- old boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that we have a lot of people who are not in the business of running a business,\" he said."
"\"I think we need to make sure that the best people in the world are able to get on the same page,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 0. 4 percent, to $ 18. 28 in afternoon trading."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be happy with the outcome of the election,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to go there,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is due to be completed by the end of 2017."
"The study found that the average age of women who were diagnosed with breast cancer was 17. 6 years, compared to a similar age group of men."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and charged with possession of a weapon."
"The government has said it will not raise the price of oil, which has been a key driver of the global economy."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the club,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has risen by more than half since the 1990s, according to the World Health Organization."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will be introduced to the public in the next few weeks, the company said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I don't want to be in a situation where I have to go through the process,\" he said."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House since 2009, has been critical of Trump's rhetoric."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be playing in the next couple of weeks because of the injuries."
"\"I've got to be careful, because I'm not going to be able to do it all the time,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. had \"no intention of supporting or supporting terrorism \"in Syria."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"with the results and that it would continue to invest in its business."
"The government's announcement comes as the government's own figures show that the number of people aged over 65 has increased by almost half since 2010."
"The government has also announced a new initiative to help people find jobs and boost their quality of life."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 11. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 11 in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it wants to reduce the number of people who are not eligible to vote by half, but the number of people who are eligible to vote has not changed."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy, with the economy growing at a record pace."
"I think it's a very important thing for us to be able to get a good result out of it."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the government did not make changes."
"The government has also said it will not be able to take action on the issue until the new president takes office."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to make the trip to the United States."
"The report also found that the proportion of people who said they were \"very \"or \"very \"confident in their own ability to be a good parent was higher than the proportion who said they were \"very \"or \"very \"conf"
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 13 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's earnings report on Wednesday."
"The U. S. has been a major supporter of the Syrian government, and the U. N. Security Council has been in talks with the Syrian government on the issue."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 6 million payment from the U. S. government in July for the work."
"\"I don't know how you can be a professional and not be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company has also been accused of using its own data to help it target ads, which it said were not targeted at its customers."
"The first time I saw the video, I was so shocked that I didn't even think about it."
"I don't think it's going to be a problem if we have a good team and we have a good manager."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play until I'm 100 percent, but I'm going to be 100 percent,\" he said."
"I think it's important for people to understand that the government is not going to give you a free pass to do anything you want."
"\"We are going to be in a position to make decisions about the future of the club, and we will be in a position to make decisions about the future of the club,\" he said."
"The study, which was carried out in the UK, found that the average person in the study had a lower risk of dying from heart disease than did the average person in the rest of the world."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to sit here and say it's not good."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice to resolve the issue, but that it would not be able to do so until the matter was settled."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"I don't know what the next four years will look like, but I'm confident that we're going to have a good team."
"I don't think it's a good idea to have a system in place where you're not going to have a single person who's going to be able to tell you what's going on."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The number of people who are in the UK illegally has increased by more than half since the Brexit vote, according to a new report."
"The first thing I did was to get a little bit of a taste of what I'd been doing for the last couple of years."
"\"I don't know what the outcome of the election will be, but I'm going to keep my word,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not alone,\" he said, adding that the United States and Russia had been working together to defeat ISIS."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that in the next couple of days,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for a deal to sell its shares to the public, but the deal has been rejected."
"The only thing I'm worried about is that I'm going to lose my job and I'm going to have to do a lot of things to get back."
"\"It's a very good thing to be able to go out and play and see what I can do,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced plans to cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it had a \"significant \"number of employees and that it had a \"significant \"number of customers, but that it was not able to provide a number of customers for whom it could provide a telephone number."
"The first thing I want to do is to say thank you to all the people who have supported me over the years."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending $ 1. 6 billion a year on defence."
"\"I'm not sure that's what I was expecting, but I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a guy who's going to be a good guy,\" he said."
"The researchers found that the number of people who were affected by the virus increased by about 1. 5 percent between the ages of 15 and 20."
"\"We are going to have to make sure that we do everything we can to make sure that we do everything we can to make sure that we don't get a bad result,\" he said."
"The first thing you need to do is to know what you're doing, and then you can be prepared to do it."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that, and we're not going to be able to do that in the next few years,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a cap on the number of migrants it will admit from Greece, which has a population of about 1. 5 million."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to play in the Champions League and I think it's great for the players to be able to play in the Champions League."
"The first thing I did was to ask the question: What is the best way to get the best possible deal for the UK?"
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what we're trying to achieve,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, and what we say in the media, and what we say in the public,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the next step will be, but I'm confident that we'll be able to get this done."
"\"I don't think there's a lot of people who can say, \"I'm not going to vote for Hillary Clinton,\" \"he said."
"\"It's a big game, and we're going to have to get the ball in the right places,\" he said."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced in the coming weeks, but the company has already said it will not be making any changes to its products."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1. 5 billion worth of its shares in the past 12 months, including $ 1. 5 billion in cash."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will apply to all EU citizens, will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the first quarter of 2017."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a hospital with serious injuries, but his mother was unable to give him a name."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, and we have to be careful about what we say to our opponents,\" he said."
"\"I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the ruling and would appeal the decision to the Supreme Court."
"The government's official statistics show that the number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I've been in a lot of different situations, I've been in a lot of different situations, and I've never had a problem,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to give up on the game plan, we are going to win it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com Inc. fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how to describe it, but I think it's a really good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"It's a big game, but we've got to be ready to go,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to be in the middle of a fight, but I'm not going to give up."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 60, while shares of Apple Inc rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 72."
"The company has said it will invest $ 1 billion in the UK over the next five years, and will also invest $ 1. 5 billion in the US over the next five years."
"\"I think we need to be very careful about what we say and do in the press,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the government has a responsibility to ensure that we are doing what we can to support the people who are affected,\" she said."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to take into account the fact that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the conflict began."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 percent to $ 1. 60 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter earnings report in October."
"The man was arrested and charged with possession of a weapon and was released on bail, police said."
"The United States and Russia have been working to build a ceasefire in Syria since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011."
"The new rules, which were announced on Monday, are aimed at helping the industry to make more money, and will be rolled out across the industry."
"The government's plan to cut the number of doctors in England by half from its current level of 1, 000 is a major blow to the NHS."
"The new rules, which were announced last week, will be introduced in the coming weeks, and will be the first time that the government has introduced such a measure in the country."
"The government has also said it is working with local authorities to ensure that the new rules are implemented."
"The report says that the number of people who have been killed by police in England and Wales is expected to rise by 1, 000."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone without a licence, and that it will not allow anyone to sell it to anyone without a licence."
"The company has said it will not be able to offer a full range of products in the UK until it has a full review of its UK operations."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've always had a passion for the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The first lady has been a strong advocate for the rights of the disabled, and has made clear that she will stand up for them."
"The group has been accused of using a \"lack of understanding \"about the risks of the drug, which is used to treat cancer."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue charges against the two men, who are accused of using a private email account to conduct business."
"I think it's a good thing for the game to be played in the right way, and I think it's a good thing for the game to be played in a way that is safe."
"The new rules will apply to all UK citizens, regardless of where they live, whether they are British citizens or not."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try to make sure I'm ready for the next game,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer the service in the UK for a limited time, but would not be able to offer it in the US."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being held in custody."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced on a case- by- case basis, and will be implemented in the autumn."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get a response from the government,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were announced on Thursday, will apply to all public sector employees, including those who work in the private sector."
"The government has also said it wants to make it easier for people to get a mortgage, which would be a big boost for the economy."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to do it,\" he said."
"The researchers said that the findings could help researchers to better understand the causes of the disease and help to identify treatments for it."
"I've been working on this for a long time, so I'm not surprised that it's been a success."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose any new rules on the industry, but that it will continue to monitor the situation."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would review the case and would not comment further until it was complete."
"The UK's top court has ruled that the EU cannot force Britain to pay for the costs of leaving the bloc."
"The government has also said it will not be able to take action against the company for its actions in the past."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who is not a parent,\" she said."
"The latest figures show the number of people aged over 65 with a disability has increased by more than 50 per cent over the last five years."
"\"We have to be careful with the numbers because we are not going to be able to keep up with the demand,\" he said."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in revenue in the three months to the end of March, compared with $ 1. 5 billion a year earlier."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The problem with this is that it's not really a question of whether you're going to be able to do it or not."
"The U. S. State Department said it was aware of the incident and would investigate it."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they are not alone,\" he said."
"The problem is that the only way we can get to the bottom of this is through the courts, and that's what we're doing."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that in a year's time,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we're going to have to be very careful about what we say,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the impact of this is, but I'm not sure if it's going to affect the way I play."
"\"I think we're going to be able to get the same kind of results as we did last year,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in charge of the economy, the people who are going to be in charge of the economy, the people who are going to be in charge of the economy are"
"\"I'm not sure what the outcome of the election will be, but I think it's going to be very interesting,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the election of Donald Trump as the Republican presidential candidate."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to a party like that,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent on Monday, the biggest gain in a year, after the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent."
"I think it's a really good thing for the players, and hopefully the fans, to know that they are going to be able to see the game."
"The government has said it will not be able to offer the option of a free trial to those who have not paid for the service."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its customers were protected."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 1. 9 percent, to $ 1. 18 in afternoon trading."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has done anything to help the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The study, which was funded by the National Institute of Economic and Social Research, was published in the Journal of Economic Education."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the project a reality, but it was not yet ready to announce the date."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I'm not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in March, will apply to all EU migrants, regardless of whether they have been in the country for at least six months."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention as we should be,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure how you can be so confident in your own ability to do something,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"committed to providing the highest quality products and services to our customers \"and that it had no plans to cut costs."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who have been affected by this have been people who have been affected by this,\" she said."
"I don't know what the hell he was thinking at the time, but he was a good guy."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm going to do this,\" \"she said."
"\"I've never seen anything like it,\" said the man, who asked not to be named because he was not allowed to speak to the media."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent on Thursday, and are down more than 10 per cent in the past week."
"The fact that the two sides are still fighting for a ceasefire in Syria has made it harder for the Syrian government to claim victory."
"The group's annual report on Thursday showed that the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease had fallen by more than half since the start of 2014."
"The company's shares rose 0. 9 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, their biggest gain in a year."
"\"I'm not going to say anything negative about the state of the country,\" he said, adding that he would not be voting for Trump."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the new planes, which will be delivered in the first half of 2017."
"The report said the government had not taken action to address the problem, but the government had taken steps to address the issue."
"\"I don't know how to explain it, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on a contract for a new factory in the country for the next five years."
"The number of people who have died from heart failure in the past year has risen by more than a third, according to the latest figures."
"I'm not going to lie, I was really disappointed when I got my first call from the club and I'm not going to lie to anyone."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, but it would not comment further."
"The study found that the average age of women who have been diagnosed with breast cancer increased by about 20 percent."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new equipment, which will cost up to $ 1 billion."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but it will be up to the Government to decide what they will be."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and had agreed to pay $ 1. 5 billion to settle the case."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice to seek permission to build a new headquarters in the city."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to get the new software to work on the iPhone 7, but it would be \"very important \"to the company's bottom line."
"\"We have to make sure that we are going to be able to provide the best service for our customers,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue criminal charges against the Russian hackers, but it has not ruled out the possibility of charges against the U. S. government."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate to its highest since March."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 50 per cent since the 1980s."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Friday, their biggest gain since the company's shares closed down 1. 5 percent at $ 27. 50."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index rose 0. 8 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"\"I think it's a shame that he's been able to do that,\" he said of the club's former manager."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife and daughter, who were in the ambulance."
"\"I don't know if he's a good guy or not, but I know he's a good guy,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the rights of its workers."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 in England and Wales has fallen by more than half since the financial crisis."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict, the UN said on Thursday."
"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody, but I'm going to tell the truth."
"The president's speech was a reminder of the importance of the United States'commitment to the world and its security."
"\"I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but I think it's important to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do it all by ourselves."
"The report said the number of people who had been affected by the virus in the past year was \"very small \"and that the virus had not spread to other parts of the world."
"The company said it had already raised $ 2. 5 billion in funding from investors including private equity firms and private equity firms."
"I'm not sure what the impact of the referendum on the future of Scotland's economy is going to be, but I'm very happy with the result."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to win it but I'm going to win it and I'm going to win it because I'm going to win it because I'm going to win it."
"The first thing I did was to get the ball out of my hands and I was able to get it back."
"The company's shares fell 1. 9 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, their biggest day since the company's shares were trading at $ 1. 27 a share."
"I don't want to be in the position where I have to go through the whole process and I don't want to be in the position where I have to go through the whole process and I don't want to be in the position where"
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 11 in morning trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 99 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 28 in the same period last year."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has done anything to stop the flow of refugees and migrants,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began."
"The researchers said that while the researchers didn't know for sure, they did not expect that the data would be used to predict the health of the population."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to be a doctor, but I do know that I'm not the only one who's been affected by it."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm a bad person, but I'm not going to say that I'm a bad person,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but the talks have been delayed by a dispute over the company's future."
"\"I think it's a shame that the government has not done anything to help the people who are going through this,\" he said."
"I think it's important for us to be able to talk about the issues that we care about and the issues that we care about."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and would continue to work with the government on the issue."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the new tax, which will be introduced on 1 January."
"The United States has been accused of using torture against suspected terrorists in the past, but the case has been dropped."
"The team's new manager, Mike Jones, has been appointed to replace him, and the club is also looking to add a new manager."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company is already working to improve its customer experience and is working to improve its customer service."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will be delivered in the next few years."
"The new rules are being introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks in November which claimed 130 lives."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen a better time to be a manager,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for a long time now, and I've seen the benefits of the technology and the way it's used."
"\"It's a good thing that the guys who are here are here, because they are going to be here for a long time,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 17. 28 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, but I think it's a good thing."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company's shares fell by more than 20 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company's shares fell by more than 20"
"The man was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he is being treated for his injuries."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the media,\" he said."
"The first thing we have to do is to get the right people in place to be able to make sure we're not just playing in the middle of the night."
"The US has been bombing the rebels in Aleppo since March, but has not yet launched a ground operation to take back the city."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has fallen by more than half since the early 1980s."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other agencies to ensure that the information was properly reported."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"\"I think it's important to remember that this is a very small minority of the population,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1% on Friday, but fell less than 1% in after- hours trading."
"The group said it had been in contact with the woman's family, who have been told she is safe and well."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it would not comment on the case until the full investigation is completed."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the game to be able to go out there and play and be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is to keep the players in the game and keep them in the game,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that in the future, because I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 2. 17 in afternoon trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down 2. 6 per cent in after- hours trading."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 15. 18 in afternoon trading on Wednesday."
"\"I think the only way to do that is to make sure that the people who are actually in the room are not just the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28 in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" Trump said during the debate."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"more open \"approach to the issue."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to change it,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was taken to a hospital with serious injuries and is now in a stable condition."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The couple were both in a car with their two children when they were attacked, and the man was taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"The study also found that people who were not in the group group were more likely to be diagnosed with depression, anxiety and social anxiety."
"The man was taken to a nearby hospital where he is being treated for a head injury, police said."
"The two- year- old was found dead in a field near the village on Saturday, the police said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he is doing, I just know he's got a problem,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful with the numbers because it's a very small number,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a custody cell."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace in nearly a decade."
"The government has said it is committed to the deal and is working with the European Union on a process that will be completed by the end of the year."
"The team's first game of the season was against a team that was in a playoff spot and had lost two games in a row."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to play in the league and to be able to play in the Champions League and to be able to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we have a good squad and we have a good manager and we have a good team and we have a good manager."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I am sorry for what happened and I will do everything I can to make sure that this doesn't happen again."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 10 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares closed at $ 1. 28 a share in late September."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently in custody, but police have not yet released the name of the accused."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The first thing I did was to go to the store and buy a bottle of wine and I was like, \"I don't know what's going on."
"The new rules will be introduced on Wednesday, and will be made permanent at the end of the year."
"The government has said it will not raise the issue again until after the referendum, which is expected to be held on 23 June."
"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm sure it's going to be a lot easier than I thought."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few days,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to get a good balance between the two,\" he said, adding that he was \"very happy \"with the result."
"I think it's a shame that the game is so much more than that, because it's a game that's so much more important to me."
"The government has not yet announced a plan to introduce a new tax, but it is expected to be introduced in 2017."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of the morning and taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"The problem is that the government has not done anything to address the problem, and it has not done anything to address the fact that the people who are affected are not the people who are affected by the abuse."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to maintain the current levels of sales in the UK, which it said was the \"only market \"where the company could compete effectively."
"The most important thing is to get a good result and that's what we're doing."
"The government has said it will not be making any changes to the law, which is already in place."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've seen the impact it has had on the business,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The new law, which is expected to be introduced in the autumn, will be the first of its kind in Europe."
"The president- elect's transition team has not yet released the full text of his tax returns, which are due to be released in the next few days."
"The U. S. has been trying to get its arms around the issue for years, but the U. S. is still not able to agree on how to use the technology."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been very lucky to have been able to get a job,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling on the defensive side,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are being held in a police station in the city."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to try to convince people that it is the only way to solve the problem."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm very happy with the way we've played and I'm looking forward to the next game."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 46, or 1. 4 percent, to $ 46. 25 in afternoon trading."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we are a country that is not just a country, but a country that is also a country,\" he said."
"The problem is that we're not really sure what the best way to do it is."
"The company has been in talks with the US Federal Trade Commission over the issue, but has yet to sign a contract."
"The study found that people who were more likely to be in the workforce were also more likely to be in debt."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we're going to have to make decisions about what we're going to do,\" he said."
"I've been working on this for a long time, and I'm really happy with how it turned out."
"The first lady, who is also the first lady of the United States, has been a vocal supporter of Trump, saying she would not vote for him."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we're not going to be in the business of selling the product,\" he said."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and was looking to raise $ 4. 5 billion in the next two years."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good relationship with them,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are not in the workforce and they are not going to be able to do the jobs that they need to do,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a picture of my husband and his wife and I thought, \"I'm going to go see them,\" \"she said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a bad person, but I'm going to be a good person,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the president is going to be able to talk to the president of the United States,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were announced in a joint statement by the two governments, will be implemented in the next few weeks."
"I don't know if it's a bad thing or not, but it's a good thing."
"The first thing I did was to get a hold of the book and read it and I was like, \"I can't believe this is happening."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a little bit of a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The government has said the new rules will be rolled out over the next two years, but the government has not yet said when it will make the changes."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 3, or 2. 4 per cent, to $ 18. 99 on Thursday."
"The government has said it will take action to address the issue, but it has not yet announced a plan to do so."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but I'm not going to sit here and say it's a bad thing."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good team, and I think that's what we're going to have to do,\" he said."
"The most recent data show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has fallen by more than a third since the age of 15."
"I've been in the game a lot and I've been in the game a lot more and I think it's going to be a good one."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been killed in the past year has risen by more than a third."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a debate with someone who is not a Republican."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to a nearby hospital for treatment."
"\"We have a very strong team here, and we have a very good squad, and we are very happy to have him,\" said the club's president."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has promised to the European Union for the next five years."
"I was in a position where I was not able to do anything, so I just went to work."
"\"It's not a good feeling to be in the middle of a game and not get a chance to win,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months, but we are going to be able to,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Turkey on the issue, but has not yet agreed to a cease- fire, the U. N. said."
"The company's shares rose $ 2. 72, or 1. 8 percent, to $ 3. 27 in afternoon trading."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 3. 5 percent, to $ 21. 60 on Thursday."
"\"We're going to make sure that we have the resources to do that,\" he said, adding that the government would also be looking at the possibility of a referendum."
"I was a bit disappointed that I didn't get the chance to play in the first half and I'm really looking forward to it."
"The researchers said they were surprised to find that the number of people who were not using the drug was significantly lower than the number who were."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and would continue to work with the government to improve the process."
"\"We're going to be able to do it in a way that's not just for the next few years,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017 and will be introduced in the autumn of 2018."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, and the number of people who have died has increased."
"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a big fan of the idea of a Trump presidency, but I think he's going to be a good president."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always had a passion for it,\" he said."
"The man was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for minor injuries and later released."
"The company said it had a \"significant \"number of employees and that it had a \"strong \"market for its products."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"The government has said it will not allow the government to use the money to pay for a new border fence."
"The man's body was found on the side of the road, and police are appealing for anyone with information to contact them."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year and $ 1. 5 billion in the first half of this year."
"The new rules will apply to all employees who work for more than one company, regardless of whether they are part- time or full- time."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict, according to UN figures."
"\"I think the first thing that comes to mind is, I don't know what the hell is going on,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell is going on here,\" he said, adding that he had not seen the video."
"The latest figures show that the number of people living in poverty in England and Wales rose by 1. 6 million in 2015 / 16."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not sure what the point is of having a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some MPs saying it was too late to tackle the issue."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to go out and do everything I can to make sure I'm not going to be a victim,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the point is, but I'm going to try to make it work,\" he said."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of a fight,\" he said, adding that he had not been to the gym since."
"\"I think it's a shame that the game is so much more important than the players,\" he said."
"The company said in a statement that it had been \"fully engaged \"in the investigation and would be \"fully engaged \"in the investigation into the incident."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a debate about it, but I'm not going to sit here and say that."
"The government is also working with the European Commission to ensure that it is not only a European country but also a European country."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 per cent at $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the worst day for shares since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce."
"\"I think it's a good thing to be able to talk to the players and see what they're thinking,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody."
"The group's chief executive, David Smith, said: \"We have been working with the government for a long time to ensure that our customers have the best possible service."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was found dead in a field near the village, the police said in a statement."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"\"It's a very good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are going to be in charge of the country,\" he said."
"\"I think the best way to look at it is that the people who are going to be in charge of it are the people who are going to be in charge of the economy,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but the industry is already facing a huge amount of pressure."
"The study also found that people with the highest levels of stress in their lives are more likely to be diagnosed with depression."
"The government has said it is committed to the deal and has promised to take action if necessary."
"\"I don't know what the point is of having a policy like that, but I do know that I have to be careful,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the game plan, I'm going to go out there and play my game plan,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 17. 60 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first time I went to work, I was told I could not work for free, so I went to work for \u00a3 10 an hour."
"The government is also seeking to make it easier for companies to access the information they need to make decisions about the future of their business."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent on Monday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are very concerned about the impact of the Brexit vote,\" he said."
"I was in the middle of the night and I was in the middle of the night, and I was just in shock, and I couldn't believe it."
"\"I think it's important for the people of the United States to know that we are not going to let anybody else take our country,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, so I've been able to get a lot of people to come and see me,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The government is also planning to increase the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 by 2020, but this will be in the wake of the Brexit vote."
"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation because we're going to be in a position to win games."
"\"It's a very difficult situation, but we have to do everything we can to try and help the team win,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told I had a heart attack and I had to go to the hospital."
"The first thing I want to do is to show people that I'm not just a politician, I'm a human being."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Hillary Clinton in the general election."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"by the news and would continue to monitor the situation."
"The company's shares rose 0. 4 per cent to $ 15. 28 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think the best thing for us is to get the ball back in the right place and get the ball back in the right place and then we can play,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"The first thing you need to do is to get out of the way and make sure you're not getting caught up in the moment."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was taken to a local hospital where she was treated for minor injuries."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 20 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a conversation with a friend or a family member, but I think it's a good idea."
"The company's shares rose 0. 9 per cent to $ 14. 46 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 2 per cent at $ 14. 28 in mid- August."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 5. 15, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 17. 28 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come in and see what I had done."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be a part of this."
"\"We have a lot of good players and a lot of good players in the team and I think we can be a good team,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 2. 6 per cent at $ 1. 25 on Thursday, the biggest drop since the company's shares were down 2. 5 per cent at $ 1. 28 on Wednesday."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the problem, with some saying it is too big and too complex."
"\"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm sure we'll see,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I am sorry for what happened, but I am not going to sit here and say I am sorry for what happened."
"The next day, he was arrested and charged with a number of other offences, including possession of a weapon, possession of a knife and possession of a knife with intent to use it in a crime."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a great season, but I think we're going to be better than we've been in the last couple of years,\" he said."
"The first time I went to the hospital, I was in shock and I was thinking I was going to die."
"The fact that I'm not in the running for the nomination is a big thing for me, but I'm not going to take anything for granted."
"The only thing that's going to change is the way I play, because I'm going to be playing for a long time."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Monday, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 6 percent."
"The government is also planning to introduce a new law to protect the rights of women, who are the most vulnerable group in the country."
"The government's response to the report has been to say that it is committed to ensuring that all refugees are treated fairly."
"The man was taken to a nearby hospital where he was treated for a minor head injury, the police said."
"\"We're not going to be able to afford to buy a house in the next five years,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 17. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The study found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with cancer increased by about 10 per cent between 2000 and 2014."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell its shares but it has not yet agreed a price."
"The government has said it is committed to the deal and has said it will not compromise on the terms of the deal."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for me, but I'm going to do everything I can to make sure I'm in the best shape possible,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 28. 75 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in mid- December."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is believed to have been in the car at the time of the incident."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 28, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 35. 57 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company reported its fourth- quarter results."
"I don't think it's going to be a problem for the next few years, but it's going to be a problem for the next few years."
"I'm not sure what the impact of the vote is, but I think it's a very good thing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 3. 46, the highest since the company's last earnings report in August."
"The company's shares rose more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 2. 6 percent in mid- December."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're going to do this, we're going to do that."
"I'm not sure if it's the same as the other two, but I think it's a good thing."
"The first time I saw him was when he was in the middle of his first game of the season, and he was a really good player."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've always been a very good customer,\" he said."
"The study also found that the number of people who reported they had been sexually abused by a partner increased from 1. 2 per cent to 3. 9 per cent."
"\"I've been to a lot of places, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice, the U. S. State Department and other agencies to determine how to respond to the allegations."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a million since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"\"We're going to be working with the government to get the best deal for the people of Scotland,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be a very good team, we're going to be a good team, we're going to be a good team,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, because I'm not going to be able to do it in the next four or five years,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014, and has conducted air strikes against the group in Syria and Iraq since 2014."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not a great coach, but I'm not going to say that I'm not a great coach,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products for the market, including a range of phones and computers."
"The first time I was in the room, I was like, \"I don't know what's going on."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to try to do it,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference that makes, but it's a good thing."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are in charge of the economy are not the people who are going to make the decisions,\" he said."
"I think it's important to understand that the government is not the only one that has to deal with this."
"The company has been in talks with the government on the possibility of building a new headquarters in the city, but has yet to receive a response."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next two years, and that it would be better to wait for the next election."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the extra staff and that it will not be able to pay for the additional costs of the new schools."
"The first lady, who is also a former secretary of state and senator, said she was \"very disappointed \"by the decision."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group since March 2014, when the group was able to launch a major offensive against the city."
"The man was arrested and charged with a range of offences including theft, possession of a weapon and possession of cannabis."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be a Republican for president."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"We've got to get the right balance of the game, and I think we've got to be a little bit more aggressive,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent since the outbreak began in October."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, which has been a key issue in the referendum campaign."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 14. 17 on Tuesday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in mid- December."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it had been investigating the allegations and had not yet made a decision."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 24, while shares of the UK's largest bank rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 24."
"\"It's a big game, and I'm not going to be able to do it all over again,\" he said."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House for eight years, has been a vocal opponent of Mr. Trump."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, but they rose again on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 1. 15 in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the government did not take action."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it,\" he said."
"The new system, which will be rolled out in the coming months, will be rolled out in the UK, and will be rolled out across the country."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that, and we're not going to be able to do that in the next few years,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of confidence in yourself, because you don't know what you're going to get,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was not sure how long the deal would last."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said, \"but I'm going to be the president of the United States for the next four years."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last three years, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the next two years."
"The government's plan to cut the number of migrants arriving in Greece from around 500, 000 to around 200, 000 has been met with opposition from rights groups."
"I'm not going to be a part of it, but I'm going to be a part of it, and I'm going to do everything I can to help this team win."
"\"I've got to be honest, I don't know if I'm going to be able to play in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The team is still working out what the best way to handle this is, and I think it's going to be a very difficult decision."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision, which was made in a letter to shareholders on Wednesday."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks unless the UK is given a clear plan to deal with the issue."
"\"I don't want to get into the details of what happened, but I'm going to tell you what happened,\" he said."
"\"We have a very good squad and we are going to be able to compete for the title,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to allow the sale of the property, which was sold in June, and said it was \"very excited \"about the prospect of a second home."
"The new rules, which were announced last week, will be implemented in the next few weeks and will be applied across the country."
"The problem is that the only way to get a good deal is to have a good deal, and that's not going to happen."
"The number of people who are not able to access online banking has dropped to a record low of 1. 1 million in the first quarter of 2016, the Bank of England said."
"The first lady's husband, former President Bill Clinton, was also a member of the board of directors of the foundation."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the project, which is estimated to cost between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 1. 4 percent, to $ 53. 45 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 28 a share in the same period last year."
"The first thing we do is to make sure that we are not going to be in the position where we are not going to be able to do the job that we need to do."
"The first thing I did was I went to a friend's house and I said,' I don't want to go to the police."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be rolled out in the autumn of 2017, the company said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in custody until further evidence is brought to light."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to take it,\" he said."
"The most important thing is that we don't have to be afraid of what we're doing, we can just do it."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed in the conflict has risen from 1. 2 million to 2. 9 million."
"The report said the number of people who were killed in the attacks was likely to rise, with the number of people killed in the attacks increasing by 1. 5 per cent."
"I think it's important that we get a good understanding of what is going on and what is happening in the world."
"The new rules will be announced on Monday, and the company said it would be launching the new service in the second half of 2017."
"\"I've got a lot of people who are going to be in the room tonight who are going to be very upset,\" he said."
"The most important thing is that we have a clear plan to deal with the situation and we have to do it in a way that is consistent with the law."
"The only way to do that is to have a very strong team and a strong manager and I think that's what we're doing."
"The first thing I would do is to get a good look at the game and see if I can get a good look at the game."
"The former governor of New Hampshire, John Kasich, said in a statement that he was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition has dropped by more than half since the introduction of the drug."
"The report said the government's \"very poor \"record on human rights was partly to blame for the rise in hate crime."
"The first thing we need to do is get the right people in place to make sure that we get the right people in place to make sure that we get the right people in place to get the right people."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell the world that I'm not going to be doing this."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to be able to do it in the first place, but I don't think it's a bad thing to do it in the second."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 29, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 13. 99 on Wednesday."
"\"We're going to be working very hard to get the best deal for the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 in England and Wales is up by 1, 000 since the start of the year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to close at $ 1. 18."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents if I could come to the house and see them."
"The man, who has not been named, said he was in a car with his wife and two children when the shooting happened."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was working with the Russian government to determine the cause of the accident."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm a racist, but I'm not going to say that I'm a racist,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to see the game from a different perspective."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial move to allow its employees to work in the United States."
"\"It's a very, very tough time in the world of football and I'm very proud of the players,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the government has a responsibility to ensure that people are protected,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be in a position to make a decision on the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of changes in the next couple of years,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play for a while, so I'm going to have to go back to my old club,\" he said."
"The study also found that the number of people who reported having a mental health problem increased from 1. 1 million in 1999 to 1. 9 million in 2014."
"The first thing I did was to ask the police officer who was in the car to come and see me."
"The government has been criticised for not providing enough support for the families of those killed in the attack, which has been blamed on a \"terrorist \"network."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not a fan of the idea of a Trump presidency,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than half since the 1990s."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent on Friday, while its shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 17."
"The study found that the number of people who had a heart attack or stroke increased from the previous year to the year after the study."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in its core business, which includes its mobile and video services."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not a fan of the idea that you can't have a child."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a policy that's going to help people who are in a crisis,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"\"It's a very different game, and I think it's a very different game to what we're used to,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that because we have to do it in a very different way,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"she said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that without the support of the community,\" she said."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book and make sure you have it in the right place."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has risen to more than 100, 000, according to the UN."
"I don't know how many times I've been in a car accident and I've never been in a car crash."
"I'm not sure how to put it, but I think he's going to be a very good player."
"The first thing you do when you're in a relationship is to try to get the best out of it."
"The company said it was not aware of any other cases of people being taken off the register and that it would be working with the police."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the ruling and that it would appeal the decision."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has been completely honest,\" he said."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see how we can work together."
"The new rules will be implemented in the coming weeks, and will be implemented in a number of other areas, including the NHS."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it would continue to monitor the market."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I have no intention of leaving the EU."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The first time I went to the doctor I was in the hospital for a week, and I was told I was going to be fine."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've always been a big fan of the company."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but it has been criticised for not doing so."
"I'm not sure what the outcome will be, but I'm sure we'll be able to win the game."
"\"It's a very good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much I'd be willing to spend on a house that would be worth the money."
"\"I'm a big fan of the idea of a single- family home, but I'm not sure I would want to live in a house with a dog,\" she said."
"The government has not yet made a decision on whether to extend the deadline, but it is expected to do so in due course."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a good relationship with someone,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not cut the number of migrants arriving in Greece from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million, but the number of people crossing the border is still too high."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but that it was not ready to comment."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to be in the hospital for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a female president,\" she said, adding that she would like to see a female president."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of people who have been killed in the conflict."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we have a lot of bad players,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, but fell as much as 2. 5 percent in after- hours trading."
"The government has not yet announced a new contract for the project, but it is expected to be completed by the end of 2017."
"I think it's important that we get a good understanding of what is happening and what we can do to help them."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been arrested for drug offences fell from a peak of about 10, 000 in 2011 to less than 1, 500 in 2015."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to have a big debate,\" he said."
"\"We are going to have to do everything we can to make sure that we get the best possible deal for the American people,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 percent to $ 14. 36 on Monday, the biggest gain since the company's stock closed at $ 14. 36 in mid- August."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it would continue to work with the police on the investigation."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, and I'm going to be able to do my job,\" he said."
"\"It's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention from the media,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much longer he'll be able to play, but I think he's a very good player."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter, the fastest pace in nearly a decade."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the ruling and that it would appeal the decision."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is currently being held in a police station."
"The government has said it will not be able to take action until the government has been given the chance to respond."
"\"I don't know what the hell is going on, but I'm going to be there,\" he said."
"I think it's important to get the right balance between the two, and I think that's what we've done in the last few weeks."
"The UK's top court has ruled that the EU is not responsible for the UK's decision to leave the bloc."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision, and that it would appeal."
"I think it's a good thing for us to have a team that's ready to play and ready to play well."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban since the group's collapse in the summer of 2014."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to go out and do it all again,\" he said."
"The UK's largest bank, the Reserve Bank of Australia, said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Wednesday, but fell less than 1 percent in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not going to be a leader, I'm not going to be a leader, I'm not going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to look at the video and see if there was any way I could help."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the demand, which is expected to reach \u00a3 10 billion by 2020."
"I've got to be careful about what I say, but I don't want to be a victim of that."
"\"I'm not going to give up on this, I'm not going to give up on this,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we make sure that we are doing everything we can to help the people affected,\" he said."
"I don't know if I can do it, but I'm not going to give up on the game."
"The fact that we are not in the top four in the world, and we are not in the top five, is a sign that we are not going to be able to compete in the next few years."
"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in the room are not the people who are going to be in the room."
"The government's plan to cut the deficit by a third this year is a welcome boost to the economy, but it will be short- lived."
"The government has also said it is working with the European Commission to ensure that the rules are followed."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 9 per share, or 3. 5 percent, to $ 1. 35 a share on Friday."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" Trump said."
"The two men were arrested at the scene and taken to a nearby hospital for treatment for injuries sustained in the incident."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the reason is, but I'm going to go out there and play my best football."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard border \"on the EU, but that it will not be able to do so without the approval of the British parliament."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, and I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"\"We've got to make sure we're not going to be in the position where we're not going to be able to compete in the next two or three years,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"more open \"Brexit."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 3 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent on Wednesday, while shares of the world's biggest car maker rose more than 1 percent."
"The first thing I did was to look at the video and see if I could tell if it was real or not."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital for treatment."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 3. 12, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 3. 17."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and is now in custody in a custody cell at a police station."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people that are in the room are not in the room,\" he said."
"The new rules are being introduced in the wake of a series of high- profile attacks in France, Germany and Belgium."
"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I think it's important to understand that the people who are in charge of the club are the ones who are responsible for the club."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 11. 18 in after- hours trading on Monday."
"The new rules are expected to be introduced in the autumn, but the government has yet to announce a date for when it will introduce them."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 57, or 3. 5 percent, to $ 45. 28 on Thursday."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do that in the future."
"The government has been unable to agree a deal on how to pay for the extra staff, which could be used to help with the cost of the new schools."
"The report says that the number of people who have been infected with the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in late 2014."
"The government is also expected to announce a new policy to allow women to serve in the armed forces, which will be announced in the autumn."
"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to be a part of it, but I'm going to try to help the team win."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the game and I think it's a good thing for the players,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, and I'm not going to be able to play in the playoffs,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. government since last year, and that it was in talks with the U. S. government about a possible sale of the aircraft."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do, but I'm confident I can do it,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were taken to a nearby hospital, where they were treated for minor injuries."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the results of the survey, which showed that the number of people using the service increased by 1. 6 million in the first quarter of 2016."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been accused of using chemical weapons against Syrian government forces, but has not yet formally accused Russia of using them."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the operation, which will cost about $ 1 billion."
"The government has said it will not be able to offer the same level of support to those who are not refugees."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a custody cell."
"The company has been under pressure from investors and regulators over its handling of the issue, which has been widely condemned by the U. S. Federal Reserve."
"I've got a lot of friends who are in the same boat and I'm just trying to get them to do the same."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come in and see me, but she was too busy to come in."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing to be a woman in the military."
"The company said it had a \"significant \"number of employees, but it was not clear how many were working in the manufacturing sector."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in charge of this are going to be the people who are going to be able to make decisions,\" she said."
"The U. S. State Department said on Wednesday that it would review the case and would not comment further until the investigation is completed."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the gym and I was doing a lot of work and I was doing a lot of work and I was going to the gym and I was going to do a lot of work."
"The U. S. has been the main ally in the fight against ISIS, but the U. S. has also been the main enemy of the Syrian government."
"The number of people who have died from the virus has risen to more than a million, a government official said on Wednesday."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 has fallen by more than 20 per cent since the financial crisis."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 4 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the recession began in 2009."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with a mental illness has increased by more than 10 per cent since 2010, according to the report."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of the year, a decline of 25 percent from the same period last year."
"The company said it would be able to provide the service in the future, but it is not yet clear how it would be able to do so."
"\"We have to make sure that we have the best possible team for the future, and I think we have to be very careful about what we say,\" he said."
"The UK's largest bank is set to announce that it will be raising its benchmark interest rate from 0. 25 per cent to 0. 50 per cent in 2017."
"The group's annual report on Monday said it had raised $ 1. 5 million in funding from investors and investors \"investors."
"The report also found that the number of women in the workforce was down from a peak of more than 100, 000 in 2007, when the number of women in the workforce was about 1. 5 per cent of the workforce."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to have a conversation about this,\" he said."
"The government's budget is set to be announced on Tuesday and the government's official website will be open for public comment."
"The new rules, which were announced in a letter to the government on Wednesday, will apply to all new members of the club."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about the issues that we face and the opportunities that we have,\" he said."
"The government has said it wants to build a new airport in the city, but has not yet decided whether it will be built in the next five years."
"\"I'm not going to lie- I'm not going to lie- I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The report said that the UK's economy grew by 0. 6 per cent in the quarter to the end of March, compared with 0. 4 per cent in the previous quarter."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. has been working with Saudi Arabia to resolve the issue."
"The U. S. State Department said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the situation in Aleppo and urged the government to release the injured."
"\"I think it's a great thing to do, but I don't think it's a good thing to do,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The researchers also found that women who had been exposed to high levels of lead in their blood were more likely to develop dementia."
"The UK's biggest bank, the Bank of England, said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision to cut rates."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in public,\" he said."
"The study also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer increased by more than 50% between 2000 and 2015."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've seen the impact of the market and the growth of the business."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 11. 21 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce."
"The researchers said that the findings are consistent with previous research that has shown that people who are more likely to be diagnosed with depression are more likely to be diagnosed with anxiety."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to foreign investors, but the company has said it will not be selling the property to anyone else."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to get back to where he was,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but I'm going to say it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital where he is being treated for minor injuries."
"The government has been trying to convince the public that it is not in favour of the EU, but the public is not convinced."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 percent."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, while the S & P 500 index gained 2. 6 per cent."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 27 on Tuesday, its biggest gain in a year."
"The group said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal the decision."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do, and I'm not going to be able to do it all,\" he said."
"The first lady has said she would like to see the UK remain in the single market, but that would require a vote in the Commons."
"\"I think it's a shame that we didn't have a chance to do that,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been treated for mental health issues in the past year was down from the previous year."
"The company said it was working with the FBI to determine what happened and was working with the U. S. Attorney's Office to determine the appropriate action."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in a group of people who are all going to be in a group."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The UK's biggest banks are to hold a meeting in London on Thursday to discuss the impact of Brexit on the banking sector."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other agencies to investigate the incident."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people with mental health problems by half is being opposed by the majority of people with mental health problems."
"The company said it had not received any reports of any injuries or deaths from the incident, but said it was investigating the incident."
"\"We're going to have a very, very tough election,\" he said, adding that he would not be supporting Trump."
"The report said the number of people who had been arrested in the past year had increased by more than 60 per cent."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 29."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent since the start of the year, and its shares are down more than 20 percent since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard border \"on the EU, but the issue has been raised by some in the public sector."
"\"I've been in a lot of different situations and I've been in a lot of different situations where I've been in a lot of different situations,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Federal Trade Commission about a potential settlement, but did not have a firm date."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for us, but we're going to be a good team,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I would have done it if I didn't have the opportunity to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play, but he's got to be ready to play,\" he said."
"The man was taken to a nearby hospital where he was treated for minor injuries and released."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a local hospital with serious injuries and is in a stable condition."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good team and a good manager, because you have to be able to play well,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go and see my parents and see what was going on."
"\"I'm not going to be the guy that's going to be able to get the ball back,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to be aware of what you're doing, and what you're doing for the rest of your life."
"\"I've been working on it for a while, and I've got a lot of ideas,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a \"very positive response \"from customers and that it was working to resolve the issue."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action on the issue."
"\"We have a lot of people who are not in the business of doing that, but they are doing it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the pace of growth in the economy, which is expected to hit a record high in the second half of 2016."
"The move comes after the government announced a plan to cut the number of people who work in the industry by half."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we face,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a local hospital."
"The new rules are designed to ensure that the best teams are able to compete at the highest level in the world."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very happy with the way he's played this year."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone without a licence, and that it will not allow any private hire vehicles to be used."
"\"We've got to make sure we don't get into the middle of the game,\" he said."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been killed in the past year has fallen by more than half since 2010."
"The UK's biggest banks have warned that they are not prepared to accept the new rules, which could affect their ability to raise money."
"The most important thing is to keep your head down and focus on the game, and that's what we've done."
"\"We have a lot of people who are not in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business"
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would close its doors."
"The government's announcement comes after a string of high- profile attacks on journalists and activists in the past year."
"I'm not sure if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to go and do it."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for offences against the law increased by 40 per cent between 2010 and 2015."
"The researchers said the study was the first to show that the use of the drug in the treatment of depression was associated with a reduced risk of death."
"The UK government has said it will continue to support the UK in its efforts to combat climate change, despite the fact that the UK has not yet signed up to the Paris agreement."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that the people who are going to be affected by this are the people who are most affected by it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to extend the contract for another year, but it has not yet been approved."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, are aimed at helping businesses to make more money from their products."
"\"I've been to a lot of places, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The report said the government's plan to cut the number of migrants arriving in Greece from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million would be \"a major blow \"to the economy."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, and that it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"The number of people who are worried about their health is rising, and the number of people who are worried about their finances is falling."
"\"I think the best thing we can do is to make sure that we have a plan in place to make sure that we get the right people,\" he said."
"The UK government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of a new border with the EU, which would be a major blow to the economy."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was \"very grateful \"to the U. S. government for its assistance."
"The government's plan to introduce a new tax on high- income individuals has been criticised by some economists."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 15. 30 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has been accused of trying to \"get rid of \"the party by appealing to the public for support."
"The only thing that could have prevented it was the fact that the man had been in the car for a short time."
"I think it's important that we get the right people in the right places to get the right ideas, and I think that's what we're doing."
"\"We've got a lot of work to do, but we're going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The man was taken to hospital with serious injuries, and is being treated in a stable condition in hospital."
"\"We've got to be very careful about what we say and do in the media, because we don't want to be seen as being negative,\" he said."
"I think we've got to make sure we're not going to be in the position where we're not going to be able to compete."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a policy that's not working, and I think that's what we need to do."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I'm sure he's going to be able to,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the middle of a fight, but I'm not going to take anything for granted."
"I think it's going to be a very difficult game and we're going to have to be very good at it."
"\"We are going to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the press,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Wednesday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent at $ 1. 16 on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not saying that we're going to get a better deal, but we're going to get a better deal,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the business of making money, and we're not going to stop them,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be a little bit different from last year, but we're going to be a little bit different,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the year, according to the UN."
"The most important thing is to keep your eyes open and to be aware of what you're doing."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks unless it is clear that it is not in favour of the deal."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the middle of the night, but I'm not going to be in the middle of the night."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that the people who are in the business of making money are in the business of making money,\" he said."
"The president- elect has been critical of the Obama administration's response to the crisis, and has called for a more aggressive approach to dealing with the Syrian crisis."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has been increasing in the past two years, according to the World Health Organization."
"The group said it had received a number of complaints from people who had been affected by the changes, but had not yet been able to contact the company."
"The report also said the number of people who had been arrested in the past year had increased by more than 50 per cent."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and would continue to monitor the situation."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always been a very positive person, but I've been a very negative person for a long time."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 14 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of a fight,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to give up on the game plan and we are going to make sure that we are prepared for the game plan,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a big deal or not, but I'm going to keep doing it,\" he said."
"I'm sure there are people who have been there for years and years and years who have been there for decades and years who have been there for a long time and they're not happy with the outcome."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure it could continue to provide services to the public."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"I'm not sure what the impact of that will be, but I'm not going to be surprised if we get a good performance."
"I've got a lot of work to do, but I'm confident that I can do it."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife if I could come over and have a look at the pictures."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition has increased by more than 50 per cent in the past five years."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index gained 2. 5 percent."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be sitting here and saying that I'm not going to be voting for Hillary Clinton."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it."
"The US is the only major country that has not been able to take advantage of the fact that the EU has been able to take advantage of the fact that the UK is not a member."
"\"We are not going to be able to do it for a long time,\" he said, adding that the government was working on a plan to do so."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital, and I was told that I was going to die."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 per cent at $ 30. 28 in afternoon trading on Wednesday."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past 12 months."
"I was really excited to get back in the game and I'm really excited to be back in the game and I'm really excited to be playing for the team."
"\"We have a lot of people who are very concerned about the impact of the Brexit vote on their business, their families and their communities,\" he said."
"I'm a big fan of the idea of a family, and I think it's important for me to be able to have a family."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 12. 21 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 9 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"I've got a lot of good players and a lot of good teams, so I'm not worried about that."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a victim of a crime,\" she said."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion from investors, and that it had sold about $ 1 billion of its shares."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to close at $ 9. 53 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they are not alone in their situation,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 30 in after- hours trading."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, will be introduced in the wake of the Brexit vote, which saw the UK vote to leave the European Union."
"The only way to get the best deal is to make sure that you have the right people in place to make sure you get the best deal."
"The government has said it will not take any action until the government has a clear plan to deal with the issue."
"The company's share price rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 20 on Tuesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"We're going to have to do a lot of things to make sure that we get the right people in the right places,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the next two years, will be introduced in England and Wales, where the minimum wage is currently set at \u00a3 7. 20 an hour."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for us to have a debate about it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to know that we are a democracy,\" he said."
"The first thing we do is look at the data and see what we can do to make sure we're doing the right thing."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to try to make it easier for people to get help."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision, which was announced on Wednesday and will be reviewed by the board."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not going to be a great leader,\" he said."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the last year, and it is now down nearly 20 percent in the last three months of 2015."
"The first thing I did after I got the phone call was I went to the doctor and said I'm going to go and see my dad."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the number of people who reported feeling ill was the same as it was in the previous 12 months."
"The government is also looking at ways to improve the safety of its own citizens, including by making it easier for them to register online."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on the news that the company had been fined $ 1. 5 billion for its handling of a doping scandal."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for driving under the influence in England and Wales rose by 1. 5 per cent."
"The UK's first female prime minister has said she will not seek a second term in the leadership contest, which is due to be held on 23 June."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, after the stock closed up 1. 5 percent at $ 1. 44."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie"
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital for treatment."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to a nearby hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to help me get a job and I was so grateful."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a mother, but I do know that I have to be a mother,\" she said."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a specific date for when the new rules will be implemented, but said it would be ready to provide a statement by the end of the week."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are here,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I am very proud of the work that I have done and I am very grateful for the support that I have received from the community."
"The only way to stop this is to make sure that we are not going to be able to do it again."
"The problem is that the government has not done anything to help the people who are being displaced, and that's a problem that we have to deal with."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a ban on the sale of alcohol in the country, but the issue is likely to be discussed at a meeting of the European Parliament's executive committee on Tuesday."
"\"We have to be careful, because we're going to be in a position where we're going to have to take a lot of hits,\" he said."
"The report said there were \"significant \"issues with the way the UK's national health service was run and the NHS was failing to meet its mission."
"The two- year- old boy, who is now in a stable condition, was in a stable condition at the hospital and has been in a stable condition for the past six weeks."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a conversation with the president- elect about what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The study also found that people who were more likely to be in debt were more likely to be in debt at the end of the month."
"\"It's not a good feeling, but I'm not going to let it get to me,\" he said."
"The government is also trying to build a wall along the border with Mexico, which is not a priority for the U. S. government."
"The first thing we have to do is to make sure that we don't let this happen again."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The first lady's speech was a bit of a surprise, but it was a good one and I'm really pleased with it."
"The former England captain said: \"I think it's a shame because I didn't play a lot of football."
"The U. S. and its allies have been accused of using chemical weapons against Syrian government forces in the past, but the U. N. Security Council has yet to vote on the resolution."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always had a great relationship with the people I work with,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is due to be completed in 2017."
"The only thing I can do is to make sure that the people who are going to be affected are the ones who are going to be affected by this."
"The government has also said it will not be taking any action against the company if it is found to have broken the law."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but the industry is already struggling."
"The United States, China and Russia are also in talks to develop a joint military exercise in the South China Sea."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to do it again."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we face,\" he said."
"The first lady, who is also the first woman to be elected to the US Senate, has said she will not be voting for Trump."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact of that is, but I'm not sure what the impact of the fact that the president is going to be here,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to get the ball in the right place and we've done that,\" he said."
"The report says that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The group said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of the children and staff and that the children were safe."
"I think it's important that we have a discussion about what the future of the industry is going to be, and what we're going to do about it."
"\"I'm not going to be the one to say, \"You know what, I'm not going to be the one to say, \"I'm not going to be the one to say, \"I'm not going to be the"
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has launched a civil rights investigation into the shooting of a black man by police officers in Ferguson, Missouri."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to any foreign company unless it is in a \"safe \"way."
"The researchers also found that the more people who had a job, the more likely they were to have a job."
"The first thing I want to say is that it's not a question of whether I'm going to be a good or a bad person."
"The United States has been accused of using torture and other ill- advised tactics against the rebels in the war."
"The UK's largest bank said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the bank's doors."
"The company said it would not be able to provide a specific date for when the new technology would be available, but said it would be ready to go in the next few weeks."
"\"We've got a lot of people who are going to be here for a long time,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 14. 30 on Thursday, the biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of people who are not allowed to vote."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action against the company."
"I don't know how to explain it, but it's not like I'm saying it's going to be easy."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in the business of making money off of this,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to any foreign company, and that it will not be able to take part in the sale."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to help them, because we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said the new technology would be available in the second half of 2016 and would be available to customers in the UK by the end of March."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the government has said it will not be able to implement them until the autumn."
"\"I've been in the business for 30 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 17. 60 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The first thing we do is we take a look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the"
"The couple's three children, aged six, seven and nine, are also in the care of the hospital."
"The new rules, which were introduced last month, will apply to all new members of the club who are not members of the club's board."
"\"It's a very good thing for the team to be able to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them to take me to the police station."
"I think it's important to understand that the more you know about the person you're talking to, the more likely they are to be able to help you."
"The study found that the more people who had a drink or two a week, the more likely they were to have a heart attack."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it had taken steps to address the situation."
"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to be a part of that."
"The government's new rules will be introduced on Monday, and will be implemented in the next few weeks."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a single- year contract for the new school, which will be completed by the end of 2017."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 12 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property but had not yet decided whether to do so."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 60 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Monday."
"\"I don't know if it's a big deal, but I'm not going to be in a position where I'm not going to be able to do my job,\" he said."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do, but I'm not going to let anybody down,\" he said."
"The company has been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice, which is investigating the matter, and is expected to announce a settlement in the matter."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The first thing I did was to go to a friend's house and ask him what he was doing."
"The new rules, which were announced on Wednesday, will apply to all new customers, regardless of their age, gender or race."
"I'm a bit disappointed that I didn't get a chance to play in the final because I thought I could have done better."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing for the team to have a player like that,\" he said."
"I've been here a long time and I've never seen anything like this."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing to be a woman,\" she said."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"trade relationship with the EU, and that it will continue to work with the UK on trade and investment."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent on Tuesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demands of the EU, which is expected to be in a \"very difficult \"time."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 28 in after- hours trading."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do the same in the future."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to talk about it and to talk about it in a way that we can actually be able to talk about it,\" he said."
