"One of the drivers of the car, who is not identified, said he thought he was pulling over because he didn't know where to go."
"He is an international- led player, and a key part of his future is playing in the same way as he does every year."
"The UK is a European Union member- so why not just keep it as a free- trade zone and see where it goes?"
"He has been flying to London from the United States for a number of weeks, and had been at the meeting on Wednesday."
"The film will be a big boost to the life of the band, which has not yet released any music."
"We have the resources and the resources to deal with this and we're going to put them on the spot and get them ready to play."
"They're not going to stay with me or a friend forever, and I don't expect them to."
"The majority of her family now lives in the area, while the other half has moved on to other projects."
"The remaining 67 per cent said they did not have an opinion on the referendum, with another 35 per cent saying they were not sure."
"It's worth noting, however, that the most obvious example of this happening was in the US, where the number of refugees dropped by nearly 30 per cent between 2000 and 2015, and reached nearly 10, 000."
"I don't know if she's going to leave us with nothing but a song, but I do know that she's going to be very pleased."
"A man was arrested on suspicion of murder and a woman was taken to hospital with injuries consistent with a murder offence."
"She is a female who doesn't feel she has to worry about her pregnancy, and she is able to do the things she wants to do."
"So, now it's all going to be over, with the next presidential election, and the next three years will be very important."
"They won the match 2- 1 in their own half, and I was at the other end and they got there."
"There is a new opportunity for UK companies to come to the EU and contribute to Europe, but we need to be open and responsible about our borders."
"'We're going to continue to do what we're doing, and that's get people in,\" she said."
"There was a lot of panic from the people who had been leaving the country and I was told we had to go."
"I was hoping to give him a good deal, but he was just never going to get it."
"But it was her second appearance in the category and, when she met Mr Cameron, she was in the mix to make the trip."
"It has already been widely reported that the crash was caused by a crash in which a 19- year- old man was killed."
"\"There are no plans to do this again after this kind of thing,\" the source said."
"After months of low interest rates and the prospect of a return to the level of the previous quarter, the bank cut its benchmark rate to 0. 25 percent from 0. 25 percent in September."
"I am now on the front lines and the experience and knowledge that I've gained as a pilot has helped me to become more professional and experienced."
"The $ 5. 5 billion plant will begin construction next year, and it will be ready by 2018."
"She said: \"The most important thing is that we all make the best of each other and our families."
"And what I want to do is spend a little bit of time with my parents and just think about how they have changed over the years, just like what we did."
"She said the vast majority of people would not, and that \"it's just not going to happen in a Trump administration."
"She said she thought it would be an honour to be part of the conversation, but that \"not everyone \"was able to enjoy their time together."
"He has been found guilty of 11 counts of fraud, and a 13- month jail term for his crime."
"That's the only way to start understanding what a football player is, how it feels to be a centre back."
"The 40- year- old told me he was angry that the woman had left him in hospital."
"At this stage I'm not a very good coach, but I'm really happy with the game, I can train well and I'm pretty happy with the result."
"\"We should do everything we can to help out and we won't be making any promises to people who might have been affected,\" he said."
"If you've been looking for a company that's not afraid to give you a raise, look no further than Amazon. com."
"So while we are in a difficult situation, we are now in the process of trying to help the people in our community and make them feel safer."
"The priority now is to get the message out about the relationship between Trump and the US and what that means for the future of the relationship."
"And it is not just the political and economic consequences of the Brexit vote, the impact on our economy, and our country's future that are being discussed at the debate."
"The NRL website said the decision was based on the results of a pilot study into the sport's first female coach in the sport."
"The groups say they've been allowed to work in the state for a number of years, but they haven't been able to complete the necessary number of work projects."
"\"I don't know what I would have been like if I were in a position where I was in a position where I was on the bench,\" he said."
"\"I can only say that as a parent I am shocked at the things that are said about me,\" he said."
"'I don't see him changing his mind or anything and he hasn't changed his mind,' she added."
"He has had a very big impact on the club, having the title win and being the captain that we've had."
"She had a sharp knee injury and had to drop out of the world, but for the first time in her life she was the mother of a child."
"We know what we need to do in the short term and what we need to do in the long term, so that we can see what we need to do, to see the right mix of players and give the right training."
"\"The whole aim is to make it easier for people to get information and information is still limited,\" he said."
"But just as the forces of nature were not to be replaced by the same forces of nature, so too were the forces of nature not being replaced by the forces of nature."
"We want to win the league but there is still a big gap between the two teams and I don't know if we can handle that."
"It's a great example of a community in the middle of a struggle that is coming to an end."
"The 36- year- old was rushed to a nearby hospital where he is being treated for serious injuries and is expected to survive."
"It's not like the late Game, with them taking turns at their own pace."
"It's the biggest thing I've ever done and I'm doing it for the love of it and for the good of the team."
"The whole of Canberra has a high level of democracy and it is important that we make sure we have this kind of structure."
"There's no question that Democrats are better- at least in terms of voting on key issues."
"He's also the most expensive, with a $ 13. 5 million return on his investment."
"He has been able to keep his own job as a car driver and is looking forward to playing football for his country."
"She also told the judge that she was still \"shocked \"by the announcement that they would not be returning her to work."
"\"In the end I had to go to jail for it because of my drug use,\" she said."
"That would not apply to the Australian dollar and would not affect the rate on Australian dollars- the two main international currency groups have come under intense pressure."
"They're very hard to get rid of, especially when you're trying to keep a team together."
"At the same time, I want to stress that I am not here to judge, I am here to listen and to help people."
"The young women were able to see him again after a year- long break- but he has not been seen since."
"\"I believe it's important for women in the world to get the message across to their friends that there's nothing wrong with being a man,\" he said."
"But it's easy for me to say that I'm not good enough at that and I'm not good enough at that either, and I'm not good enough at that either."
"I mean, we didn't even realize the one- night stand was going to be in one of these sets."
"\"They are the best players in the world, but we have got to see them more often than they do,\" he said."
"\"I'm sure they're going to come back again, but I'm not going to be playing them,\" he said."
"It's a club I've been waiting to be part of for so many years and I'm really proud of it."
"The move will also help improve access to capital, which has been in the spotlight since a terrorist attack in November last year."
"I mean, it's just a huge honour to be part of something like that and we're delighted for him to be here."
"This is a situation that the government is not going to change but it has got to be in a position where the solution is there."
"I can't believe it's gone up so much and I don't know if it's been decided before."
"\"But when I had to turn it back for a mortgage, I knew I'd be good to go,\" he said."
"A total of 10, 000 people have been evacuated from the area, but more are expected to arrive tomorrow evening."
"I was getting more and more angry, but it just happened to be my birthday, so I just kept pushing it and I was all the way there."
"She says:'There were several people who came to our house and began beating and threatening us, threatening us if we didn't leave."
"I don't know how she's going to handle the one- year period in August- the one that she's just taken over."
"\"I don't know whether this is a serious thing, but I do have to get out there and make the argument,\" he said."
"\"In the first half of this year, I had a little bit of a problem, but I managed to get through,\" said the 12- year- old."
"Mr. Obama is expected to hold a series of foreign- policy events in the United States this week, including a visit to Saudi Arabia and a visit to Cuba."
"The bank's shares have fallen almost four per cent in the past 12 months and its bank debt is at a record high of $ 1. 3 billion."
"\"For a moment I thought I might as well just go out and play,\" he said."
"It's not a question of whether or not you'll win it, but it's the way we do things at home."
"\"We've just got to be careful, we've just got to make sure that we don't create any new competition in the industry,\" he said."
"\"This is a team of the future, that are all on the up, where we have to step up,\" he said."
"And if the African- American vote is so far behind the white one, this will not be the last time that time will be needed."
"The 23- year- old, who is planning a string of public appearances in the coming weeks, was one of four officers who were injured during the attack."
"I'm going to keep asking myself, can I continue to do this for as long as I want?"
"Now there's nothing to stop you from buying one and you can't even change the name of the shop and you've got to buy a new one."
"We are also keen to speak to those affected by this decision who need help to talk to their local council or the police."
"\"We are concerned by the fact that it is not clear that he actually got a ticket in or out,\" he said."
"The government has said it will take a more active role in the war, to ensure the safety of civilians and to ensure that no civilians are injured."
"The 24- year- old man, who was known as the \"K \"in the crowd, was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition."
"And there's an ongoing debate about how we deal with the issue of female diversity in the media and politics."
"The alleged crime is also alleged to have occurred in the early hours of Thursday morning, but the official says the investigation is continuing."
"The weather service says the city of Edinburgh has the worst record for snow in the UK, which has the second- worst record in the country."
"In order to get the right amount of money, a person needs to spend at least three years in a place where they are not safe."
"In addition, the website has been criticised for its content, which is not always accurate and sometimes contains links to fake news."
"He said: \"It is vital that the government has a plan for how we can get to that."
"\"A lot of people don't know the safety rules, or what the danger is, and then people take actions and they try to stop them,\" he said."
"She said: \"It's an amazing journey, going through all this and a lot of things which have never been done."
"In a statement to the Guardian, he said:'I am very proud of my record, which is a gift to the community, a gift to the people of the UK."
"In the comments, Mrs. Clinton called on Mr. Trump to release his tax returns, but did not offer a replacement."
"She said: \"We had just finished a conversation and she was talking about the Olympics and how important the British tennis is."
"\"My whole life, I was a professional athlete and I've been pretty much the only person that ever stepped foot into the space,\" he said."
"\"There are many reasons why a woman may not be able to achieve her career goals,\" the report says."
"The bank said its shares rose as much as 4 percent in the first quarter and the company's shares are down more than 20 percent in the past year."
"More than 200 people have been killed in the conflict, with nearly half of them children."
"While the government is still investing in the sector it has already taken in a significant amount, so it is not the first time the Reserve Bank has made a point of adding to its reach."
"\"This is one of the things I had always wanted to do, I would like to go to work,\" she said."
"It is certainly a bit of a disaster- I want to stop and think how bad it would be if I went to work."
"I want to talk to you about what it's like to be around somebody that's been through the process, and I can't stress enough how much you love your time."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to get this phone or not,\" she said, adding that she had used it before to tell her husband she would not be able to carry out her duties."
"We've got a lot of young guys who are going to be able to play in this league."
"This is not something that can be done without a government with experience or a political will to do it."
"He was a two- time Olympic champion and won three gold medals, including the last time in Beijing, in 1996 and 2000."
"If the people who have been out for nine months have got a contract, it will be an extra five months or it will be six months- which is the point, which is not good."
"This is how we move to make sure that the children of refugees have the protection they deserve, and that the national authorities understand what's happening."
"I don't think that it's a bad idea, there is a lot of potential, but it's not a solution that can be implemented in the next three months."
"And, just as important, we need to tell the world that the German people have decided to stand up for their interests, that we are not afraid."
"It was a case of seeing a future and seeing a future as you knew you would have to do it."
"And there's a lot of really good stuff in the book and in the movie, and in my opinion I think that's a great contribution to the whole thing."
"The man died at the scene and the child's mother is now in hospital in stable condition, he added."
"This means that those who live in a city such as Paris with high immigration to come and make their home there are almost always staying there."
"The first lady will do an appearance before the company's shareholders in a couple of weeks to talk about her role."
"If you go to a primary, which is the first of two, you'll be told that your vote will be decided by that primary, not by the general election."
"But he was one of the only players who could do so much for the team on the field, and if he can come in and play well then he's a great option for us."
"The woman is now a member of the Guard's student wing and has been on the training list for many years."
"And it is an open question, of course, whether our government will go the way of the Soviet Union."
"The UK, the US, and other EU nations have accused Russia of trying to boost its influence in the region by setting up front groups to spread pro- Russian messages."
"But the question of why is not a mystery to us, but it is not entirely clear to our students."
"A 32- year- old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving in the town, north- western Sydney."
"The event was a way to get attention for the video, which has been viewed more than 2, 000 times on Facebook."
"\"I've been through a lot of things over the last six years,\" he said, noting that he's been on a long- term professional football streak."
"He's my coach now and I'm really excited about it and I'm going to try and get him in here and give him a go."
"The UK had just launched its worst- ever recession in the wake of the global financial crisis- and here are some key figures to take a look at."
"\"When I come here, I want to have a little bit of fun and to have a laugh with my friends and family,\" he said."
"\"It's not just that I have to work harder, or lose weight, it's that I have to live a better life,\" she says."
"The city's reputation for being a hub for the South China Sea has become a source of tension with Beijing as well."
"He added: \"I think it's important for the prime minister to tell us what is happening and understand the role the British people play in that."
"'I didn't want to know any more but I was aware that I was being watched and I did say I was going to do this."
"He will go from being a big asset to a small- cost asset for a small fee to a major asset for a big fee and then when the market takes off and he's gone he will become a big asset for the big investors."
"\"There are a lot of things that we can do to help the community that we don't yet have the funding to do,\" he said."
"The incident comes amid growing tensions between police and the wider community over the investigation of the deaths of eight people in the city in March."
"The state's transition office was also the last stop of the day for Hillary Clinton to speak at her campaign event, a spokeswoman said."
"\"We were pretty happy to play against a team that was starting from the bottom of the league,\" he said."
"In a particularly hot and dry day, there's no time to waste, according to the city."
"This is going to be one of the best years of my career, to be honest."
"This year's survey was conducted by the Department for Business, Trade and Industry, but also by the Reserve Bank of Australia."
"A year later, her husband, who had previously turned a profit from the sale, was pulled from the mix."
"The report says one in five would be at risk of being in the final year of a business's contract if they were to quit."
"He said: \"We should be doing more, but we know there are very few other options and there is a risk of having too many people like him."
"We've got to get a big win, win a big game, that's what we're going to do, and the first two games are going to be fantastic."
"She added:'I think I could have turned her off in that moment but I felt like the words had been spoken."
"There is still a lot of noise, but it's more difficult to get people talking about anything because it's so close to the ground."
"\"I'm a leader of my own party and I have done everything I can to win,\" he said."
"Now, the UK Government has warned that the Scottish Government may be failing to be more committed to the EU's anti- corruption rules."
"A man who lost his wife and two young children to the Zika virus and a father who had sex outside the marriage was found dead in his home, the family said today."
"And some of those who have been around for a long time are starting to see how difficult it can be to control their own behaviour."
"He's given the impression that the government is saying it's all for nothing, that everything will be fine."
"But Mr. Obama and Ms. Merkel, who have been friends since she served as a state secretary, have said the project will be good for both countries."
"One of the biggest challenges for Trump is that his rivals have been very good at staying in the race long after the election."
"\"The officers involved are my friends, they are my family and I am grateful for the support they have given me,\" he added."
"\"I'm going to say it again: It's not just me,\" he said, \"it's every single person."
"The labor market is the nation's biggest export market, and they're investing millions of dollars into technology and hiring people."
"The Afghan police are investigating the suicide bombing and the alleged attempt to cause damage to an Afghan railway station."
"But there's a risk of the feature's being seen as too light for consumers, the researchers found."
"\"For us, we've been around for a long time and we've always been so close to him,\" Scott said."
"\"We are very grateful to all our staff members and volunteers for their support and the incredible support they have provided,\" she said."
"We're playing a lot better than we've been a year ago, so we'll do our best to win."
"It is very important that we all keep in mind that the little things that I've done and the things that I've done that have helped the organization and help people better."
"They had a bad year last year and I don't think that's going to change in the future."
"It's been more than a week since the high street's owners announced they would not be closing the agency."
"While the virus does not always affect people who have the virus, it does happen- particularly in younger people."
"She said:'I have been asking for them to be made permanent and they were sent back to their parents."
"The protesters have been armed with clubs, guns and a bag of cash, the BBC reports, but police are appealing for help."
"'I think the longer he's gone, the more he's paid off, because he's been paying off more debt."
"\"They want to learn about the history, what happened there, how it was over and over again,\" he said."
"I don't want to give any more reasons, but if I get that, then I'm done."
"On the other hand, I don't think there's a problem with that, but there is a risk that some things are not as popular as people realize."
"It is a school where students are encouraged to learn about the work, the history and the history of the university, and how to join in."
"The teen was shot by an off- duty police officer who was trying to stop him from shooting the teen, according to the district attorney."
"The high cost of housing makes it a less attractive option for many, but it's also one that I think we should be looking at."
"For instance, Trump said he would have a meeting with Pope Francis and meet with the heads of the world's most powerful economies."
"It is my role to help him as much as I can, so he can come into the team and he can be part of our preparation."
"At the end of the day, it's all about how you feel and what you want to do."
"When we saw the numbers, we thought we'd come out in a place we thought was special and it was a special night."
"In the last five years the number of people who have gone to the police has increased from 1. 2 million to 1. 6 million, and then again, almost one in 10 have gone to prison, up from 1. 4 million."
"I've played for a few managers in the last two years and I feel pretty good about myself, so I'm looking forward to it."
"The total cost of the mission is not yet known, but is estimated at over $ 4 billion."
"He didn't try to turn up and say it was OK, just like he didn't want to stop, because he thought it was OK."
"I would not say I think that has gone too far, but I do think we've got to do a better job of playing against them in the way we've played them."
"\"The game has changed and it is important to stay in the game, because if you don't get the opportunity you can lose it,\" said the former Celtic defender."
"\"She was a very smart, very good young girl who was in a very important job in her own right,\" she said in a statement."
"The figure came in at \u00a3 10. 8 million for the year ended December 31, up from \u00a3 10. 9 million a year earlier."
"I just want to say thank you to everyone who has helped me through the most difficult times."
"While some of them will win, the most popular one will be the most important one: that is a budget game."
"It wasn't until I'd learned how to be a writer that it became clear that the path was not only the path, but that it wasn't always the path."
"The NBA is considered to be the most popular sport in the world with more than a billion people watching it every day."
"For example, it is the job of parents to help their children learn about the world and the consequences of their actions."
"He said: \"We are going to do it in the context of the current climate and I am pretty sure he is going to be right."
"The 38- year- old mother- of- two was rushed to hospital where she died from her injuries."
"It's a competitive industry and in the end I felt it was time for me to give it a go."
"If it's going to be a one- off one- off [ event ], I have no doubt it will be."
"She doesn't think the UK's relationship with the EU is much better than it has been in the past, she says."
"I can tell you that at the end of the day it's not going to be the same as before."
"This will be our best chance of making the transition to a more competitive world where foreign competitors are more competitive."
"\"The Republicans have been a very good, good party for a long time,\" he said, \"but I don't think they're ready to be a force in the middle class."
"\"We've had a lot of new jobs that we've been looking at for the last couple of years,\" he said."
"\"I had a good look at it and saw it for myself, and I was going to do some research,\" he said."
"A judge granted the man's request for a temporary stay, but he has until Monday to apply for a temporary stay again."
"As well as their popularity among women, women are not only one of the reasons why they feel the need to wear a different dress every time."
"And if you're an 18- year- old, it's possible you could be in a position to try and get a mortgage."
"It's a moment I don't want to miss, because there is so much going on in the world."
"The problem is that the drug is not available in the UK so it's not exactly an all- round solution."
"The plan will see the rate of spending on NHS care rise to \u00a3 1. 8 billion per year from \u00a3 1. 7 billion."
"\"I've been asked to play some and have been working to get better and see what I can do,\" he said."
"It was the first time that a U. S.- Japanese military aircraft had entered Korea since the North's last nuclear test in 2006."
"One issue that could be addressed is the question of how to move the vessel around the water, but those are difficult to answer at the moment."
"It is an important topic for discussion as the company struggles to balance its business with the increasingly competitive job market."
"The agency said it had conducted numerous tests of the device, but that it was unclear whether the device could be used in a full- scale attack."
"What's more, he's seen his life in the spotlight for what he's done for the sport."
"But that's not the point, they said in an interview, and they need to keep raising the bar."
"The house's owner said she was waiting for the bank, but that when she arrived the man had set her off."
"I think it's really important to get into this tournament and to have the confidence to do your job and play well and give us a positive run."
"\"I know it's going to be a tough day, but we have to keep pushing on and keep getting better,\" he added."
"I think it is an opportunity to keep playing football as a young kid and to see who you can get along with."
"We can't use this opportunity to attack those who are trying to stop us- we're going to get our hands on them."
"\"If you look at some of the films I've done, the main one is probably the first one,\" he said."
"If you go to high school, you don't go to high school without a sense of responsibility and an intention to do good."
"In reality, it's a huge thing, not just for our town, but for the surrounding area."
"The New York Times first reported the allegations in late 2015, but the new allegations haven't been confirmed."
"\"The fact that we have this much money and this little extra space, makes it more exciting for the players to play,\" he said."
"The pilot will fly with the aircraft until 3 p. m. local time on Sunday, Sept."
"But he says he is surprised by the drop in two key national polls- one in Italy and one in France."
"\"He's been working very hard over the last couple of weeks to get himself back on track,\" Murray said."
"I thought he had a good start in the first half and I was disappointed because he could have been playing better but that was the point of the game."
"The two groups, which had been battling the same problem for years, were finally able to agree on a new vaccine for the virus."
"Police Scotland has issued a warning to officers to be on the alert for any suspicious behaviour in and around the area."
"I don't know if they have a role, or if the person playing it is just someone who's done their job."
"A woman who claims she was left alone by two men for three hours in the city centre on Saturday morning was shocked."
"He said: \"I think it's important for us to be able to come out of the draw and have a real winning campaign."
"But it is what we are able to do here that will make us competitive,\" he said."
"It would be a shame if he didn't get the chance to play in the World Cup but at the moment he is here and we are happy with him."
"You are right that it's been a lot of work to keep my hand off it but it's a case of staying in the game until I can get the ball back."
"In the photo, the city hall is still standing and is not seen by any of the cameras and is not visible from the street."
"I had to buy the entire estate with my wife and two children, and I didn't have the money for it."
"The latest figures show total employment has fallen by just 0. 3 per cent over the year to June, while the number of jobs created has increased by just 0. 6 per cent."
"She has been made a special resident of a new- home property which is on the market for $ 1, 500, 000."
"\"I'm going to play my best football and do what I've always done and try to be in the best position possible,\" said the Mexican."
"And for those who don't have any faith in the political system, it's more important to see it as a means to an end than a goal."
"If they are going to be able to get the whole thing back on track, they're going to need a major, major deal to get them to make that happen."
"He said: \"The polling said that I would win in Florida, but I think the other states that went Republican, particularly the states that went for Trump, and the delegates were all going to the Republican Party, the campaigns had a better"
"This is not a community we want to be part of, this is a community where we have a lot of people."
"\"I can tell you, I have really enjoyed the weekend, and I am very grateful for it,\" he said."
"\"If you're on a level playing field, or on a platform, you have a right to be suspicious of people's views,\" he said."
"\"I'm at a loss for words, but he's got his eyes on me, and he's having some fun,\" he said."
"\"You can't say, \"I will not do this,\" \"he said when asked what he'd do."
"In the UK, those aged between 15 and 34 who have not had a stroke are also more likely to experience a stroke."
"We have only just begun to build on that and I am not going to say it will be easy to do it."
"The project is an ambitious one but there is one thing that you should be thinking about: what happens next?"
"The conversation was about Trump's position as the most popular GOP presidential candidate in the history of the U. S. exit from the European Union."
"\"But they've been in the market for a long time and it is exciting to be on the stage,\" he said."
"Even the right people are trying to help these guys, but we're not going to take away from them, because we're already here."
"Some 11, 000 people were displaced in the last six months, while around 10, 500 people were injured, he said."
"It was a big hit for me, because I've been up there in the Champions League for so long and this is something I've never done before."
"But it is hard for me to understand how the issue of custody of the children could be played down by this and that."
"That meant it took nearly three years for the government to process the thousands of documents it had given the public."
"\"I believe they are a powerful force in this country,\" Trump said during a press conference in Washington."
"The goal, he said, is to show that, when you put the games under the spotlight, they give you more attention."
"But they aren't going to be able to put their hands up and get a shot on the ball, and they're not going to be able to throw it over the net."
"Trump's nomination of Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court is viewed by some as a way to keep the party divided in the wake of the Supreme Court's historic decision in June to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act."
"I just don't think we've done enough, and if we do, we'll be down to nine games in four weeks."
"The public vote will begin in May and the electorate will decide on whether to remain part of the EU by June."
"It's nice to be in the top 10 but I wouldn't want to give it up."
"\"I know a lot of people say to me, \"I can't believe it's happening, I'm so proud,\" \"she says."
"So if we're going to go to college, we have to earn it and I think we're not going to do that."
"She said: \"I don't want to see any more children here because of the situation I am in."
"The opposition is against the measures and it is asking for a vote in the assembly, which the government has vowed to hold until June."
"There's a lot of people that are in here that are, you know, trying to do this thing,\" he said."
"If it's a big business, we should all be taking money from the people we are supporting."
"One of the things I like about being here is that you're surrounded by people who are able to change and grow."
"The company says it has been able to put the final price of the app down to about $ 20, 000."
"We've got two big days in the season and we've got to be ready for them and I think we have a lot of quality players."
"But the UK is still seen as a model for the rest of Europe, and the United States has only begun to recognise that its citizens have a right to self- determination."
"The final game of the season will be on the road, so we'll have to prepare and work together."
"If you want to stay at the game, there are good opportunities, but if you don't get your wish, you're going to be very disappointed."
"He had a lot of difficult days in the summer, but he's just been great to watch."
"\"We believe we are going to win this year and if we can continue to put it all together, we'll be in the race for the gold,\" he said."
"I think what you are saying is if you can say it's a 100 per cent party system, then it is a club system."
"It's not just about a single dollar, it's about how much you can afford to save for a year- and year- longer term relationship."
"\"It's an amazing opportunity to be able to do this in front of thousands of people,\" he said."
"There were signs of hope in the second half when a second goal from the striker set the Blues up and they turned it around."
"When the vote in the EU referendum was called, the EU was not a single market- it was not even a union with the UK- it was a single currency."
"\"It's the only way you can do this in this particular field,\" he said, adding that he would be taking action against Clinton in the future."
"This is a move that has been discussed for years and it could be just the start of a strategy to get to the bottom of this."
"We don't know how long it will take to process the applications, but we will consider them carefully."
"The two- year- old, who was taken to a local hospital, was in a stable condition."
"The president's personal mission is to lead America's global economy, with a strong focus on helping the best and the most vulnerable."
"She also believes the US presidential election is not a referendum on the nation's future."
"The document comes as Prime Minister Theresa May appears to be on high alert amid the wider security situation in Europe."
"It will be tough but I am happy that the boys are working hard and I am happy to be out there."
"\"It is a great shame we were not given an opportunity to meet them,\" he said."
"But the next year, I started thinking about my new role, and I found out that I wasn't just a model for boys and girls."
"They're not going to be able to come to the job, so I don't know if they'll be able to go to work."
"That's probably the best thing you can do for us, but we're going to need to get the ball on the ground."
"In that case, the officers may be fired for failing to follow a traffic stop, but the company insists it is not a cover- up."
"The government is expected to announce a new deal with the French to buy up to 25 per cent of the EU's new nuclear energy infrastructure projects."
"The United Nations said Tuesday it had taken in more than 300 people since the start of the year, mostly women and children."
"\"This time last year, I wasn't able to afford it- it's my fault,\" he said."
"Mr Martin, who is a legal adviser to Ms Sturgeon, said the SNP's \"outstanding position \"on independence was a \"significant issue \"for Scotland."
"But as long as I am free, I can't do anything, so I need to come back to work, which is what I did last time, so it doesn't take much time."
"And there are other reasons why I can think of- we're supposed to be able to keep everybody healthy."
"This is not to say there is no chance of success, but the situation is likely to get worse if the group doesn't win, analysts say."
"We are not talking about people who are here at the moment, we have families and we want to build an atmosphere that will last for a long time."
"\"I think we have to do more and more research and see what is going on with our public service,\" he said."
"\"I'm really happy with the amount of injuries I've had to deal with,\" he said."
"He says the women are \"a few people \"who feel it is too early for them to lead their own lives."
"She was not in a rush to have sex but the pain was so overwhelming that she fell on top of a friend and grabbed his hands."
"But for all of the names, if you look at the current leader of the free world, it's Donald Trump."
"I could easily have been in the room, but you don't want to be in the room and be in the room with somebody else."
"\"The reality is that I think it is a terrible thing to be around and I've got to make it tough on myself,\" she said."
"You're doing it in your head and you think, \"What am I going to do with this?\"and it's not."
"I will say this: I am delighted for the women who have come forward to say what they have been saying and to express their support."
"The U. S. attorney's office in Brooklyn charged Monday with corruption in the case in a federal court in Manhattan."
"I would like to see more of these guys, but I think that if you look at the team and the performance of the guys in front of you and all those other guys, I don't think they're going to get into it."
"The new price increases come as the Labour Party is preparing to face a leadership contest in the next contest."
"For years, I've been giving the impression that everything is going to be OK, but I know we're going to get beat by the opposition."
"One man was arrested on suspicion of murder and a second man faces murder charges after a man was found in a car in the city."
"On Monday, a Turkish court sentenced two of the protesters to six years in prison for a group of two- year- olds who burned down a rally in Ankara."
"I can't even predict the real size of the impact on our state and federal government, and I don't think that's going to be large enough to stop this from happening."
"But we have to get a lot of confidence in the back of the team and that will be good and we're going to have to be in our best form against them."
"\"The big idea is that the players are coming back and playing and learning from it,\" said the club."
"It's also a way of life and a way of life that a lot of kids don't have and don't want."
"The three- month trial was just one of a series of events that would shape the story, but it will now be a relatively simple one."
"\"It's really important for us to get our guys into the team and get them to where they can play,\" she said."
"I think there was a time when she was a good girl, and it's funny that people say she wasn't."
"If you're not in the US, and you're not able to send your package via Canada or the US, there is no point in sending your package via Canada."
"\"I don't think she's been able to help herself in any of the areas of that,\" he said."
"The US is not in breach of international humanitarian law, he said, adding that no U. S. government official would comment on the US decision."
"I want to thank the staff and the people in the building for their support in this difficult situation, and thank everyone for their efforts and love throughout the entire incident."
"It also makes me more determined to fight for a living, so hopefully I can continue to be a part of the community."
"It's also about making sure the government can make it seem like they care about the children, not the kids,\" he said."
"I've seen all of that, but I don't think I would have done this if I didn't think it was important."
"\"I would like to think they have a plan for the future, maybe just as a strategy for future development,\" he said."
"I don't care what happens- it's too much to ask of a club like Manchester United."
"I think I'd like to be able to write a song and have it feel a little bit different from my earlier work."
"'We are going to be looking at the table on Thursday and it's going to be tough,' he said."
"The same results are expected from the Friday night session, which will be broadcast on CNN and on ABC."
"It's not easy for me to be here and not play the game as much as I do."
"We have tried to keep the ball close to the ground and in front of our feet, but that doesn't work."
"She added: \"I would like to see the option to see a mother get a life sentence if she can't keep their child."
"\"But I'm still talking to my dad about how I can do better and have a better career,\" he said."
"The burden of proof is too high for most people, especially children, to believe that the person in the photo is actually in the photograph."
"It's a great day for us but we're going to have to sit down and work it out with them."
"We're a part of that and we can't wait to get there and start winning games."
"The four- star hotel has a base in the Mediterranean, but it is just a short walk from the main restaurant and a short walk to the main road."
"Even if we go with the NHS and have a free- movement policy, we're not going to find people in Scotland who would be willing to work."
"She was sitting right next to me on the bus and I could hear her saying \"No, no, no, no, no, no."
"A man with a gun was shot in the head and was taken to a hospital for treatment, according to local reports."
"This is a good thing, and I'm very proud of the fact that I've done something so amazing."
"This year, they've even taken to playing one on one with a female guest on \"The New Day,\" a British radio drama."
"I'm not sure if it's going to be a bad thing or a good thing, but I'm not 100 percent sure yet."
"\"It was an opportunity for us to be able to play with a new system, to get a new manager,\" said James."
"He was suspended from the club for two games last season for an alleged sexual assault, but was cleared of the charge."
"I've got a wonderful job at a great company and I think there's a good chance I'll be part of the new team."
"If this kind of thing can't be avoided, why would it happen to somebody in their right mind?\"he said."
"\"My sister was a nurse and I didn't know her until I was on a plane,\" he says."
"On the same day the news broke that he had taken a significant financial hit, the White House issued a statement saying Trump was not facing any financial consequences."
"It's a nice way to say, \"I'm not going to make that move again."
"He didn't play, so it's hard to say what he's been doing since then."
"A number of European countries also have a policy of allowing young people to work but they have not been able to do so for many years."
"I was very worried about my family and friends, so I just let them go and I didn't see them any more."
"\"If you want to be a black person in America, you're going to have to be willing to compromise with people that don't trust you,\" she said."
"I was the only one to get a bag in, and it was the best bag I had ever had in my life."
"It's the first time a former first lady has been able to get to the presidency and is now in the running for the position."
"In his testimony, Mr. Scott said he was \"shocked \"to learn of the fire, which took more than a day to heat up."
"With the first call of the season coming in early, we were pretty much on the edge of our seats until the second call came and we couldn't wait to get into our seats."
"The top two were found to have been born in the same building as the alleged victim, but they were never reported to police."
"\"I've worked with the administration on it for a while now, and I think it's the right thing to do,\" she said."
"The AFL has released a comprehensive look at the National League's top clubs and a full list of all the top 20 clubs in the AFL."
"So the question is how do they achieve that, and what is the political risk of a Labour government?"
"I'm not saying it's going to happen, but you'd think he'd be talking about it."
"The expansion of the market will help boost exports, and if the economy continues to expand, will boost exports from emerging economies."
"And if you don't have a car, a gift or a credit card, then I don't know what to do with you."
"This was on top of a fine of up to $ 10, 000 for each offence, plus a fine of up to $ 500."
"On Tuesday night, the service's annual general meeting, which is being hosted by the World Health Organization, will be held in Brussels."
"I think that would be a positive thing, but I'd like to see him be happy and excited and let the work be done, and he's done it."
"The match was scheduled for March 11 but, instead of being played on March 15, the team has cancelled it."
"\"I was just so excited,\" the 29- year- old said when we met last year at the annual event."
"The decision is being made by the board of directors, which means there's a chance it'll be retired in a few months."
"I don't know why that's the case, but I do know it's the case that we have to do something about it."
"The U. S. Department of Justice on Thursday issued an appeal to lawmakers to stop the Justice Department's review, saying the U. S. is still not fully informed on the case."
"The next wave of attacks are expected to be in central and western Europe, where nearly 3, 000 people have been killed and over 2, 000 injured."
"The court heard his family had been on the front lines of the war in Syria since the start of the war in 2011."
"'My mum told me to keep the phone up because it's important to protect my privacy,' she said."
"He had been trying to call the family, but instead had been shot and killed."
"The man, who can be seen with his son on his left, has been taken to a hospital for treatment and has been on life support for seven days."
"\"We have to think about that kind of thing- and how do we know we're not going to be able to do anything about it,\" she said."
"It's not the first time the former Manchester United player has been accused of sexual misconduct in the past."
"It's a way to get away with something that doesn't do what you want to do and when you do it you're in the wrong place."
"\"For me, this is not a fair contest,\" he said, pointing to the one- year anniversary of his coup attempt."
"She was running in the early hours, she says, after a train was stopped at a crossing and she was hit by a train."
"The German is the highest ranked player in the world, with an average of 5. 3 runs per game, although he's no longer a regular."
"The two trains were travelling at about 50 miles per hour when the emergency services arrived and the driver was taken to hospital for treatment."
"The way we ended up in the second set and the way we ended up in the third set was disappointing to me but I think we played the way we played and I think we could have done a better job."
"\"I wouldn't say it's a bad thing, but I'd like to think they're not even close to being a living thing,\" she said."
"The company's shares closed up 2. 6 per cent at $ 45. 36 on Thursday, their biggest gain in nearly a month."
"One senior figure at the centre of the controversy said: \"It was not a vote to go to war, it was just a vote to look at other issues."
"I don't know how to say it right now, but he's probably going to be good."
"It is not known whether any of the migrants have family in the city, which is home to some 200, 000 people."
"But there's also a long- term risk that some products might not be available in the UK."
"\"He said he had the number of kids in there, and he knew how the house was going,\" one resident said."
"Now, it's happening, but the public are saying it's not just me, and I'm not alone."
"The new law, which comes into force on 1 July, will take effect in the first half of this year."
"It was all a little bit more the truth than what was told at the time, but it was a good performance."
"\"You are good and you are doing well, but I am not going to be afraid to put myself forward,\" he added."
"He says he has been at the plant with his mother and sister for almost three months and they are good to go."
"It's not the first time that Donald Trump has criticized the NFL and its owners, but he's also hardly the first time the sports media has been critical of a player's actions."
"It's important to acknowledge that what's going on in Russia and what's happening in Syria will have a lot to do with what's happening in Europe and the rest of the world."
"The Labour leader has not made a public statement since the Guardian revealed that he was to take over as leader of the party on Sunday."
"\"It is more of a rush and I have to do something quickly,\" he said."
"I really appreciate you saying, but it's not like I don't have a career."
"He knows it's a very hard thing to do but I'm delighted with the way he's played and I've got a lot of confidence in him."
"The student said he was simply too excited to turn away the teacher who came over and refused to let him take a class."
"With the result at the time of the attack in Brussels, the Belgian government has said it will investigate the incident and is seeking help from the United States and other European nations."
"\"For the time being, we're not monitoring the final game,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say that we're off the scale, but I can tell you the recent global interest rate cut is a positive development."
"I remember when I first came here, I was told that they were working with the army and that we were going to bring down the Taliban."
"We have had this over the past year, and it is going to continue to happen in the future."
"\"You know, I feel like we've got to win the game and we need to go out and make plays,\" said Jackson, who has not played since last Saturday."
"\"It's a great team and a great feeling to play for, and I'm looking forward to playing for them,\" said Collins."
"The company announced on Wednesday that it had raised $ 5. 6 billion in funding from a handful of investors, including U. S. Bank, which is tied to a fund with investments in infrastructure."
"After all, they're not exactly going to be able to afford their way out of a hole."
"I have seen him around, just a little bit, but he is a very small guy and I don't know that he is a big player."
"And what is the next step in our discussion of how we'll move forward if we don't address the future?"
"You're not going to have enough money to spend on anything on the ground unless you're a political party."
"The bus driver, who cannot be named, was not injured in the crash, police said in a statement on Saturday."
"A two- year- old boy and two others were also shot and killed on a rural road by a group of armed people, local media reported."
"For some people, it's hard to see the same people again and again, and for others it's just a different kind of story."
"\"I've got to be ready to go,\" I said to a friend as I prepared to head to the gym for a run."
"They will be given a $ 20, 000 reward for information leading to their arrest, and up to five years in prison."
"So I asked myself what if I was being drawn to a story, and if it was going to be about a club or a family?"
"And it's not just the very young- they're far too young for this sort of system."
"However, at the end of the day, you don't want to spend hours in a shopping centre, and the only reason you will be back is for a friend or family member."
"They are going to be out there for three months and a half, and then they are going to come in and they're not going to stop."
"But Trump's case for the status of women in the military is not based on any particular policy, he said."
"It would be better if the workers could come together to discuss what the plan was, where it might be headed and what they wanted."
"For example, if the person who is the victim wants to be seen in person, they may be able to talk to the person at the venue."
"It is not the first time he has been attacked by a female passenger on a European flight."
"The news comes as dozens of people gathered in New Hampshire for a rally against Republican front- runner Donald Trump."
"More than 1, 500 members of the public will be able to vote in the referendum on whether Scotland should remain within the EU."
"She's too busy to do her thing, so I think it's a shame she can't be here."
"The power of the crowd is really important, because they make the audience feel at home."
"As an example, a man who asked me to be his wife's nurse has told me he's not going to leave me."
"The two companies are in talks about buying the whole of Europe's largest market, which has seen the growth of both sides in the past year."
"\"My mother was not as strong as I was, but her body language and the way she spoke made me realize how much I wanted to be her,\" he said."
"The government is also seeking to increase the state pension age from 65 to 70, which is set to increase from \u00a3 7. 50 in 2017 to \u00a3 9. 50 in 2020."
"\"You are not alone, especially for those who are struggling, you have to step back and give support,\" he said."
"In the past few months we have had a significant number of cases of people becoming ill in the NHS which is something that was considered very serious."
"'There were two people in my mother- in- law's car who got into the car and were able to grab the young boy by his hair and drive away,' she told the newspaper."
"At the moment there is no electricity or water, so the island's population is completely dry, and almost all of its residents are homeless."
"If he's out, we'll send him off for the rest of the season to be sure he's ready."
"In his speech, Obama also called for a crackdown on \"deep state \"and made clear that the United States would not engage in military action against Iran."
"They are all about understanding and moving towards a different kind of life and taking it as the path to do a better life."
"After the attacks in Paris and Brussels, the last two years have seen the number of people killed in terrorist attacks increase, as well as the number of people killed on the streets."
"He was already dead when I met him and he was a good man and I've never forgotten him."
"We know we have to protect our security and we are taking a tough line on this as we don't want any situation where an attack is possible."
"\"I've never heard anyone say they'd be OK with a conversation about climate change if it was a Republican presidential candidate,\" he said."
"They were both at the top of their game and were absolutely dominant, and I'm really pleased to be a part of this team."
"The government in February had told the BBC it would start considering a number of measures to try to combat the problem, including putting into law a ban on carrying the knife in public."
"I went from being so good at football to losing it, I was always worried about that and I'm not."
"And I'm pretty sure we will go out and play at least one more of the American League Championship Series."
"The force said in a statement: \"We are aware of the incident and are investigating it as a serious matter."
"More than a dozen people, including a woman and her three children, were injured when a boat with a large amount of water crashed into the water."
"He said:'My husband was talking to her and she said \"I don't know what you're talking about."
"As you get older and you realise you need help and you can't take the steps that you're used to, then you can't take the right things at the right time."
"If there are problems at home it will be one thing and people could be very upset and it's another thing to have a group fight over it."
"A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a shooting in the city's north- west."
"It also said it was disappointed by the development of the market, which in 2015 was the second- lowest in the world."
"They're not just at it at night, they're at it at 4: 30 in the morning, they're at it at 5: 30 in the afternoon."
"\"I think that's a big issue, as well as the fact that a lot of players didn't know the rules and are not experts in the game,\" he said."
"I just try to think of everything and make sure that I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing."
"He's been back into a game and he has been playing well and he was the reason why the game was close."
"So he came here and did this thing where he pulled out his arm, like a man pulled out his arm, and he pulled it out."
"The government must not allow businesses to know what the terms of the contract are and they must be held to account."
"He is one of only eight Americans who have reached the $ 10, 000 minimum in the final 12 months of the campaign."
"\"I think that's what we've got to do, to make sure that the people that are in power are heard,\" she said."
"While it was great to be back there and having a new owner in the village, I was disappointed with the lack of social and educational opportunities."
"While polls show a majority in favour, the Scottish National Party has yet to score a single victory in its vote in Westminster."
"And it's going to be very tough for our staff, our staff, because they're going to be in it for a long time."
"We have to be honest about it, the world's best athletes are the only ones to win three Olympic medals."
"A federal judge in Washington on Thursday temporarily blocked a federal judge's order to issue temporary orders blocking the construction of a new oil pipeline in the Gulf of Mexico."
"The club are currently in discussions with its board of directors about the club's future, with the sale of its remaining assets expected to be completed by the end of the year."
"\"If there is a successful case, we would support the family and the players,\" he said in the video."
"He said: \"The things that we had to do, including the knowledge that I was going to be going, were totally out of my control."
"The video of the \"four- and- a- half hour \"spectacular began streaming on Monday, with the majority of viewers staying until Tuesday morning."
"\"It would be nice to be able to give somebody an opportunity to win, so we don't see any reason to change it,\" he said."
"A year ago the president of the Swiss football association also made a visit to a hotel in Geneva."
"In this respect it's not like we're going to be standing here and saying we're going to fight for women's rights."
"We know that the show has a really strong fan base, and I think it's important that we make sure that people have a really good experience with this show."
"\"We are getting some of the best engineering and construction companies in the world, and we have more opportunities for manufacturing in the future,\" he said."
"The other 45, including three senior members of the New York City police union, were paid less than $ 200, 000 per year, the union said."
"\"I am not the only one who has had a change of heart,\" he said in a Facebook post."
"There is always a new way to do things, so I don't want to do anything I think I might be doing wrong."
"The official said it is not clear whether the small numbers are the result of a conflict of interest or the desire for a boost to the party's reputation."
"We have a long way to go before we can get the help we need to get people to buy their tickets."
"He said:'The sad thing is I had my baby son around five months ago, he has a long- term condition and we are struggling with the care we need."
"The Games will run from December 9 to 13 and some are even scheduled to be held in the next two years."
"She is now in a difficult spot, particularly as she is suffering from a lack of income and the hospital has been unable to provide her with the support she needs."
"We have got to make the same decisions we made two years ago and I'm disappointed for our team."
"You can't just talk about sports in a sport, you have to be able to understand the teams, you have to know what they want to do."
"Some lawmakers have argued that the cuts are meant to stem the flow of money from the nation's central bank, a practice that may help explain why the Fed is so nervous about the program."
"\"He's the only one who's been running for anything other than the White House,\" Trump told Fox News."
"We need to be able to tell the truth in what we're saying because if we do that, there is no way we can ever be able to get the truth out of the truth."
"The UK should continue to provide support to those who are still at risk of being killed by armed law enforcement, a minister has said."
"\"We have to tell them we are here to help them out, and we will stay here until they get their money back,\" he said."
"I'd like to get on with the job and make a real difference in the community, because I don't think that's going to happen."
"This is a fight we have won, but we need the team to step up and win it."
"It's great to see that in the second half of the season we're back to our peak level again."
"\"I think it is only when you are about to do something that you need to be careful about it,\" he said."
"This is a child who is going to be a mother for life, and we don't have the resources to make sure they are able to care for themselves."
"And that's what they're calling on, and they're taking that into account on the third day, the day the results were announced."
"And that means it's impossible to monitor what's happening in the public sector in every part of the country."
"But the media reports suggested the bill would only affect the local authority of one of the schools, the school of Welsh Catholic."
"She said she didn't know what to expect when she arrived, but was encouraged by the response of her family and friends."
"The second game is on the road and he's playing, so it's up to me to get him out of the way."
"The new agreement will mean that an agency or institution can end up spending millions on the service only for the state to pick up the money."
"\"I don't know if that's a good thing or not, but I'm happy to do that,\" he said."
"I have a problem with a lot of things that I do, so I try to make sure I'm not damaging anybody."
"I think that we've had a couple of opportunities in the last couple of days to reflect on the effort we've put in and our preparation."
"It's also not an easy decision for anyone, especially with a home, where the weather is quite cold."
"\"I've been told by a lot of people I can't do that and it would be a waste of time,\" he said."
"It is the first time in recent years that major European economies have collapsed in the face of a recession, according to a study by the EU's finance ministers."
"He had said, in a Twitter message, that he was \"concerned \"about a flood of people coming to New York."
"The bottom line: while Trump will need to win all of the states in the United States, he is unlikely to be able to win the South in any of them."
"Even if you didn't have a free pass, there was a possibility that you could get hit for the money."
"And I hope to show them, in the movies, I can show them how the movie is made and that I can take it to new audiences."
"I don't think that [ it ] is a good idea to buy into a political program that's going to increase inequality."
"We'll see what happens with the community, but it was a very good team effort."
"It's only in Europe, where the people don't have to worry about that, where it's more important than it is in the United States."
"The truth is that we don't have a vision of the future, and that there is always room for more and more."
"The rules and regulations of the team- which includes all the players- will be reviewed to ensure they can play at the highest level, with the idea of greater transparency."
"If this does not happen, I will be able to do it, and if I do then it will be a more complete album."
"The footage is said to be a first for the UK, with a spokesman saying: \"It is a very interesting story."
"But when the team's bad in the past few years, it's been because they're not being used."
"The man said:'I had to say the words out loud, \"You are not allowed here."
"\"I've been in a relationship for three years and I love her very much,\" he said."
"The biggest change, though, will be the fact that the government will no longer have to show proof of identity to prove a claim."
"If you can get a letter from your loved one on this phone, you're good to go, but if you're not, you can't be sure what's going to happen."
"The club say they have received no complaints from children, even those who don't want to be involved in these proceedings."
"\"I think the first thing you need to do is make sure that you're familiar with the fact that it's not just that you've got to go to the store."
"In a statement, the office said it has suspended the investigation into the incident and is working with police to determine what happened."
"The government's website says it will ask the public to vote in a referendum before the end of 2017."
"I know I would have been able to get a bit of an edge in the final game but he is one of the best in the world."
"There's no way I can get this to work for me, because I'm at the show."
"You know, in the fourth quarter it took him a few minutes to get his feet moving and he just kept it going."
"The \"up \"to 60% of people with dementia will spend the next 15 years in hospital, the report said."
"And I don't want to put him on his own for a month or two, because he's got a lot of people around him."
"The committee said it would consider the research in a final report later this month that is due to be released in April."
"And of course, for a long time in the run- up to that, there was the possibility of a referendum on a number of issues."
"But the company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the report and would ask for \"a further review \"of its business to ensure its business was in line with the law."
"The Olympics, which kick off in London on June 27, are expected to attract about a million more visitors than last year."
"She had no idea, she says, about the impact of her work, because her colleagues didn't know it was happening."
"I think the young players are a bit disappointed but we have shown a lot of improvement over the past couple of years."
"\"I've been doing this for years, I can say this, I'm the most honest person,\" he said."
"But we've done it as a football club and there's no reason why we can't win it back."
"A few weeks ago we had a call from a medical team who wanted us to get him checked up to see if he had any symptoms."
"\"We are just not in a position to talk about them because they are not a part of the deal,\" he said."
"\"We are going to make sure that everyone can get through the day, they will be there for a very long time,\" he said."
"That's a measure of how good he is at basketball, and he can still be excellent even in the worst of conditions."
"Police believe a 15- year- old boy has been killed in a shooting in the town, where three people were shot in the head, police said on Thursday."
"The girl was found shot to death near her home by a man who had previously been suspected in the murder."
"I would like to see a government that understands the role of investment in Australia's future, not just in the cost of building the government's infrastructure, but also in the cost of exports."
"A'broader'approach would be to target the government's only revenue source, the BBC, which is \u00a3 3. 2 billion."
"\"There were a lot of people who weren't so optimistic,\" he said, \"because they thought it would be just another start."
"I think there's a lot to do, and there's been a lot of discussion around this area, and the climate is changing."
"If it's taken, he said, it is the duty of the group to do it, not that of the pilot, who needs to sit down."
"The book is all about how to be a good family, and how to not look the other way, and what to do when things go wrong."
"\"I'll be very surprised if he won't be here in time to win,\" he added."
"The evidence, while overwhelming, is that it is not the outcome of a free market."
"\"This is a tough one and we have a lot of work to do to get through it,\" he said."
"\"My parents had to leave for the holidays because I was still working, so they were struggling to find a job,\" she said."
"He's an amazing person and he's the type of person that you want to have a conversation with, especially at this stage in his life."
"\"I have come here to make a difference, and I will always be a fighter, a leader and I will never stop fighting for my country,\" he said."
"You know what, if I had a chance to take over as governor, I would have to look at it."
"I have to admit, I'm not quite sure why I'd be hanging around this town all the time."
"At the same time, he said he didn't expect the court's ruling to have any significant impact on his legal battle with the state."
"\"I'll be sure to hold a press conference to tell you what I've been through,\" he added."
"He said: \"I was hoping that the woman who made that call would have managed to take the phone down and I'm absolutely delighted by that."
"\"It was important to come and see him, but I don't want to be in the way of a call,\" Smith said."
"The changes also meant that she would be able to receive a few additional events at her local club without the cost of tickets."
"She has been seen in the media in the past, but I think she has turned into something new and fresh."
"At least 27 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in the worst terror attack in Belgium since attacks in November 2015, a senior Belgian official has said."
"\"We will continue to address this issue as it affects our staff and will not be changing the approach we are taking to managing the employees in Scotland,\" he said."
"\"If you ask me about the risks of living in a Trump White House, I will tell you it is nothing,\" he said."
"The major players in the industry, including the BBC and Channel 4, have all made clear that it is critical that the licence fee be paid."
"\"It is to be a completely different environment from the one I was in the beginning of,\" she says."
"\"I don't know what the reason is, but she is going through this very difficult period and I have no doubt she will recover,\" she said."
"As for the White House, the president has been pretty much mum for most of his first five years, which is what he is used to."
"We're right behind Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump in the polls in Iowa and New Hampshire and so I think that is a very strong endorsement for Hillary Clinton."
"I've been through a lot of tough times and it's not something you can change overnight, it's a very difficult thing to do."
"The same phenomenon can be experienced in men, he said, suggesting that if one is attracted to women, it can be the same thing."
"I think there is a bit of hope to be had with [ the addition of Ross]. It's not really surprising, it's been in the plans, it's just not in the cards at the moment."
"The Fed will raise rates on December 23, the day after President Obama signs the Fed's policy agenda."
"I think it's time to break off and tell the world we are here to help,\" Trump said at the time."
"I've been coming here to work for 11 years now and it's not for nothing- this is a club that is one of the best."
"I don't know why that's the case,\" he told The Post on Monday."
"\"It's a very good test for any player, and it will help you get the confidence to come out of it,\" he added."
"I've played with that, a couple of times in my career and I have come back and I'm very happy and excited to be back."
"The SNP leader, who is seeking the party's first election since 2010, has said he would go on campaigning for the party's \"independence \"in the 2017 assembly election."
"\"I want to say thank you to everyone who's been with me over the last few years,\" he said."
"He is not going to sit back and wait for the next test, which I think will be a lot more difficult to deal with."
"The school has responded by letting me use a cell phone and the little guy can also see me through walls and windows."
"But at the same time, I don't think there is a bad reason for why the chancellor, when he is campaigning, will say something like, \"I don't want to see Brexit."
"The findings, from a survey of around 3, 000 UK adults, suggest that people who have used cannabis more often are also less likely to develop depression."
"It's a good thing that the researchers got their hands on this stuff, because it's worth the effort."
"It's a big year for the club and a big part of my future, so I will be looking for a good contract."
"I have been looking forward to the last two weeks to go out and play and play and play well and play well, but that is a different challenge this weekend and hopefully we can find a balance."
"The winning ticket would be donated to the university's post- college education program and, if the ticket is sold, could be used by students and parents."
"The group is now also working to build a more diverse campus with a larger number of students and an experienced staff."
"In a statement, a spokesman for the European Union's border agency for asylum- seekers said it was clear that \"very few \"were arriving."
"\"This is the first time that we have had two teams that went to the playoffs and were upset,\" he said."
"It is the first time he has been caught using a service like that in a foreign country."
"If you do get a warning to stay away from the area, it may be the time to change your strategy."
"The couple have struggled with their finances since their first child, with their mortgage payment on their home down to \u00a3 17, 000."
"The best way to help her is to look after her, as a man is always going to have a couple of women around him."
"We were told this would be a way to delay the labour of a migrant who arrived in the UK in the summer of 2014."
"The government wants to make it easier for those who pay the least for health care to get it free of charge."
"This was a potential major problem for the future of the relationship, and my own family and I were very angry."
"They don't even know the existence or the source of the funds, and they can never be sure that they will ever find out the truth."
"He will now make his way back to the drawing board as a member of the new Premier League club, Leicester City."
"It's probably going to be a few more years before we get this agreement and I don't know how many more years we're going to have to wait."
"When you don't get the opportunities to go for that much, you don't necessarily have that opportunity."
"\"If I had known about the earlier reports, I would not have expected to see such a thing,\" he said."
"The fourth quarter of 2015 ended in a strong performance, hitting a peak of $ 35. 6 billion in sales."
"I think this is the first time in my career that I've done something that was so big for me and it's really helped me get where I am."
"The former minister said he has \"never seen anything like it \"in which the leaders of the two parties were locked out of the presidential election."
"There are limits on what you can be and can't do, but we're here to say that when it comes to fighting crime, we're here to help."
"We've had a few amazing campaigns, but what has helped is what we've been able to show off at a holiday party."
"And the Fed's interest rate increase will make it harder for China to raise money, which would put pressure on the U. S. economy, the Fed said."
"\"We haven't reached agreement yet but we're working on that,\" he said."
"But it's also possible that the research hasn't shown that men are as affected as women are."
"At the end of the day, it is not about you, it's about the game, and the fans."
"\"We're in a very good place, and if anything, I can't wait to see what the team can do to get the crowd into the game,\" he said."
"And if you're a good tennis player, you're going to get involved in the game, and if you're not, you can put yourself in a very bad position."
"This week the business has sold a number of vehicles, including a pair of coupes, for less than \u00a3 200."
"The proposals are for local governments to be able to set up a scheme to cover the cost of private insurance from the NHS."
"We have to get it right in the playoffs, we have to get it right in the first round."
"The report said the movement of people into the labour market had not been affected, with only 12% of those aged 18 to 24 who were employed at the start of 2015 or earlier in the year moving into employment."
"In a meeting with the House speaker, he said that the two Democrats are focused on the budget ; that he is continuing to listen to them."
"\"The European Union is a rich and complex organisation and any agreement we can make with it will require a very high level of cooperation,\" he said."
"It is currently being used by \"new faces \"for the \"new season,\" a result that also means the reality of the competition will be more different."
"\"I'm looking at all the ways I can help the kids in the community,\" said the school's principal, Mary."
"I've just been looking at the last few days and this is the most important week so I can enjoy myself."
"But he added:'I know this is a special moment for me and I will keep working as hard as I possibly can to win and my family will be there for me."
"We're all for that, but we're not always like that, you know?"
"If you are a white, male, male, straight white male, you are the enemy and I'm the enemy too, I just don't want that to happen."
"I'll go to the Department of Health, which has already got the information and I'll go to my department head, who is now going to be working with my department head."
"\"If you look at the schedule you can see I'm in with a team on a long weekend,\" Fisher said."
"You may not like him, but you can't let anyone tell you you are either not good or not good enough."
"\"I'm pretty sure that the Obama administration will follow what is going on,\" he said."
"\"We have got to make sure we get it right for the squad and try and go at the best possible time,\" he said."
"I felt it was something I was missing in life and after that, I just wasn't able to get it out."
"We are not happy that the amount of time they spend in a relationship is long- term and we don't want to be that."
"And if you get your foot in the door, it won't work, and it won't be ready when you leave."
"The father of two said:'I've always wanted to be a doctor, I've been doing that since I was a kid."
"What's happening in your body is affecting the way you eat, how you sleep, your training, how you exercise."
"\"We have to be careful that it does not get into the hands of people who know what they're doing and want to help,\" he added."
"In our view the government should provide full access to the data on all those who get unemployment benefits for more than four weeks."
"The partnership was announced in August, but it's not clear if it will be applied until late September."
"\"He's pretty good, the game is one he can play, and that's what he's playing,\" he said."
"The young man's mother said she was concerned for his safety and it was her job to help him find the man who broke into his house."
"\"When you're looking for your first mortgage, you look at the last three years,\" she said."
"The person, who didn't wish to be named, said:'It was just a busy day at work and it took a bit of time to get back."
"It's a very difficult position to play for but you've got to be sure that you're going to get to the right one."
"\"There's so many women who have done all sorts of extraordinary things to change the world,\" he says, \"and they've been quite successful."
"In the end, the Spurs were able to secure a 17- 12 victory in overtime, which put them back in the hunt for the NBA's No."
"We could have a strong team, a very good starting three, but I think we needed a bit of stability to get that right."
"In the last few days, we have been seeing a lot of negative comments, but there's still a lot of good work being done."
"I think it's important to get them up to speed on what is going on with the system and the team."
"In other words, if you don't want to go to college, then you shouldn't be studying at all."
"At the same time, there's a lot of pressure to be better than what we're getting from the outside."
"You'll see some really aggressive guys and some guys who have been there before and we've just got to keep playing like that."
"In short, if you're going to stand up for what's right, you can't let that happen."
"The second week in February, the court heard that she was approached by one of the men at the scene in front of her apartment."
"I don't know that this is a priority for him, he's a great player and the goals will come, but he'll miss a lot of the game."
"When you get a free pass, sometimes you can't beat them if you try to do it in a team setting."
"I guess I've got to get out there and show some love to the fans and see if I can turn them off."
"I'm not sure how it would be different if he had to keep it to himself, but I think he's still got a long way to go."
"\"We're going to have to sit down with our partners, our colleagues and our American partners and look at what's going on with our children's health,\" he said."
"On the other hand, if the student is not in the senior group, the school has to pay the fees."
"The warning came after a series of local and state governments issued guidance to help residents avoid certain types of contact."
"The government had said that it would bring in a \"full- time workforce \"of up to 100 people by the end of the year."
"It's not just the usual stories of loss, but of a life changing encounter with loss itself."
"The club had a small amount of cash to spend but in 2013, they announced a \u00a3 15- a- week offer of coaching."
"The guy who once said he loved me, I was such a great person."
"\"I don't know how many people that have met him that have found out about his family,\" she said."
"I don't think the world will be a better place if we don't allow the Syrian people to go to school."
"\"I can't understand why there's a delay, not even a minute,\" she said."
"If he'd been with the club for 12 months he'd be in a different situation to what he was going through now."
"So I don't think it was a problem because I've been here for a long time, but it's a problem because people don't want to go."
"For instance, they may take a group of patients over a long period of time and give them the treatment they want."
"The Government wants to make sure the safety of our people, our schools and our environment are protected and we must also protect the environment."
"She was at a hospital in Paris in October when her son, a year and a half old, fell and died."
"\"It's not an easy decision, but I want to be clear about that,\" she said."
"I've done my best to get it in front of the eye, but it's a bit hard to get it in front of the eye in a game like this one."
"But it's better to learn from mistakes, as most people do when their code isn't working properly."
"\"We are working on a number of things, including a decision to build a high- speed train, the construction of the new facility and a whole lot more,\" he said."
"We haven't had a chance to speak to anybody that might have seen it, but we've been listening to what we can and we're going to be talking to anybody."
"The prime minister's spokesman said the government is in discussions with officials in the industry to establish a new, lower limit, based on the minister's assessment."
"The movie \"came out in a very limited time, and I think we have really enjoyed it,\" says one fan."
"The data also suggest the central bank may have to cut interest rates to protect its money supply."
"And what a little bit of experience I had when I was a kid... which I have now with my career and my first opportunity to play for the first team."
"The report also says a third of the people who say they are in a similar situation are not from the UK."
"The mayor has a record of making tough decisions, but what he didn't know is that there was a bigger problem."
"\"There's no way I'd want to talk to my children and I'd be a disaster,\" he said."
"The \"ambitious \"scheme has yet to be adopted in France, and it is up to local councils to decide whether the initiative will be implemented."
"\"I think this is a big challenge, but we are at a point now where we know what we need to do in order to do that,\" he said."
"She said: \"The UK will continue to contribute to the EU's strategy on global trade and migration, and will take part in any talks with other EU member states."
"I've been doing this for years now, and I didn't know anyone in the UK or abroad who would be willing to help."
"He's become a popular figure in the New York area, and he hasn't lost hope of making a run for it."
"\"I'm not going to say that Hillary Clinton will be a better president than Donald Trump,\" Trump said of the Democrat."
"It's a group that's won three games and has never lost more than once in the last 12 months."
"The fact that this group is made up of people who work closely with the people who serve them, and we're not, you know, encouraging them."
"He added: \"When I got out of the car, I was very upset, but the first thing I saw was a camera."
"The man was walking along a busy street near the border and had just stopped to let people into his car."
"When I was going through the process, I was nervous that I was going to be down for 15 minutes and then I got up."
"\"It's not like the previous couple of years when we were having a lot of conversations and he'd say something and I'd just say I like you,\" she says."
"\"I think the last three weeks have been a great learning experience, and I really want to thank all of my teammates for the support they have given me over the years,\" Jones said."
"The Democratic presidential candidate's victory in the South Carolina primary was a big win for Clinton, with more than 2. 6 million votes cast."
"I think he will be able to play very well, but I don't think he will be able to play the way he's used to playing, which is the way he's played."
"The black market, which is carried out in the black market by large companies, is not illegal, but it can be taken advantage of."
"It's also the first time that the City of London has hosted a new European Championship game since 1998, and the most recent attempt to do so in the Netherlands."
"\"I think the competition is going to be very strong for us and I believe we have a really good squad,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, the clubs are very, very disappointed because we didn't play with the same intensity,\" he said."
"He also scored four goals in his last six games for the club, including a hat- trick in the 3- 0 win at the start of the season."
"But as I said before, it was a loss, and they didn't win a game that way."
"We need to be more careful about things like the position of leadership of the union in terms of what we say about it."
"More than 80 per cent of patients with depression have at least one drug that can help them keep their lives together."
"\"We are so very excited about the opportunity to become part of the Olympic team and we look forward to working with the Australian and international teams,\" he said."
"The EU is so concerned about the UK's standing in the world that it has launched a \"Brexit Watch \"a campaign to send British citizens back to their home countries."
"The state economy grew by 1. 7% in the year to October, the second straight monthly increase, the labor department said on Friday."
"I'll be very, very careful what I say, because I think it's probably a negative thing to say."
"The latest survey also found that young people now have the highest rates of substance use in the world- at 44 per cent."
"On Thursday, he revealed he will spend time with his daughters, a few months after the divorce is announced, while also travelling on a holiday to Paris."
"\"We are not a second- class business and we will not pay any higher taxes,\" he said."
"It's not good, but it was good, and I thought I would make it better with the rest of the week."
"I would say that it's probably not a bad thing to try and get somebody over the top and be a success for everybody."
"The announcement came after a series of incidents involving the Tory leader and other senior figures in the past few days."
"With the United States having declared war in Iraq and Syria, many worried that U. S.- led airstrikes could hurt ISIS."
"It's also the first time in the history of the club that a player has missed an important game in the same season."
"In a show of strength, he added, \"I had one piece of paper with me that I could sign, and if I couldn't sign, I could be a citizen of another country."
"\"I really thought about my daughter and decided to make this film because I knew it would be great for them to share with me,\" she said."
"The problem, of course, is that the largest number of families who are paying more than their share of the cost of living has never experienced a housing crisis."
"I think it's great that we're here to celebrate, but I also don't think it's a big deal."
"She was fined $ 5, 000 by the city for what she called the use of a cell phone to record her phone conversations without her consent."
"That makes it the biggest risk- taking thing I've ever done, and I'm pretty sure I'll be doing it again."
"A new report from the Department of Health and the NHS has found that it is almost as likely that a pregnant woman is receiving all the medication she needs than that of her partner."
"The commission has argued that it is essential that any reforms are not driven by a political agenda, rather than the interests of the parties themselves."
"\"It is true that my wife, my brother and I have no money,\" he said, adding that he could not afford to miss a show."
"You would see a lot of people who have a vision of what it's going to look like, and they're going to want to build something."
"But she added:'There is a possibility that the man may have been known to me but has not been mentioned in any of the interviews I have done."
"One of the main reasons I have this view is that if we can't see, then it doesn't matter how much money we make."
"He was due to appear at a hearing on Thursday, but the day before he was due to have an interview."
"\"I would have to wait until the end of the day to see how she would respond to the bill, but I'm still going to have to pay attention to it,\" she said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing,\" she said of the \"ladies club \"experience."
"There are so many people that are desperate for something to eat, so you know you need a lot of food to survive."
"Trump's comments come as he faces intense criticism from Republicans, including from former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, who accused Trump of lying when he told the story on ABC's \"This Week \"that he would have signed the bill."
"At the same time, it's more clear that a Democratic presidential candidate will have to win the support of white voters, the younger group, that Trump made clear in his rhetoric."
"It is not clear, however, how many people the record will be released with, as there are no official figures."
"\"I want to help people understand that this is an opportunity for the state to take action, to get people to have a greater say in their local government,\" he said."
"But the Home Office said it was not doing enough to stop families from being caught up in the problem and so it would not let them in."
"The most important thing to do is to come into the game and play like this and that's what we're going to do."
"It's a wonderful thing to be able to do with your family, and we don't think that'll happen again, even if the money was a little bit better off."
"He was used to receiving and studying a lot, and it took me a while to get used to him, even when I was in college."
"In other words, we don't have the luxury of knowing how many people are eligible to vote in any given state."
"The group's latest revenue came from a $ 2. 4 million profit in 2015, more than double the company's earnings in 2014."
"He said:'She was with me at the time and I just kept saying'She's crazy'and she didn't seem to understand."
"The report did not say whether the deaths had to do with the gun controls introduced by the Obama administration in December, a month before the election."
"In 2014, a New Hampshire poll showed that Clinton received more votes from women voters than Trump received from men."
"The company's stock rose more than 4 percent to $ 18. 46 on Friday after Apple shares fell nearly 5 percent to $ 23. 29 in early trading."
"The free- to- air network, which has been set up as a \"consumer initiative \"in the wake of the Brexit vote, has a global reach of nearly 20 million people."
"That said, it's important that we know where we are at with what we're doing and what the future holds."
"He added:'I've had a lot of criticism from people who say this is the only way to go."
"The French official also told CNN that the people who are fleeing from Syria are being offered jobs in France."
"The new tax rules will be announced next month, and as part of this you will be able to file a claim for the entire amount."
"I was surprised at the level of pressure coming out of the bench, I wasn't expecting it to be the same."
"At first they didn't believe it, but they saw it as proof of the need for government action."
"The big man in my opinion has lost his mind because he thinks he's being made a better man, he just can't believe what he's done."
"But she's got to know it as soon as possible, she said, so she's determined to go out there and prove it."
"\"We have an older population, we don't have the money and we don't have the resources to make it happen,\" he says."
"\"I know the people that are working to make sure that everybody's moving in and out,\" he said."
"The Labour leader will not be able to lead this election campaign as he is not in a position to actually form government."
"So what we're trying to do is build on the progress that we've made over the last few years, and we're looking to be a much more solid foundation."
"The 32- year- old is due to serve a prison sentence for a string of sex offences involving young girls in the 1990s."
"If we were going to go out on our own and have a fight, why wouldn't we go out on our own, but then go in with someone else's money?"
"But you have got to think about the bigger picture and there are not many things you can do that you can control when you are out of the game."
"\"I've always been an inspiration to this team and the one thing that's always going to be an inspiration to me is being able to win games and scoring goals,\" he said."
"\"The men of the ISIS \"family have told me they feel they have found a way out of this,\" he said."
"'We have a thousand problems with people coming to us saying they're not welcome here,' he said."
"However, it is clear that the SNP's recent decision to cut taxes by a third is an attempt to counter the Labour \"preferred \"pay to go campaign."
"A French presidential jury has convicted a former football star of murder after finding his brother guilty of drug dealing and other offences."
"I have not been able to do anything to help the people I am trying to help but I am happy to do it."
"I'm going to ask her if she thinks the way she looks is good for her, and she knows she's got to be different."
"I don't know about the eight or nine or 10- year- olds who won't be here, but they are here."
"It's only a matter of time before this information becomes public, and all parties involved must be informed."
"\"It's really good for me, I'm so excited about it, and I know I'm in the UK,\" he said."
"\"It's just a race of eight people, I don't know about that, there are only eight races in the world, so you've got a good chance of winning,\" she said."
"It was a \"hard situation to get through,\" he said in an interview with BBC Radio 4's Today programme."
"I don't know about you, but I have a few friends in the game and I thought he'd be a little bit different."
"This isn't something he is going to try to do, but I think he can be very effective as an offensive player in this league."
"The pressure of being sacked after only one game in which you played really well, and then being sacked for the second game, I don't think you get."
"I am not a medical professional, I have never had a heart attack, and I am not taking a risk on anything."
"The game is a good reminder of just how good the Australian team can be at the highest level of cricket."
"The results showed that while 23 per cent of adults in the study took part in the exercise program, just 17 per cent did it with a doctor's consent."
"\"I think they're going to be careful because they're all just part of the same thing,\" she said."
"That's how we used to talk to each other, about games and football and football that we've had together."
"But the case is not over, and we will be continuing to look at the possibility of more potential cases."
"\"I have not heard from him or the club yet but I hope he will come back,\" he said."
"\"We're a \"real \"international team that put this team in the game, and it's an experience that we want to build on,\" says Allen."
"The agency has warned that the problem could lead to up to 100, 000 more cases of the virus in Britain alone, affecting 1. 6 million people, which will be a \"significant \"threat."
"The pair have a huge history with both leaders, having a close relationship and having developed a strong bond over the years."
"\"The reality is that in the early years, it took some time to get your own private space, so I did that,\" he said."
"\"But I know it's a close call,\" said Mike Simpson, a board member at the federal government's counter- terrorism office."
"What happened in the first three games is going to be important to us, and it's going to take time for us to get to where we need to be."
"The research was carried out in 2014, 2015 and 2016 but the company says it expects to develop an additional vaccine by the end of the year."
"There was a huge amount of news in this election year, and the focus on Trump was on the issues that matter to our country."
"And that's why we are encouraging more of the city's 16, 000 residents to come to our new center."
"When I was four years old I went to the church for a group service in a small town in Poland."
"The challenge for me was not to finish and finish strong, but to be honest, I feel like I've just come into a corner and I've just lost my balance."
"The N. C. A. A. R. C. would be able to do this on a case- by- case basis, in the absence of a full- scale resolution."
"But it's clear that this is a matter that affects all of us and it's not just the poor."
"The government is looking to increase the number of flights over the capital's central airport- an approach that has been criticised by the Transport Department."
"\"It was my dream job to get the chance to play in the Olympics and I'm really looking forward to doing so,\" he said."
"I thought the parents had lost hope in the future when they found out they were a Muslim woman who had been raised as a Christian."
"She was also jailed for eight years after she tried to commit suicide by driving into a tree and falling into it."
"They are hoping to raise $ 1, 000 in a few weeks and you can get in touch with them by email."
"The man also spent time in jail, along with three others, on a separate charge of attempted murder."
"The attack occurred at around 4 p. m. in a house in the 17th Street and 21st Street area."
"The incident happened around 4: 30 p. m. Saturday when a man with a gun approached the van and shot at it."
"She then tells him to leave it there until she sees her husband, a man in a dress standing by the door."
"The new owner told us that they would be taking a closer look at the house, and we are so proud of the work they do."
"The trade deficit with the EU has risen to more than \u00a3 3. 5 billion (about $ 4. 6 billion) a year from less than a third of the peak of \u20ac 4. 8 billion a year in 2014."
"The researchers say there is still a lot of work to do and it is likely to take a while to determine the long- term effects of this."
"A huge poll, conducted for The Sunday Times newspaper, shows that Mr. Trump's supporters are more confident about his economic message."
"There's a lot of love for the game, but there's also a lot of work and learning and trying to get the best out of players."
"\"They've played a couple of games and we feel like we have a chance to win those games,\" he added."
"\"If you think you've got a significant debt, I don't mind if I pay off that debt,\" he said."
"\"We have to build a real possibility for a return to the \"Super Bowl \"this season,\" he said."
"That is the kind of build- up that the NFL has been able to do on the game."
"\"I thought the female student was going to be too careful about what she said, but I didn't think it was a risk,\" she said."
"The very first line, when you think about it, you think, you know, I can't play tennis because I'm ill."
"\"The U. S. government is not doing its job in a democracy, and we have to work harder,\" he said."
"And so, I think a lot of people have been concerned that we are not going to see these kind of arrangements being made, and it is going to be hard."
"The same is true of the euro, which fell by 13. 4 per cent on Wednesday after a European Commission data protection decision, and is now back up by 12. 9 per cent."
"We also knew it was going to be a very hard game, but we knew we had to take care of the football."
"'I think it's important to keep in mind that there's no room for a free lunch."
"And the fact that the recovery in Australia was better than the recovery in the UK is a result of the fact that, overall, the recovery in the UK is better."
"\"When you're running a campaign, it's important to be as prepared as possible and very specific,\" she said."
"The new system, which is expected to take a year to run, will be designed to provide a range of emergency services across the country."
"The company will be offering its award- winning iPhone 7 for the first time, which is expected to be available at a later date."
"\"I didn't think it was going to be a good game for us, but I thought we played really good,\" Brown said."
"As we have mentioned before, my understanding is that we have two teams that have been very clear that they would not be voting for the Brexit Secretary."
"She says she would go to her mother's house in Florida and ask for her to go to work but that she would not."
"We don't know what happened, but at the time it was a very good match and we had a really good chance."
"The number of migrants arriving in Italy from Syria and Afghanistan has jumped from 15, 800 last year to nearly 20, 000, according to the European Commission."
"\"We're doing a lot of soul- searching at the moment, so we'll be focused on that as well,\" he says."
"I'm just lucky to have been able to reach out to her after such a difficult time and get her to come out to me."
"But the first report on how much schools pay for the local education system will be published in the autumn, ahead of the June 2014 general election."
"Police Scotland is investigating a collision between two people, including a woman who had a two- year- old baby in her car."
"She was a citizen of India, and one of many whose stories are told by her husband- she is often asked what her mother had done."
"The paper's story, published on Thursday, was the latest in a string of attacks in the run- up to the June 23 referendum."
"In a general election, Clinton is running against a woman who has consistently won the popular vote and beaten Sanders."
"The BBC asked its producers to explain their decision to pull the show, which was only shown in England, to keep audiences out."
"\"It's not clear that they have done any further damage to the vehicle and it's not clear whether it's a private vehicle or a public vehicle,\" he added."
"That's what we're doing, we're going to come in and try to win games."
"\"It is not a question of whether we can be great, it is about the quality of the games,\" he said."
"\"It's something we want to achieve, and hopefully it will be a success for the show,\" he said."
"\"We have a very strong possibility that a direct hit will hit this building,\" he said."
"One woman wrote:'I am a mom, but I am in a relationship with a guy. I am not a parent."
"It is not clear whether the Paris attack was connected to the attacks in France in November last year which killed 130 people, or if the Paris attacks have a different attack schedule."
"It's a lot more important than your job, but this year, I'm more excited to be here."
"The number of children in crisis homes has increased by 14 percent in the last three months alone- though only 6 percent of the children who were in crisis homes had access to healthcare and education."
"It is difficult, but we know we are in a good position to win, so we are going to try to get it done."
"It's part of the continuing civil war that has left an estimated one million people displaced, according to the United Nations."
"The chancellor has said that the UK should be part of a free trade zone, but not part of the single market."
"\"It was the most incredible thing that has happened in my life,\" he told CNN in an interview in February."
"The statement was signed by hundreds of MPs, who have called for the government to be held to account."
"He is also one of the country's most well- known politicians, having been a vice- presidential candidate in the 2008 Democratic presidential contest."
"There are now more than 2, 500 cases of Zika- related illness in the United States, and there are nearly 9, 000 cases of the virus in all, according to the World Health Organization."
"I'm sorry, but I've always been the same, always played the game the way I was playing, whether it was scoring goals or not."
"The video was posted on YouTube and has been viewed more than 2. 7 million times on Facebook."
"The first was the white American woman, who was born in China, then came to the US in the 1960s and started selling it."
"The vast majority of those that have lived in the country for over two decades have been tourists, with an estimated 16 million in the UK and 6. 5 million in Germany."
"It's a team sport and we can't put ourselves in that position where we're not competing."
"The issue is complex and it would be a terrible mistake for the Government to give it a false hope of success."
"The company's shares closed at $ 4. 25, down $ 2. 31 from their high of $ 4. 28 a year ago."
"It is going to be an intense game, but it's going to be one of the biggest games of the season."
"\"We're going to be spending a lot more, but I'm sure that's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The group launched its legal challenge last year, accusing the university of illegally blocking a video from a YouTube channel."
"\"I'm going to put all the effort and resources in to do the right thing,\" he said."
"I said to him, you know you should just stop it, but you know you can't tell the world you know you're going to die, you can't tell the world you're going to live."
"I'm told that when you have a child, you don't think of it as a race thing, and it's not."
"The picture of a new Celtic shirt has become iconic as a symbol of the club's wealth of success, and a reminder of the fantastic things Celtic can do on and off the field."
"He might just as easily be a group leader who tries to go the extra mile and ends up meeting the party leader in the street."
"We're always looking to add value and we're determined not only to stay competitive, but also to try and make sure our customers are pleased with our products."
"But my job is to make sure they are healthy, that they are comfortable in their own skin, that they're safe, and I'm going to try to make sure they are ready to play."
"She said: \"They have made us think we can't do anything about the situation and that's the main reason."
"In the end, it is a mistake to use him as a road map to the kind of power politics he wants to set."
"But the Scottish National Party, which had voted to remain in the EU, said it would not be accepting any changes to the tax arrangements of the UK."
"If you have a group of kids that is going to play sports, then if they don't have the same rights as the other kids, then they're not going to play sports."
"I thought I would be prepared to go down the road and run an emergency three- day run."
"He was a brilliant talent and I felt like I could do it for other guys that maybe didn't know him well."
"It was a mistake to ask a question that I didn't know what I was talking about,\" he said."
"But I think it's important that we listen to them and look at their perspective on the future, so we can make a better decision for them."
"It's pretty clear that, in some way, the next generation of people who go through it are going to be better off."
"\"I think there is a lot of [ money ] invested in this and I think this is a great idea,\" she said."
"\"As a doctor, you know that the majority (of doctors) are men and women, and so, what you see is the voice of the majority,\" he says."
"\"I don't like the fact that he is not going to the election,\" one woman said."
"If the future of climate science is anything to go by, it is not the science itself, but the huge amounts of data it holds."
"I don't know why it took him eight weeks to come in, but we were extremely pleased with his progress and his desire to play."
"I think we know what we're doing and that's what we're going to do until we get the score."
"I've just been watching the results and I'm hopeful that we can win and finish as a top team."
"I think it's good for them to be able to get it done, to know they can put it all together and get back to their normal level."
"The number of new cases of Zika is currently estimated at 35, 500, up from 4, 200 cases in 2014."
"\"If you're not a parent, your kids are going to want to have a cup of tea,\" she says."
"It's time for the politicians who have made the best of the last year to wake up and work out how they did it."
"It's a really good thing for the bottom line, because it's good for our families."
"The rest of the world has seen some of the worst economic growth in history, and it's the dollar that has lost the most."
"It is a good way to get people to go to a shop and buy something, so if you can't go to a store you can't go to a shop."
"In a World Cup draw with Argentina, United held possession but failed to shoot and the visitors eventually scored, which was their first goal."
"As a result, the number of migrants heading to Europe from Turkey is expected to increase, driven by a number of factors, including the European Union's decision to open its borders to migrants from Syria."
"We haven't had the same kind of run of results that we've had this year, so we're looking at a lot of different things."
"'But in this case, we will be working with the Chinese to bring them to justice,' the spokesman said."
"\"I didn't know what was going on when the book came out,\" he told me."
"\"For every kid who comes to a major league, they're going to be treated like second- class citizens,\" he said."
"The findings also suggest that if you are only using a single eye- treatment for one eye, you may not benefit the whole eye, which could lead to problems for other areas."
"\"As a result, the budget has become less efficient and less relevant to people's daily lives, which has made the machine increasingly difficult for both the public and the economy to function,\" he said."
"The number of children sleeping in the open is increasing every year- and the trend is likely to continue for the next decade."
"I think the best way to do it is to have a one- off meeting, and then you can switch to another one and see how it goes."
"Police said in a statement that the man was reported to have been sitting on the ground as the crash occurred."
"\"We have tried to keep these out of the public eye, but I would like to see them in public,\" he said."
"\"We are talking to the government to say, \"We can't give you any information that you have not already given us,\" or \"We cannot give you any information that you have not already given us \"or whatever the government says."
"\"The government's position is that we're not making it,\" said his spokesman, who spoke on the condition that the military not be identified."
"It's a time when you're not sure if you're going to be able to do your job if you have to come out."
"The most important thing we can do for the future of the country is to get our head on straight."
"'My parents and I were able to hold hands and talk to each other, which is great,' she said."
"He will continue to be the head of the club in the eyes of the game, and if he can continue to score goals, then that's what he will be looking to do."
"The Fed has agreed to raise rates for the first time in nearly a decade on July 2, and has begun its hike in October."
"The BBC said it was concerned about the \"mild danger \"the staff posed and that they were \"not at risk \"in the weather."
"The American people deserve a real and honest conversation about what really matters in the economy, and we need to hear it from our elected representatives."
"For example, it is expected that the minimum wage of \u00a3 10. 50 per week would be significantly higher than the national average."
"The department said it is working with police and intelligence agencies to help them with their investigation and are working with the Department of Education to help them."
"\"I think that the feeling in the eyes of a certain number of people is that they're on a level playing field,\" she said."
"You'd be right up there with a 70- year- old doctor and a 60- year- old lawyer and a 46- year- old."
"I'd like to think this will be the first time the Clinton campaign has been told that the candidate is not registered to vote."
"The question then becomes whether a market analyst can afford to let their voice be heard in a debate and, if so, what are the chances that they will stay in the race?"
"You're still young and you still have a lot of things to learn, but you've just got to come out of it and play like you did last year."
"I know what I'm doing, but I just have to give it to the kid that did it."
"If you want to go to the Olympics, you've got to come here with your family and family will come with you."
"While the group will be running a campaign to win back the support of the traditional black voting bloc, they have yet to produce a single candidate from the black community."
"The change comes after a number of MPs made it clear they would like to see a good Brexit deal between the UK and the European Union."
"The younger man also said that his friend had been attacked as he walked home from work, but he did not know why."
"I do have the perspective of the team and I know that the guys can change up, but I know they can play with anybody and I can't say I didn't appreciate that."
"\"We have a very close relationship with the President and I'm sure he'll continue to work closely with me,\" said Clinton."
"\"We're going to build a community here and a world class track here,\" said Roberts, who has not made a single appearance in the U. S. Open since 2009."
"\"The amount of attention to the cause is really big,\" said one employee who did not want to be named because of the ongoing investigation."
"\"A big part of my job is to get information out and make sure people are aware of the consequences of what they do,\" she said."
"I will be ready for this game, and I will be ready for every game in the league, so I just can't wait to play."
"It's been a period of really great growth for me and it's a great challenge to step into it and work with a team that's ready for me."
"He said that's where he wanted to do it, but said that if it was good enough for him to be voted in, he'd give it a go."
"The number of people diagnosed with dementia is now at a record low, falling from a record high of 1. 1 million in 2003 to a record low of 3. 9 million in 2015."
"We don't want to worry about the future- it's too important to us to worry about what's coming."
"She told me, \"I don't think there's anything wrong with me, but I don't know what I'm going to be like next year."
"It was not an easy job, but if you don't want to know the secret, do it in a way that makes it difficult for people to tell."
"If he had been born in Austria, he could have lived and worked here, he said, without even knowing it."
"This is an interesting idea, as I'm not an expert on \"hot\" places, so I'd rather see the findings from a pilot or a pilot and a pilot."
"As you can see, most of the time the volunteers make decisions to make a positive impact on the game."
"It was a good way to get back to my former life, to do it in a very friendly way and with my kids."
"It's just one of those things where you have to be careful with your options, and that's how we were doing it."
"The winner will be announced on the ballot paper by the end of the month and will be voted on by members of the public."
"With the budget deficit running close to its highest level since 2009, the Federal Reserve has not yet raised rates."
"When they finally get here, the first thing they will do is go out with a set of legs and go in with a club."
"There's no reason why this shouldn't be a talking point when Trump's full- time staff is seeking to make America great again."
"You can't just see the house burned to the ground and have people lose their lives trying to take it over, you have to feel like it's your home."
"I think the best thing for me is to just be patient and let the season go by without too much drama."
"When you have that injury, it is all about you, you want to be up there and playing like that."
"The federal government's announcement on Thursday that it was looking at a proposed change to the law will have no impact on the appeal process."
"In any case, you need to be able to recognize each of the four names on the list: Murphy, Bush, Clinton, Trump."
"I've been very clear that I want the best possible deal for our citizens, and that includes all the benefits that come from having a free- trade agreement."
"The whole thing was really a fun project- I always wanted to get back into film ; I was so excited when I was finished."
"To be sure, the risk of a terrorist attack is greater in areas with high levels of violence and terrorism."
"I would have preferred to have been in there long enough to know exactly where the ball is, and not do anything that might make it more difficult to play that way."
"I am not saying that I have an easy ride and in that situation I was just feeling pretty bad."
"'There is a lot of pressure around us, and it's affecting us all the way- and we need to do everything we can to make sure we don't lose out."
"The polls, conducted in the lead up to the referendum, showed a drop in opinion polls for the same- party candidates as people moved to their side."
"The first few days I was staying with her, I had been in a relationship for two years, I had been married for two years."
"In the past two years, the company has been hit by a $ 2. 6 billion (U. S.) loss in North America."
