"I don't know what it's like to be the first black person to be in a major league baseball team."
"And I'm a bit disappointed that he was not able to play at the weekend, but he has been a fantastic player."
"The deal, which is expected to be completed in the next few days, is the latest in a series of moves aimed at increasing the country's global reach."
"The team had been expecting a loss, but this one was a big one, so they did a good job of keeping it within the margin of error."
"The government has already agreed to pay $ 1. 4 billion to settle a class- action lawsuit over the abuse of student loans."
"\"It's the first time in my career I've played a game that I didn't score,\" he said."
"In a statement, the Welsh Government said: \"We are committed to supporting the Scottish Government's commitment to Scotland's strong ties with the EU."
"\"I'm a fan of the British Open and it's something that I'd like to see more of,\" he said."
"But in the last two years, the two- year- old has grown up to be one of the biggest threats to our nation's security."
"The U. S. State Department said it had not received any information that could indicate the incident could have been prevented."
"I'm not a big fan of the fact that we have a new president, but I am a big fan of the fact that we have a new president who has a chance to win."
"\"I've got to do everything I can to help the people of New Hampshire,\" Clinton said, adding that she would do everything in her power to help people who have been affected by the flooding."
"But I have been told by a lot of people that the reason I did this is because I was a Muslim."
"\"I think it was a good day to be honest with you, but it wasn't as good as I thought it would be,\" he said."
"It is a shame that he is still not getting the recognition he once was, because he's a really good player."
"It's the same in the UK, with the same percentage of the population as in the US, but it's different in the US."
"The team's top two players, who are both from the Netherlands, were due to play in the tournament."
"The so- called Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for a series of attacks in France and Belgium, including a Paris attack in which 130 people were killed."
"\"I think we're going to see more of the same,\" he added, noting that the Democratic primary is likely to be much closer than the GOP primary."
"He said: \"I'm not sure that it's going to be a problem, but I don't see it being an issue."
"But the way I see it, it's a question of whether we can continue to get the same kind of results."
"The issue of why it is so hard for women to get a job has been going on in the news for years."
"\"I don't want to do that again, because I know it will be a difficult game,\" he said."
"I think that's the reason I'm here, because I know I can do it and I know I can get the job done."
"If you are a doctor, you don't need to worry about what's going to happen to you."
"It's not a bad thing to be able to move around and I'm sure that's what he will be looking for."
"The French government has been trying to stem the flow of migrants and refugees into the country from the rest of Europe, where they are believed to be more common."
"\"The numbers are not as high as we would like, but I think they're better than we would like,\" he said."
"The president of the International Olympic Committee said that the Games would be a \"game in the future \"for women's sports."
"If we can get to the bottom of it, I think we're going to be a very good team."
"\"I'm not going to give up, I'm not going to give up,\" he said at the time."
"\"We need to be clear that we are not saying this will happen in the next few months,\" he said."
"It's not clear how many people have been killed, but the United Nations says at least 50 people have been killed and more than 200 injured."
"The average age of first- time buyers is 45, and a lot of people are looking for a home in the area."
"The world's biggest economy is on track to grow at a rate of about 2 percent a year, and the risks of the euro crisis are on full display."
"The other thing that makes it really hard for me to be a parent is the fact that I'm not allowed to have a child."
"We have a lot of good players, but we're not sure if he's going to be a good one."
"It is very rare for a British- born man to be on the same page as a woman in politics."
"The most important thing I've learned from this series is that you don't want to put your hands up and make things up."
"I think it's good for the players to be able to play at a high level, and I think it's good for the club to have a manager who understands the game."
"\"This is a situation where I can't just be here, I have to be here, I have to be here,\" he said."
"But this is not the first time that a high- profile attack has been brought to light in the past few days."
"The only thing I've had to do is to get it done in the right way, so it's a little bit more of a learning experience."
"We're all in this together, and we're all trying to figure out how we can get to the next level and win games."
"I think it's great to see a team like that come out and play like they did in the first game."
"The new policy will be implemented in the first half of 2017 and will be implemented across the UK, with a further six months of support for the first half of 2018."
"But the real- world experience is that we have to be able to be at the top of our game, and I think that's what we have to do."
"\"The point is, we are going to do what we have to do to try to win the league,\" said the England captain."
"It is not just a matter of playing a team game, it's a matter of playing in the Premier League, so I am happy to be here."
"We're going to have a lot of good games and it's going to be tough but we're going to have a good team."
"\"We have a lot of young people that are going to have to be trained in a different way,\" he said."
"But the main thing is to keep your mind on the ball, to get the ball in the right places to get the ball back in."
"A lot of times, the one thing that you can't do is be a racist, because it's not a race."
"I don't think it's a good idea to go into politics thinking you can't win."
"\"I'm going to tell you this, I'm going to tell you this,\" he said, before adding: \"I'm going to tell you what I think about Donald Trump."
"\"The only way to make a difference is to build a wall and build a wall,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to have a negative press because I'm not going to be the guy to pull the trigger on somebody,\" he said."
"The first thing he said to me was: \"You know, I don't know if you know what I do for a living."
"It is not known if the driver had a prior criminal record or if he was a passenger in a vehicle."
"The EU referendum campaign has been dominated by concerns about the impact of the UK leaving the EU on the UK's international trade relationship with the EU."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Monday morning and taken to a local police station for questioning."
"He said: \"I don't think I could have done it without the support of my family."
"I'm not sure what the best way of doing that is, but I think it's a very good way of doing it."
"It's not just about the money, it's about what you do, what you do on the field and what you do on the field for the team."
"\"I think that's what makes it special,\" he said, adding that the video was recorded at the request of his father."
"The decision to leave the EU is one which will be taken by the British government next month, a source close to the Prime Minister has said."
"In a speech to the UN General Assembly last year, Mr Cameron said the UK was \"not a member of any EU bloc \"and the EU was not a member of the single market."
"\"We have a lot of people who are very interested in the city and have been here for a long time,\" he said."
"In a separate interview with The Daily Telegraph, the former mayor said he had \"never felt more at home \"in London."
"The following year, the company announced it was moving its headquarters to a new facility in San Francisco."
"I'm not saying that the vast majority of people are going to be affected by the changes, but I do think there are going to be some areas where it will be a little bit more difficult."
"The EU has already stepped up its efforts to stem the flow of migrants to the UK, which has been criticised for failing to take in enough."
"The company said it was confident it would get a good deal on the deal, which will be up for approval by the government."
"I didn't know what to expect from him, but I'm not going to lie, I was expecting him to be a big hit."
"I'm just trying to work through it and try to get the best out of it and hopefully I can do that in the next few weeks."
"He said he would not be able to make the trip to the U. S. for treatment because he had to travel from Turkey to the U. S. from the Greek islands."
"I am proud to be part of a team that I have helped build over the last few years and I will be proud to be part of that team again."
"The British prime minister, David Cameron, has repeatedly insisted that the UK will not leave the EU if it is not able to control immigration."
"I think the more the public and the media understand what happened, the more they understand that this is not a joke."
"If you can't get a job, you might as well take a break, because you'll be back in the next few days."
"I'm not saying I'm going to go back to school, but I'm not going to go to a school that I'm not going to be a part of."
"I'm very lucky to have the opportunity, but it's a big opportunity for me to play here and hopefully get a chance to play here."
"But the most important thing is that we get a good idea of what we're doing and then we can start thinking about what we're doing."
"It is a matter of concern for the United States and Russia, as well as for the wider international community, that the Russian airstrikes in Syria are being used as a weapon of mass destruction."
"The centre has been closed since last year after a dispute with a group of workers who said they could not attend."
"It's not just the fact that he's the only one who has a real chance of winning ; he's the only one who has a real chance of winning."
"The money will be used to pay for the construction of a new hospital in the city and is expected to be paid for by the state."
"The fact that I have to put myself in the shoes of the boys is something I will never forget."
"It's the kind of thing that you want to see happen in a show, even if it's just a few hours long."
"It's a huge challenge and we can't be too careful about it, but we will try and keep it under control."
"The U. S. has been working closely with Saudi Arabia on the issue, which has been linked to the Sept."
"It's been a tough couple of weeks but it's good to be back in the Premier League and hopefully I can continue to be part of that."
"I've been a little bit more involved in the game this year, and I think it's been a good start."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken into custody on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was released on bail."
"And we have to make sure we are building a strong economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top."
"But the potential is there for a lot of people to come in and help us get back to where we are."
"The problem is, the only way to get the best of the best is to have a lot of different teams, so that's not the same as winning."
"The company has had a number of complaints about the conditions of its workers, including the lack of paid sick leave."
"He's got to play the way he's playing tonight and he's got to play a different way, and that's what we're going to see."
"The US has been in talks with Turkey about its position in the Syrian conflict, but the Turkish government has not yet taken a position."
"\"There are some people who are not on this team, but I think there are some people who are on this team,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's appropriate for a candidate to have a question and answer session,\" she said."
"It's the sort of thing that only a lot of people would do, but it's something that we've been working on and we've got to be careful about."
"We have a real problem and that is that we have a culture that has failed to recognise that a child needs to be taken seriously."
"The most important thing is to make sure that you're not getting caught up in the drama of the day."
"He said: \"I would have been very happy to have had a conversation with the manager about it, but I think it's the best thing for us to do."
"But the national government has not given an official explanation for why the government has not used the process to bring cases against the banks."
"It is not the first time a man has been accused of causing a child to lose his balance, but it is the first time the court has heard that he was a child's father."
"I think we're a better team than we were last year and we're a better team than we were last year and we're a better team than we were last year, so it's important to make the right decisions."
"The first time I met him he was in his early 20s, he was a bit of a kid and he was just coming from the school."
"I was surprised to find out that a lot of people were actually working for me, and that they didn't know who I was."
"I think it's a good thing that the people who are involved have their own ideas, but the government is not."
"It's a good feeling to be able to say,' I'm not going to give you a ride,' and you've done it."
"He said: \"If you look at the data, we've been really good in terms of the number of people who have been infected with the virus."
"It's a bit of a stretch to say that we're going to be better than we are here."
"The court heard the mother- of- three had been left in the car after the collision, which took place in the early hours of Thursday morning."
"I know that he's got a lot of work to do but I don't think he's going to be a quarterback for us."
"He has a reputation as a guy who has to get the ball in his hands and that's a big part of his game."
"We have to be honest, if we don't have the right people in place we don't have the right leadership."
"The government's plan is to make the entire country pay for the cost of the project, which is estimated to be worth around $ 4 billion."
"The idea is that the first time you meet someone you meet in person you're going to have a better understanding of their personality and the person you meet in person."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 17. 72 in morning trading on Wednesday, after a slow start."
"\"We are not going to let them down, we are going to try and win the game,\" said Hamilton."
"The majority of voters in the poll are in the 18- to 29- year- olds age group, with older voters voting in favor of a Clinton presidency."
"The researchers found that the two- year study was \"very effective \"in helping to reduce the risk of dementia in young people by 25 years of age."
"But he added that the company had done a \"very good job \"over the years of making sure customers were able to access it on a mobile phone."
"\"We are not going to go down without a fight,\" he said in a statement released by the Kurdish party."
"\"I am very grateful to the staff at the hospital who have helped us all through the day,\" she said."
"It is not clear if the man, who was not identified, was the driver, or if the vehicle had been used in a crash."
"The first two hours were all about making sure that you were getting the best possible deal in the end, and the third hour was about getting the best deal in the end."
"But I do know that we can have a great deal of confidence in the team and that's what I'm here for."
"They are more likely to have a disability, and are more likely to be homeless, more likely to be in poverty, and more likely to be in a substance- abuse program."
"\"I don't think it's a very good idea,\" she said of the plan, which she said would be a \"tough \"move."
"It's a great way to show that you're still on top of things, and that you're still able to do it."
"If you want to go to the Olympics, it's not going to be easy, but you're going to have to learn to trust yourself."
"The fact that I've had to move around a lot and I've had to deal with a lot of people is a big reason why I've had to go."
"I know there are people who say, \"We can't afford to pay for this. \"But we can afford to pay for it."
"\"I think the best thing I can do is give a speech, and I will give a speech in the next two years,\" he said."
"I don't know if it was because I'm not a fan of the first two or maybe it's just that I have to do something different."
"I don't think that's a bad idea, and I think that the reason I'm here is because I'm here to tell you that I don't care about money."
"He was suspended from his job with the club in October and has been in the squad since, having been involved in three matches this year."
"\"If you don't have a system of government, you have to have a free market,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be the one that takes away from him,\" said the 34- year- old."
"I have a lot of people that I've talked to that I think are still thinking about the idea of making a movie."
"The 22- year- old's mother is also understood to have been injured in the attack, and is now in hospital in a critical condition."
"\"I'm in a position where I can be very optimistic, and I don't think there is a case to be made for leaving the EU,\" he said."
"The couple have been together for nearly six months and have been married for four years, according to the court papers."
"The company is working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI to bring charges against the individuals involved."
"If they don't have a plan, then they will be in the same boat as the rest of the population."
"I've got a lot of people that are like, \"This guy is going to be a great coach,\" but I don't know him."
"It's a good thing for him to be able to go out there and play and see what he's got to offer."
"It's a massive difference, but it's the first time I've been able to do this in my life."
"\"If they do that, I don't know what will happen to them,\" she said."
"The government has been trying to shift the blame for the crisis from the EU to the Russians, and this is the case in the first two weeks."
"The company's shares rose 2 percent, or 0. 5 percent, in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"But the fact that the person in the middle is a man is a bit of a surprise, because he's a man."
"The UK is now the world's second largest economy after the US, with more than 4 million people working in the UK."
"There is a lot of people who want to do that and I think there is no reason why the government should not be doing it."
"The Department of Health said the number of deaths from the virus in the UK rose by 1. 4 million in the year to March 2016, compared with a rise of 4. 1 million in the year to March 2015."
"I'm a big fan of the old school, which is why I'm so excited about the new ones."
"\"I can't wait to see what she does next, she's such a great addition to the club and I'm really excited for her,\" he said."
"The move will mean the government will be able to run the scheme for another year, which would allow it to continue for another six months."
"The second part of the deal was to allow the government to continue to use its power to control the rules of the road."
"\"We are in a very bad position, we need to be on top of ourselves,\" said the 31- year- old."
"A lot of the time it's because you don't have to worry about that and you don't have to worry about the money."
"We can't afford to give up on the people who are going to be our future, and I'm not sure that's going to happen."
"I'm going to try and get the best out of him, but I don't know if he's going to go."
"The victim, who was a school bus driver, was treated at a hospital for a minor head injury."
"The number of people who have died from the virus in the past year is estimated to be in the tens of thousands, it is said."
"\"We're not going to make a deal that's going to be a disaster for the rest of the country,\" he said."
"The United States and its allies are also on high alert, as the Syrian regime and opposition groups advance on the rebel- held areas of the city."
"The UK is not the only EU country to be hit by the EU budget cuts, with the Netherlands and Italy also facing cuts."
"It's the only way I can get a job and I'm just trying to get in there and get a good deal."
"It's a shame he can't get a response from the Giants, because it's a tough job to play in a game like this."
"The tax system, which has been in place since the 19th century, is not just about the money you spend on a holiday, but also how you spend it."
"The program, which began in October, is part of a pilot project that is to be rolled out across the country."
"The company's shares fell as much as 9 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, the biggest drop since June."
"The biggest change was the introduction of a new platform, called the \"online museum \"which was launched on Tuesday, and is set to be launched in the coming months."
"The best way to get the most out of your credit card is to take advantage of a credit- card- free plan."
"The new data will be used by the Australian Federal Police to track the movements of migrants crossing the border from Libya to Australia."
"The campaign, which has been largely ignored by the media and politicians, is now being praised by the establishment for its aggressive anti- corruption campaign."
"\"The numbers of people who have been injured and who have not yet been found are very high,\" she said."
"The website says that the number of people who have left the UK for work in the past year is the lowest it has been since 2009."
"We need to go out and play football and I'm not going to go out and play and I'm not going to do it."
"\"We have to understand that if we don't do it, we're not going to do it,\" she said."
"The Scottish Government has said it will take a \"hard look \"at the proposal and is working with the Scottish Government to ensure the Scottish Government can do more to support the project."
"The fact that she is a woman and a woman in her own right is something that we don't have to worry about."
"But the main thing I had to do was get the boys to sit down and have a conversation about it."
"I've never been a fan of the idea of a club with a long history of bad players coming into the club."
"\"I have no doubt that the decision to leave the EU will have an impact on the UK's international trade,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he was really a gun owner, but I've never seen a gun anywhere,\" he told the crowd."
"If you're looking to get a good deal, there are no better options than the Premier League."
"\"It's not like you're going to be able to take the money from your bank account and you're not going to be able to buy it back,\" he said."
"We've been through a lot of stuff, but I don't think it's a major issue."
"\"I think we have to be a little bit careful, but I think that's what we're doing here,\" he said."
"\"I am not a big fan of the idea that the police are going to be there and do everything they can to protect us,\" she said."
"I think I'm a bit too old for the role and I'm not sure I'd be fit for it."
"The alleged victim, who is now aged 28, was a resident of the area and was not injured in the attack."
"The drug is also a good option for people suffering from depression, anxiety and other health problems, but it is not a safe drug."
"If you were to ask me a question that was not in the book, I would say, \"OK, I've got a problem."
"The policy has been put into place in order to ensure that the government does not take any decisions that are not in the public interest."
"\"The fact is, we can't have a referendum on the question of immigration,\" he said."
"I have a lot of friends who are working in the industry, and I have a lot of friends that are working in the industry, and I have a lot of friends that are working in the industry, and I'm a big fan of"
"I was really excited to be back in this group and it's such a great group and I'm really happy to be back."
"The pair have been spotted together on the same day and have spent the past two weeks together, according to reports."
"The president said he would not be surprised by the findings of the inquiry if it was not implemented."
"The average age of a woman in the top 10 is 41, compared with 37 for men, and 42 for women."
"The men were arrested in a police raid in a suburb of the city on Sunday, and were detained for two hours before being released."
"\"It's a very tough job, but I think we've got to keep working hard and trying to get better every week,\" he said."
"The reason is that they are a very good, very good team, and we're going to take them to the next level."
"The video was viewed by more than 4 million people and has been viewed more than 1. 5 million times on YouTube."
"We're going to be able to play better defense, we're going to be able to play better offense, and I think that's what we're going to win tonight."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think about it is the number of people who can't go to work, or go to school."
"It's the latest in a string of high- profile incidents involving police officers in recent years."
"I think it's a tough time for the NBA, because we're not going to be able to compete in this league."
"The state's tourism office said that the number of visitors from the Middle East and Africa to the UK rose by 1. 3 per cent last year."
"The biggest worry for the Republicans is the possibility of losing control of the House, where the Senate is also held."
"The government's response was to make it harder for women to get pregnant, and that meant that they had to pay more for insurance."
"It's a shame we're going to lose it because it's a great tournament, but we've got to win it."
"In a statement, the company said: \"The long- term vision for this project is to create an environment where people can be themselves and feel free to express themselves."
"\"I am not a lawyer, so if I can't speak to you, then I am not a lawyer,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players who are going to be really good in the next two weeks,\" he said."
"He told me he had a job in a factory and was paid a lot of money for it, but he didn't have any savings."
"The same thing is happening in the UK and Germany, where the rate of unemployment has risen by more than a third since the end of the financial crisis."
"It's a thing we don't want to see in the world of football, but we have to do something about it."
"But he has been linked to other victims and this is a case of how much they want to be with their families."
"\"I don't know if it's because I'm older, or if it's because I'm a little more competitive,\" he said."
"I've got to go out there and play a little bit of basketball and get my confidence back, and that's the main thing."
"But, as we have seen in the past, there is a lot of uncertainty and there is a lot of uncertainty in the market for the next few months."
"\"We're going to make it easier for people to get their insurance in and they'll be able to do it on their own,\" she said."
"We have to be ready to defend and we have to be ready to play in the second half and win the game."
"She added: \"I have no doubt that the police will be very, very concerned by the allegations and I am very concerned about the level of concern in the community."
"He also said he would be willing to sit down and talk to the president- elect if he is elected."
"The incident came just days after a U. S.- led coalition launched airstrikes against ISIS in northern Iraq, targeting a training camp for the militants there."
"It is not just about the outcome of a campaign, but how you do it, what you do, what you do and how you get the message out."
"In the first quarter of this year, Apple's revenue fell to $ 5. 48 billion, or 14 cents per share, from $ 5. 18 billion, or 12 cents per share, a year earlier."
"We are going to have to make sure we are in a position where we can win games against teams like Leicester and Liverpool."
"She said:'When I was a kid I was always scared because I didn't know what to do with myself."
"The average age of the women in the study was 29. 7 years, the researchers said, compared with 26. 1 years in men."
"I'm not going to stop until I get to a place where we're not going to be affected by this."
"\"I was very surprised by the amount of interest, but I'm not surprised by the amount of money being spent on me,\" he said."
"\"We're going to make sure that we can get the right people in place,\" she said, adding that the government was also working to find a solution."
"\"If you look at the situation in France, there is a lot of speculation,\" he said in a telephone interview."
"\"I have got a couple of ideas for what I would do in the future, but I don't know what I would do right now,\" he said."
"\"It's hard for me to get out of my comfort zone, but I'm grateful for what I've done,\" he said."
"The top six were: Jamie, Danny, Martin and Martin, who were all on the right side of the game."
"The information that the Fed will announce this week is only the first step of a much- needed process of making sure that the economy works for everyone."
"\"I want to give a big thank you to my friend, my great friend, my great friend,\" he said."
"\"If you are a parent or a friend of a child that has been affected, you can help them and help them understand what is going on,\" she said."
"It's a challenge for me to play that level of cricket but I'm really happy with the way I've played."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for me, but I'm going to try and make it better for my family,\" he said."
"The numbers are not entirely clear, but the latest figures show that the number of people using the app on a regular basis is up by about half since last year."
"We're trying to get the best out of the guys and we're trying to get the best out of the guys and we've got a good relationship."
"But the US has long been a close ally of Israel and has a long- standing relationship with it, and President Obama is a big supporter of Israel."
"\"The US is a great ally, and it is a long way away from having a nuclear weapon,\" he told the Guardian."
"The government's own research shows that people's emotional states are linked to their level of anxiety and depression."
"The film, which is based on the book by the same name, will be released on January 22, 2017."
"The 22- year- old, who was taken to hospital with serious injuries, was taken to a local hospital where he is being treated for non- life threatening injuries."
"\"I didn't know what to expect, I thought we were going to win, but I've got to say I'm really pleased,\" he said."
"\"The way we've been playing, it's been a little bit of a shock to the fans,\" he said."
"I think they're the ones that are going to make the most of it and hopefully we can get them in the mix."
"A female police officer was shot in the back of the head and wounded in a shooting outside a local bar, police said."
"In the end, he decided to make it his life's work to learn about the world and the people he met."
"The Labour leader said he hoped the new leader would be \"more positive \"about the impact of Brexit."
"The government has pledged to bring down the cost of the deal, which is expected to cost between $ 6 billion and $ 10 billion."
"The primary will be held in January, with the party's leaders expected to announce the winner on Tuesday."
"The study found that men who had sex with men were less likely to have sex with women, and those who did not have sex with men were less likely to have sex with women."
"It's a very good thing that I'm not involved in the game and I don't know what happened."
"But I'm a little bit disappointed because I've got a lot of confidence in him and I know he's got a good chance to be here."
"The UK's largest retailer has warned that it is not likely to be able to cope with the number of people coming to the country."
"I'm sure the players would have been disappointed with that but we did what we did, we were the best team in the game."
"\"We have a responsibility to ensure that the best possible care is provided, and that everyone is treated with respect,\" she said."
"\"We're going to be working with the administration to find out what's going on,\" the official said."
"The U. S. and South Korea have also expressed concerns about North Korea's nuclear weapons program and the threat of a nuclear- arm test."
"In the past year, the company's revenue increased by 4% to $ 21. 7 billion, or $ 1. 7 billion, from $ 21. 6 billion in 2015."
"We will always try to be the best we can be and we will be better than we were last year and we will be better than we were last year."
"The women's team, which finished second in the group, was led by a veteran who had helped the team win two titles in a row."
"\"It was really good to get in a car and get out of the car and see the girls,\" he said."
"\"It's really important to get the right balance of the two, and I think we've got to make sure we get that balance right for the next four or five years,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"fully aware of the concerns \"about the results of the survey, and that it would take appropriate action."
"It's a good thing he's here, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's not the type of player that we would expect to be in the side."
"The worst thing I can do is say I want to see them in the hospital and have a little bit of fun."
"It's the first time a head coach has won a title in a season and it will be a great opportunity for us all to make a difference."
"He's been in the news a lot over the last few days, but it's a good thing he's back."
"\"It's something that has been a priority for me for the last few years, and I've got to do it,\" she said."
"\"We have to be careful not to say too much to the Russians,\" he said, adding that the US had already made a decision to increase its military presence in the region."
"\"I am not going to be surprised if the Republican nomination is not a success if Donald Trump becomes president,\" said Mr. Kasich."
"The best thing that could happen is that we could have a system that is more democratic, more open, and more open to all."
"They are a great team, they are a great group, they are a great group and we are going to be a strong team."
"The U. S. has said it will not accept Syrian refugees but the Syrian government has said it will take in more than 200, 000 refugees."
"The company's shares were down 2. 8 percent in early trading on Wednesday, after a loss of nearly $ 10 million in the first half of the year."
"He said that while he does not want to be \"the next president \"of the United States, he would like to be."
"The report also found that the average number of people who had been in the labor force for a month or more increased by 9. 7 percent."
"I think it's going to be very hard for them to get on a winning team because they've got a lot of injuries."
"\"I'm just going to make sure we're ready for a game and we're ready for the next one,\" he said."
"We have to make sure that we are in the top four and not just the last four."
"I know that you're going to have a hard time, but it's a feeling I've always been able to take."
"\"I think he's a great player, he's a great player, he's a great player,\" he said."
"They were told they would have to wait until the next day to receive a response, but that they could have a week to make their case."
"\"The job I had to do was to work for my country and the people of my country,\" Trump said in the interview."
"The two- hour- long flight was the first flight in the history of the Russian- led air war that began in Syria in March 2011."
"The Trump campaign is hoping to rally the support of African- Americans, who make up a small but growing portion of the electorate."
"The United Nations said in a statement on Thursday that it was \"deeply concerned \"about the incident."
"The reason for this is that in the past we have been in a relationship, but it is not the same."
"But the biggest challenge for the company is how to make sure it is able to compete with the likes of Amazon and Google."
"The most important thing to do is to be very careful about your behaviour, and don't get too caught up in it."
"They are expected to be able to take a walk in the park during the week and to enjoy the view from the upper part of the park."
"And I would like to think that the people of the United States of America, and all Americans, will be able to understand that."
"\"I think he was just a kid, he didn't know what he was doing,\" he said."
"The first lady said that she would be \"extremely grateful \"if Trump were elected president, adding that she would look forward to working with him."
"The man was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he died on Saturday afternoon."
"\"This was a hard decision, but we've got to take this time to make sure we have a plan in place,\" he said."
"\"We have to be able to get to the point where we're not going to have to worry about that,\" he said."
"\"I know that the people who are here today are not happy with the direction of the country,\" he said."
"And in a sign of the growing political importance of the issue, some European leaders have urged the UK to take a more active role in the EU."
"The government has so far refused to take action on the matter, despite an agreement from the EU to do so in March last year."
"And I think that's what makes me so great, because I can't go wrong with a good story."
"We are not going to go back to the same old boys and girls, but I am sure that we will see a lot of good things from them."
"The main issue for the government is the fact that it has not taken any action in response to the coup attempt."
"In a statement, the company said: \"We are pleased to announce that the world's first- class Super Bowl ticket has been delivered."
"The researchers also found that people who had a heart attack or stroke had a higher risk of dying from the disease, and those who had diabetes had a lower risk."
"\"It's not going to be easy, but it's going to be a pretty good season,\" he said."
"I was a little bit nervous, because I knew that if I wasn't playing well, I wouldn't be able to play."
"\"I've been in this position for a long time, and I've learned a lot,\" he said."
"The case is being investigated by the U. S. Department of Justice, the Justice Department's civil rights division, the U. S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the FBI."
"\"We're not going to stop at the border, we're going to make it easier for people to cross,\" he said."
"The president- elect's advisers have said they are working closely with the White House on a policy that would allow him to take a hands- on approach to national security."
"In a speech in New York City last month, he said: \"The fact that you have a vote is the single biggest thing that can change the world."
"The result is that most of the time, when the country is struggling, the people are not happy, but they are supporting the government in a positive way."
"We're not trying to put a limit on what we can do, but we're not going to make the same mistake we made in the past."
"But the question is whether the same is true of the work being done by the former prime minister and his successor."
"\"We are in a situation where we have to accept that we have to be honest with ourselves,\" he said."
"\"It's an opportunity to be a part of something bigger than ourselves,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a big deal, but there's a lot of people who don't like the fact that we're not here."
"I don't know what he's going to do, but he's going to go to work and he's going to do his job."
"He was also the first president in modern American history to be a woman, and he is also the first president in modern history to be a woman to be a doctor."
"We want to stay in the game and it is not easy to stay in the game when you are playing for a club like this."
"\"I don't know if it's a big deal or not, but it's something I want to be aware of,\" he said."
"The new England coach will have to work hard to get the right balance between attacking and defence, and it is a matter of what he does that will be the case."
"I don't know how I would get out of that, but I'm happy with my life now."
"We are now trying to get the best out of them and we will have to see if they are as good as we have been saying they are."
"\"I am disappointed, but I'm not going to go to the White House to tell people that I'm not a champion for women,\" she told The Washington Post."
"But it's not a case of not knowing what to do if you're not sure what to do, and then you start to go against it."
"The woman said she had been working with the men on a construction site and was not sure if they were the same ones who had attacked her."
"The woman, who was not identified, told officers she had a \"serious relationship \"with the man, who is believed to be a friend of the victim's."
"If you are a woman, you are not supposed to be able to work on your own and you have to work for your own benefit."
"The deal is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, although it will take several years to get to the point where it is fully implemented."
"\"I'm not going to say what I think, but I know what I think,\" she said."
"If you're a woman, it's not like you're talking about a person who has a body type."
"I was there for a year and a half, and I've never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 0. 9 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, while the S & P 500 index rose 0. 8 per cent."
"It was a mistake, I knew the whole time I was going to get a chance to do it, but I was so nervous."
"The latest figures show the number of people in the UK who are not employed fell by 0. 5 per cent in the 12 months to September."
"The United States and South Korea have said they will continue to monitor North Korea's nuclear program and are working closely with the U. S. and South Korea on the issue."
"The first thing we do when we're in the dressing room is to ask the players to come out and talk."
"There is a lot of work to be done, but we are excited about the opportunity for the two teams to meet in person and to see what they can achieve."
"It was the second- largest U. S. military base in Iraq, and it was the largest U. S. military base in Afghanistan, with about 100 troops."
"The problem is, there are still a lot of people who don't want to see that."
"\"We have seen the impact of the war on the health of the people and the environment,\" he said."
"The new rules will be put into place in consultation with industry and the government in due course, with the final decision being made at the end of April."
"The numbers are also expected to be higher for a second year in a row, which means that the number of people who could benefit from the scheme has increased."
"The fact that he was the only person to win the election in that race is a huge boost for the party, especially considering his performance."
"The city said it will also monitor the situation in the area, which is now home to about 200 people."
"The first of those is that we're in a very difficult period, but we've got a lot of good young players in the squad."
"The judge said the men were not armed, but said it was not clear how they were able to get into the building."
"He said he would have to look at the rules of the road to find out whether he would be able to afford the property."
"\"The risk of a terrorist attack is very high, and I don't want to give any more details,\" he said."
"The U. S. president, Barack Obama, on Monday called for a halt to the flow of migrants into Europe, and urged the EU to take in more refugees."
"He was the only player who was in the final four minutes of the second half, so he was good to go."
"It's hard to say what we're going to do about it, but I'm not going to let this happen to me."
"If you have to take a break, don't worry too much about your family's health, either, they are always at the top of their game."
"\"It's important to understand that the next president of the United States is going to be the next president of the United States, and that's not going to happen overnight,\" she said."
"The initiative comes after a number of MPs and peers said they were concerned about the impact the move would have on the NHS."
"The only way to stop them is to have a referendum on the constitution, but there is no one who can make a decision on that."
"He's not a good player, he's not a good defensive player, he's not a good player, he's not a good center forward."
"In fact, the more I think about it, the more I realize that it's not just a personal thing."
"\"It is not the first time a Syrian government missile has been launched against a military target in the past two years,\" he said."
"I think it's a really good thing to have an opportunity to see your own game and be able to work with someone like that, especially a young kid."
"But she said the number of people coming to the UK from the EU has risen by half since the referendum."
"But there are also a lot of things that we can learn from it, and that's really good."
"The man, who was not identified, was not injured in the incident and was not believed to have been drinking."
"\"I think the first couple of weeks of the year, I think it's a little bit more of a race,\" he said."
"I'm not sure why they would do that, but it's a lot of fun to play with your friends."
"It was not immediately clear whether the two men had been in contact with each other or if they had been having sex."
"The group has been targeting government agencies since at least 2012, when it launched a campaign to find a way to help victims of the drought."
"I just feel like it's a matter of time before the game is over and it's time to come back."
"The two men have been charged with one count of sexual activity with a child, one count of sexual activity with a child and one count of sexual activity with a child."
"The first thing I would do is get on the phone and say that I'm going to the funeral, and then I'd get on with it."
"\"I think the same thing could be said for the British pound,\" he said, adding that he was \"not at all surprised \"by the decision to pull out of the single market."
"\"I'm going to be going to work and I'm going to be staying at home, so I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"It's not just a matter of the number of shots, it's also about the quality of the shots,\" he said."
"The Syrian army's offensive in the city has killed more than 250, 000 people, according to the United Nations."
"But as far as I'm concerned, I'm not going to take any chances."
"And I know he's a very good football player, and I know he's going to be a good player in the future."
"\"The team's been doing a lot of research and we're really excited to have them,\" he said."
"\"I am not interested in the current political situation, it's just a matter of time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not saying I would have said it, but it's a tough position to be in,\" he said."
"I had a huge sense that if I went back in and didn't do it, I'd be in a different place."
"It's a good thing we're able to get them to do it now, and it's a good thing that we can get them to do it for us."
"But it's a different story in the Premier League, where the only league you can win is the Premier League."
"The government is also expected to announce a programme of measures to reduce the amount of carbon emissions from power plants, which would be cut by 20 per cent by 2020."
"\"I've been living in the house for about a year, and I've noticed that people are taking off their clothes,\" she said."
"The more we can learn from this experience and the more we can learn from what happened, it will be very interesting to see what happens."
"A man has been arrested after a man was allegedly stabbed in the back and a woman was also injured in a car crash."
"A majority of Labour members are opposed to the UK leaving the European Union, but there are also some who are pro- EU."
"If they are not able to give the truth, then they will be removed from the program and the government will have to make a decision."
"In the video, he can be heard saying: \"I'm not going to stop until you stop,\" before he is shot."
"The bank said it was not aware of any criminal charges and it was working with the police to identify the man."
"The first was a false alarm at a local hospital and a man who had been working on the roof was stabbed to death."
"I'm a big fan of the traditional approach to the league, which is to try and get as many games as possible."
"The Russian president also said he would be willing to consider military options to protect the country's borders from Islamic State militants."
"The business has struggled to keep up with the demand, and it is not clear if the impact on the economy will be felt as a result of the Brexit vote."
"He said:'I knew I had to get out of this business, I was too scared to go out, and it was too late."
"He said: \"We are making a case for the first time in history that the UK is a member of the European Union."
"I'm not sure what it's like to be on a plane, but I'm really happy for him."
"If you look at the top 10, you see that the gap between them is very small, and I think the gap between them and the top 10 is too small."
"The Fed's latest rate hike is the latest sign of the economic uncertainty that has hit the U. S. economy."
"It is a great thing to have a great team, but we are not a good enough team to compete with the best teams."
"The Government's policy is to look at how we get there, and it is not to be a one- size-fits- all."
"\"I've never met a black person, but I've met a lot of white people,\" she said."
"\"The first thing that happened is that I didn't know what I was doing and then I got a text message from my mum telling me I was going to be staying with my mum,\" he said."
"The three- year- old boy is believed to have been stabbed by two men in a flat in the city centre."
"It is estimated that the cost of housing and transport for more than two million people in Scotland is more than \u00a3 1 billion a year."
"The difference is that the share of people who say they are in a group is higher for men than for women."
"\"It's a very strong team and I think we're in a good position to be able to compete at the highest level,\" he said."
"I don't know if he's going to be here, but it's going to be a great night."
"I would like to think that he is the one who was trying to keep the pressure on, and not get the ball out of his hand."
"The trouble with the rule is that it doesn't apply to all people, and so you have to take care of a lot of people."
"The time is now, however, when the new rules will be rolled out and the government will have to make a decision."
"\"It's a shame that I'm not on the list but I'm just a great person,\" he said."
"The spokesman said: \"We have a policy to ensure that those who have been in contact with the victim are fully protected."
"\"We are already seeing that more and more people are being injured and dying, so I don't think there is any reason why it should be stopped,\" he said."
"The team is not only able to bring in new players, but also bring in experienced players, which is a big boost for the club."
"\"I think this is a very important thing to do and I don't want to go into too much detail,\" he said."
"The attack took place just days after a series of bombings claimed by the Islamic State in the city of Mosul killed more than 50 people."
"The one thing I always tell myself is that I want to be a better player, and I can't afford to be that."
"He was a great, hard- working guy who took his own life when he was young, and he's a good man, and I'm proud of him."
"The new rules will apply to the current \u00a3 200, 000- a- year minimum wage, and will be introduced next year."
"\"There are a lot of people who don't know what a Trump presidency would be like,\" he said."
"It is important to recognise that this is a very small group of people, and there are many others who have suffered as a result."
"The number of Americans who said they would vote for someone else in the general election is the highest since the 2008 election."
"The report, which was prepared by the State Department and was published by the Associated Press, was released last month in a joint statement from the State Department and the British government."
"I have been in a relationship for a year and I have never been in a relationship where I was really close with anyone."
"In a statement, the Department said: \"Our investigation is ongoing and we are confident the charges against her will not be brought against the driver."
"It's a very big game, and I'm not going to sit here and tell you I don't want to be in there."
"He also said he would be holding a \"very special \"tour of the state on Thursday, and would be meeting with local business leaders."
"\"We're not going to do it alone, we're going to do it with a group of people,\" he said."
"The reality is that in many of the states, the highest- paid employees are not in the service of the employer at all."
"\"We have to do everything we can to ensure the safety of our customers and staff, as well as the safety of those who are travelling in the area,\" he said."
"The court heard she had been raped by a man she had known since she was 15 and had been in a relationship for about a year."
"The world's third largest economy has been hit by a massive leak of state- run information that could prove fatal to its future."
"I think it's a good thing for the players, for the manager, the fans and the whole team, to know that they are going to have a good experience."
"It's not about the money, it's about the quality of the work and the quality of the product."
"The only thing I can say is that I don't want to be in the position of being forced to do anything because I have a choice."
"It's a bit of a stretch to say I don't want to play for the country, but I'm ready to do it."
"In a statement to The Independent, the company said: \"The new chair will be a strong advocate for the future of the business and will be a welcome addition to the team."
"It's been a long time coming, and it's been a long time since I've been on the road."
"The law, passed in the wake of a series of terror attacks in Paris, is a huge success for the state, which has already spent hundreds of millions of euros to fund the response."
"The report also revealed that more than one in five women in England and Wales has had sex with someone who is not their husband or partner."
"\"The government is going to have to address the issues that were raised by the public in the last election,\" he said."
"We are now at a point where we can have a debate about how we can protect our children from abuse, and that's the very important thing."
"The number of people who have been killed in terrorist attacks is increasing, and it is expected to continue to rise."
"He said:'It's been a rough couple of weeks, but I'm looking forward to the start of the new season."
"He's had to deal with a lot of people that he's not used to, but he's done it."
"I don't want to see another election like this, I don't want to see another election like this in which Hillary Clinton is the nominee and Donald Trump is the nominee."
"But the measure, passed last month, will require a vote of the U. N. Security Council, which would be a vote of the entire U. N. General Assembly."
"The government has been accused of hiding the fact that the vast majority of the country's migrants are not from the EU."
"\"I don't want to be associated with anything that's going to get in the way of my job,\" he said."
"The good news is that this is the first time the UK government has made a decision to cut tax rates."
"He was also charged with possession of a controlled substance and possession of marijuana with intent to deliver a controlled substance."
"In the United States, the number of people who have a disability is about one in 15, compared with one in 11 in the UK and one in 10 in the United States."
"He has been a great supporter of me and I am really looking forward to working with him in the future."
"The company said its sales rose 2. 8 per cent in the third quarter to $ 1. 6 billion, up from $ 1. 4 billion a year earlier."
"I can't tell you how many times I have had to ask my parents to tell me to stop speaking English."
"It is the first time the bank has given a full accounting of the amount of money it has given in the past year."
"The report said the UK economy grew by 0. 3 per cent in the three months to the end of June, compared with a 2. 3 per cent rate in the same quarter last year."
"\"I'm not going to go into it with the usual stuff, but I'm going to say what I think is best for the club,\" he said."
"\"We're going to get a lot of people that are in the middle of the road,\" he said."
"The local authority is working with the local council to get the council to pay for the services that are being provided and to ensure they are in a safe environment."
"I was told that we could go and have a look but it's not really safe and we have to stay."
"She added that she would be \"very disappointed \"if she could not win again if she does not accept the result."
"In a statement, the bank said: \"The bank has no control over the behaviour of our customers and staff."
"He is a very good coach, he's a great person and he's a great person in this business, but he's not a great person when it comes to playing football."
"In order to get the right one, you need to make sure that the right part of the body is covered."
"She said: \"There's a lot of people who are going to be affected by this, but I think it's a good thing to be able to tell them what's going to happen."
"\"I would like to know why the police are doing this, and what's the risk to the community,\" he said."
"The deal comes just weeks after the world's biggest oil company agreed to cut production by 80% in a deal that could boost its share price."
"She said the incident was not a \"normal \"event, and she was concerned that it might affect her career."
"It's not as if the world is going to be all right, but it's the best thing for me."
"The case was brought by a group of people who wanted to get in contact with a child who had been left in a van by a driver who had been drunk."
"We will always be the ones who come in and get the ball and we're going to try and get them in front of us."
"The study found that the number of women in the study who have had at least one pregnancy had increased by 27 per cent over the past four years."
"\"The average time between the first and second place votes in the polls was 3. 3 seconds, compared to 3. 6 seconds for the second and third place votes,\" he said."
"The BBC has reported that the government has decided to strike a deal with the Radio Times to allow it to continue to run the station."
"The video, which has been viewed more than 10, 000 times, shows the man lying on the ground with his arms around the victim."
"He said: \"I've got to go to the airport to get checked in and I'm going to be checked in for a few hours."
"\"We have to be careful in what we say and what we say in what we say, but we are not going to be doing it in a way that is going to make it easier to win games,\" he said."
"The government said it would investigate the matter and was working with the civil protection service to identify those responsible."
"But we will be asking the same questions of all those who have been here before us and will ask the same questions of the many who have come here."
"\"If you're a young woman, I can tell you that if you're a young man, you're going to be a target,\" he said."
"I have a lot of respect for him, and I'm going to be using him a lot more than I used to."
"The reason I think he's going to be in the mix for that is because he's not a great shot."
"The Trump campaign has been trying to stop the news of the tape, but it seems to have had no effect."
"The government is also facing a legal challenge from a group of people who say they were targeted because they were gay."
"The first thing you want to do is to know if you're going to be able to get a better price, and if it is."
"\"We need to focus on the right thing and that's what I've done,\" she said."
"If you're not able to afford to buy a home, you may have to pay a tax bill."
"\"We are not going to let the terrorists, we are not going to let them control the border,\" he said."
"\"I think we can help people in their way,\" he said, adding that he was not surprised by the situation."
"I'm not sure what the hell they're doing, but I'm not sure if it's the right thing to do."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to secure the data on the people who would be affected, and it would be able to use its own data to help identify those affected."
"I don't know if it's the first time I've been on the market, but I'm just excited to be a part of it."
"I'm happy to say that I've had the opportunity to play a bit of a role in the team and the performance has been outstanding."
"There are a lot of people who don't like that, but I feel like I have to do a better job of that."
"He said: \"I'm not sure what happened, I have to go back and look at the video."
"The Supreme Court will hear the case on Wednesday, but the ruling could be announced before the end of the year, he told the Guardian."
"The government's response to the rise in crime has been to impose a new four- year prison sentence for those caught up in the scheme."
"\"I've been there for a while and I'm a huge supporter of the government,\" he told the Guardian."
"I don't know where we're going to be in a few years, but we are a good team and we're going to keep improving."
"The U. S. has been bombing its forces since the start of the war in Yemen, which began in 2011."
"\"We've had a lot of meetings over the last few days, and we're ready to go,\" he said."
"The company is also looking to build a new office in London, and is looking to build a new office in Glasgow, where it is based."
"The system, which is not yet available to the public, will be introduced in the first quarter of next year, the company said."
"The first is a real estate investment trust that has been set up to help the community in the process."
"And there are now more than 30, 000 children living in poverty in the UK, the report said."
"\"We have to make sure that the children are safe and that they have a proper education,\" she said."
"The question of what happens next is more complicated than it may seem at first sight, but there are plenty of answers."
"I don't know what the future holds, but it's a bit of a shock to see him in a big game."
"\"I've been here a couple of times and I think it's pretty amazing,\" he said."
"It's a bit of a shame they don't have the same confidence in me because I'm not going to be around for a long time."
"I know that I am not going to have a life- changing injury, but I am going to have to go through it."
"It's important for us to make sure we're not going to be in the middle of the pack and we're not in the race to win."
"The Government has called for a \"final review \"of the system, but the issue of whether there is sufficient evidence for it to be implemented remains a matter for debate."
"He said he was \"very surprised \"to find that the \"very small \"number of calls was \"not the result of a single phone call."
"The number of people who can afford to buy a home has fallen by 25 per cent in the last six months, according to the survey."
"The number of people who are concerned about the impact on their finances has fallen, the survey found, despite the fact that inflation was still above the Fed's target of 1. 5 percent."
"They say they are not able to find the missing girls because of the lack of information in the press and on social media."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have all the people in your family,\" he said."
"He told the BBC: \"I have a daughter, and my husband is doing the same thing."
"The SNP is on course to win a majority in the next general election, and the party's leader is already preparing a speech to the party conference in Glasgow."
"\"We are not going to give up on the idea that we are going to have a good relationship with the Russian government,\" he said."
"A 17- year- old boy has been charged with murder after a 17- year- old boy was killed in a road crash in Sydney's north."
"The government has said it will raise the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 by 2020, but it has been criticised for not doing so."
"\"He's the guy who can't stop, he's not going to stop,\" said the man, who did not want to be named."
"\"I think he was a very, very good player and he played well in the first half,\" he said."
"I just want to go out there and play like I'm supposed to play, and hopefully get a couple more points."
"I was in a really good mood and I didn't want to leave because I was worried about my son."
"A spokesman for the Scottish government said: \"We have a responsibility to ensure that the Scottish government has the best possible deal for Scotland."
"\"I don't know where he got it but he's got a nice voice,\" he said, noting that he didn't know if he was going to be president."
"\"If you're going to say something like that, you have to be prepared for it,\" he said."
"The number of people who have cancer has risen by almost 20 per cent since the government introduced the national target in 2011."
"\"It's not the first time we have had a horse who has been in the game for a long time,\" he said."
"In a statement, the company said it had received no complaints from customers, and that it was working to ensure that it was working with its customers."
"\"I'm not sure what I'm going to do next, but I'm sure I'll be better off next year,\" he said."
"The data showed that the average family in the top 25 percent of households had a net worth of $ 1, 000, or $ 3, 000 more than the average family in the bottom 25 percent."
"\"I don't think it is fair to say that the only way to have a better life is to have a better education,\" she said."
"I don't think it's fair to say that there isn't a discussion around the issue of immigration."
"I have always believed that if we can win the championship, then we can win the whole of the championship."
"The 35- year- old is believed to be the first woman ever to win an Olympic medal in swimming."
"The official said the group is the biggest threat to the future of the city, and that the government must take measures to protect the city."
"The driver, who was not injured, had a history of mental illness, police said in a statement."
"But I'm not going to stand here and say that this is a bad thing for the Labour party."
"It's a bit like taking a trip to the moon, but it's not as important as it seems."
"The measure is expected to be a key part of the next government, but is likely to be opposed by the opposition."
"The woman who was injured in the attack has been taken to hospital for treatment and is in a stable condition, the police said."
"\"I don't think we're going to have a huge impact on the election because we're not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"He's been in the team since he was 12, so I think he's got a lot of experience."
"The former prime minister said: \"We have to remember that this is not the first time that we have had a violent attack on our people."
"It's a shame that we didn't get our chance to play them at home this week, but we're pretty happy with what we've done."
"I don't know what's going to happen with him, but I'm not going to give up on him."
"And it's a lot harder to find a house in the country than it is to find a job, and the government doesn't want to be a part of that."
"He said:'I'm very happy to be out, I'm not worried about anything else, I'm just happy to be home."
"\"I have been to a lot of places but I don't have a lot of friends,\" she said."
"\"I didn't want to be in the room when I was doing it, and I'm just grateful for that,\" she said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was shot and killed by a police officer in the city of San Francisco on Sunday, the Los Angeles Times reported."
"He said: \"If you're a teenager and you want to be in the spotlight, then you have to be a good role model."
"The president's office said it would review the decision and the matter would be reviewed in a separate process."
"But I will be a leader in the battle for our future and that is the job of our country."
"The company's share price has fallen from more than $ 45 per share in 2014 to just under $ 25 per share in the first quarter of this year."
"I'm not sure what the issue is, but I do know that the issue is that the British people have voted to leave the EU."
"The majority of the country's oil production is in the North Sea, but it's not the only part of the world where the price of oil has risen."
"The Russian president said he would be ready to take part in a NATO summit in Brussels in March to discuss the security situation in Europe."
"The first round of talks are due to be held in Geneva in the coming days, the Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Tuesday."
"\"I don't want to put my hand up and say I'm a bit disappointed,\" she said."
"It's a bit like a car crash, but it's not like a murder scene, it's like a house fire."
"\"The question is whether we can be part of the solution,\" he said at a news conference in Berlin."
"\"It's a shame that we have to keep going on like that,\" he said, adding that he's proud of his work."
"And we will continue to do everything in our power to protect the children of our country, and to ensure that they are not left behind."
"But the two men were not the first to cross the border into Syria, with other migrants from other countries crossing into Turkey."
"The police chief said he was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision to hold the meeting on Monday."
"We are aware of the matter and will take appropriate action in light of the circumstances and will seek to resolve it as quickly and as quickly as possible."
"The government has said it will raise the minimum wage to \u00a3 7. 50 by the end of the year, but it has not yet agreed on what that will be."
"\"We are a very special club, and I am proud of all the players we have here,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that and we're not going to be able to make it work for the people who are going to be paying for it,\" he said."
"He said he would be surprised if the government did not take action to address the issue, but said the government was taking steps to address the issue."
"I'd like to think that he's just got to get over his body, get his head out and make sure he's comfortable."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the group was responsible for \"several terrorist attacks \"in Europe and North Africa."
"\"It's a shame that they were not able to get in the car, but I hope they will be able to get in the car again,\" she said."
"The Prime Minister has said he would not be taking a position on the issue until after the referendum has been held."
"I'm not saying it's not a good idea, but we need to make sure we have a plan in place to make sure we have a positive outcome for the next few weeks."
"The numbers are the same as in the US, where the average monthly wage is $ 11. 50, according to official statistics."
"\"I think it's going to be an exciting time for me,\" he said after his victory at the Australian Open."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get the best out of him, but it's not going to be easy."
"I've been in the business for over 15 years and I've always felt that I had to do something."
"The state of emergency, which was introduced in March 2014, has been in effect for more than a year, but has been extended by the government to June this year."
"The latest figures show that the number of people living in poverty in England and Wales rose by 1. 6 million in 2015, the most since records began in 2009, the report said."
"He said he had been in touch with his father and brother, but it was too soon to say what had happened."
"It is not clear when the incident took place or how the alleged victim became aware of the incident."
"The film's director, Ben Gold, was given a contract to direct it, but he was reportedly told it would be a \"first act \"of the new year."
"In the past few months, the number of people leaving the EU has risen by 15, 000 to more than 1. 5 million."
"It is not the first time a young woman has been raped in the street, but the number of such incidents is increasing."
"The idea is that a girl's body needs to be in a position to protect her from the effects of her own body."
"She said:'I can't believe that the people who are working so hard to make sure we don't have a problem in this country."
"He was the first American to be selected to play in a World Cup final in 2002, and he won the job."
"\"If we can do that, we'll be able to get more people to come to the United States,\" he said."
"We are in a very dangerous situation right now, and we need to make sure the right support is in place to deal with the situation."
"She was a very good person and I'm proud of her, but I was also quite proud of her because she was so close to me."
"It's the most interesting thing about this series, and I think we all know that."
"We have got a lot of good players and we have got to try to keep that momentum going and get the right players in for the next three or four games."
"I know I can play well in the end, but I've got to try to do that in the pre- season."
"\"I think we've got a real opportunity to improve our program and make it better for the future,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how I can describe it, but he's got a big heart,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody, but I'm going to tell you what I feel like,\" Trump said."
"He said: \"I've been on my way here for two years now and I've been very lucky to have been here for a couple of years."
"I am happy to see him at the end of the day, but I know we are not going to get him back."
"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised to see the tape, and it was really good."
"I'm not sure what the issue was, but I'd like to know if it was a problem with the person who made the decision."
"He has a long history of public service- he was a judge, a teacher, a senator- and he is a man of the people."
"\"The other day, I was talking to a woman who was in a car accident and she said she saw a man running from the scene,\" she said."
"It's a great place to be, and I'd like to see it grow, but I'd rather see it be a place where people are allowed to be themselves."
"It's a little bit like you're sitting on a bank balance and you're not sure if it's going to get paid back."
"A police spokesman said: \"We are investigating the incident and are treating it as suspicious."
"The Scottish government has been in discussions with the UK Government to set out a range of proposals to support the industry and the Scottish Government has been in talks with the UK Government to set out a range of proposals to support the industry and the Scottish"
"I think the pressure is on and you have to be patient, you have to be patient, and you have to be on your game, and we have to be on our game."
"It is a shame that the team can't get a hold of the top players, especially in the attacking half, and we have to be careful."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" said one senior official, who asked not to be identified."
"The first thing you want to do is to put the right resources in place to get the best out of your patients."
"She was in a good place to be in the last week of the year and it was a great experience to be part of the team."
"The attacks have been linked to the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime, which has been backed by Russia."
"The share of people who are in the workforce with a disability rose to the highest level in a decade, according to new figures."
"The teenager is believed to have been planning to kill himself when he was struck in the head by a car, a police spokesman said."
"It's not about a win here or a loss there, it's about a win there and a win in the playoffs."
"\"The only reason I'm going to be here is because we have to,\" he said in a statement."
"But there is a problem with this one, because it is a little bit more complicated than the other two, and we don't know exactly what's going on."
"The idea is to make it so that you don't have to worry about your finances, or your health."
"The first thing that comes to mind is that he was a great leader in the country, and we have to believe in him."
"A spokeswoman for the Department for Education said: \"The UK has a strong record of promoting education and research, and we will continue to do that."
"\"I don't know what the actual point of this is, but I'm pretty sure that the line has to be crossed,\" he said."
"I've been around the sport a long time, I've been around the sport a long time in the United States, I've been around the sport a long time in Mexico and Canada."
"He had been in the car with the woman and the two children when they were pulled over by police."
"I know that the good thing about it is that it's a free- to- play game, so I can just go and play whatever I want."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the only reason we're here is because we're here,\" he said."
"The average price of a single- family home in the city is about $ 1, 000 per square foot, according to the report."
"The 34- year- old has been in a long- term contract at the club since January 2015, and was a key part of the club's first- team success last season."
"The majority of people who have been infected with the virus in the past have not been tested for it, and so it is not clear whether the virus is spread by people who have not been infected."
"They are not supposed to have to pay for their own travel, or their own medical bills, or their own mortgage payments."
"We are still in the early stages of the process and we are still waiting for the results from the trials and we will be looking at the full range of the results."
"\"We've got a lot of people who are going to be coming out in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The question for the New Hampshire primary is whether he'll be able to hold on to the nomination."
"\"If you want to go into the United States and you're not allowed to go into the United States, then you're not going to be here,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was reportedly arrested on suspicion of carrying out the attack."
"But the U. S. economy is growing at a faster pace than the rest of the world, and the Fed is likely to raise interest rates in September."
"\"I was really excited to get on the stage and make a statement for the community,\" she said."
"I had to go back to work and I didn't know if I would get a job again and I had to get a job that would pay me enough to live."
"I didn't even know the person who had called me that day and I was like, \"What's wrong with you?"
"I'm not sure what I'd do with it, but I'd probably just go out and play it."
"We have to make sure that we get the right people in there, and if we don't, we will never be able to compete again."
"It's not like I'm going to be able to get away with anything in the first place,\" he said."
"\"It is a great day to be a woman, but it is also a wonderful day to be a man,\" she said."
"A key part of the plan is that the UK will have a free trade area with the EU, so the UK can trade with other countries."
"I think he has shown he is ready to be a great captain and I think he is ready to do a great job as a captain."
"\"We're not going to be able to do anything about that,\" she said, adding that the government was working on the matter with the European Union."
"I've just got to be patient and I'm not going to get too carried away with the game plan."
"I've played all over the world and I've played in the Olympics, so I'm just trying to make it better."
"She said: \"We have a lot of work to do but I think the fact we're all getting together and getting on together, I think it's a good sign."
"It's been a long time coming, but I'm excited to be back and I'm going to be doing the best I can."
"\"I don't think he's been a good player for us, but he's a good player,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to give up on my dream job, I'm not going to give up on my dream job,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister said:'We have to take the time to talk to our British counterparts about what we are doing in Syria."
"The U. S. State Department has said that the U. S. is not prepared to accept a deal that would lead to the closure of the U. S.- Turkey border."
"I can't be the one who says, \"Let's do this, let's do that,\" but it's a little bit different."
"\"It's a good thing to have a plan in place to help you get through the day,\" he said."
"\"It is not a matter of when, it is not a matter of when you will be able to come here and play,\" he said."
"If you're going to run, you're going to run at the speed of light, you're going to run at a speed that's going to be good for you."
"It's not that I'm not going to play, but I have to be ready for it."
"The two- month investigation was launched after a Facebook user posted a picture of the car's owner on a message board."
"The company says it has more than 250 employees in the U. S., but it is not clear how many of them are employees in the U. K."
"\"I don't think I've ever been so happy about it,\" she said, noting that she would like to have the job back in the country."
"The country's economy grew by 0. 6 percent last month, the strongest since the previous quarter of 2014."
"\"The whole thing about the U. S. presidential election, in this case, is that we're the only country that can be a leader in this world,\" he said."
"We are making a strong case for a free trade agreement, and the EU is the only country that can do it."
"She was so good at it, it was like a dream come true and I'm so proud of her."
"\"I'm not going to say this is a zero- sum game,\" he said, adding that he had no idea what was going on."
"The president has been criticized for his response to the protests in the wake of the November 11 attacks in Paris, which killed 130 people."
"We're not in a position where we can talk about the future of the game and say, \"We're going to have a good time."
"The work is being done by the New Zealand Army, the military arm of the government, which has a contract to help with the project."
"\"We have a very high rate of crime in our city, and the city is a great place to live,\" she says."
"The second- quarter results will be released on Wednesday, and analysts expect the stock to perform better than expected."
"\"I didn't know if I would be able to get my son back, so I just sat him down and asked him to come home,\" she said."
"I've been watching the game and I'm excited for the game and I know that we're going to have a big game."
"He was asked to leave the club in January and now he is back in the squad and he is ready to play."
"The rate of growth in the UK's manufacturing sector is expected to slow to 1. 6 per cent next year, according to the Bank of England."
"It's a great feeling when you are playing against a team that has got a lot of great players and you just can't stop playing."
"The Home Office said it was not aware of any other incidents involving people in the same situation, and that it had no plans to investigate."
"I think it's a little bit of a mystery that this is a woman who is making a stand and doing it in a way that's going to have her supporters."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it was investigating the case and would not comment further."
"I've got a lot of guys who are in there, I've got a lot of guys who are not in there, and then they go."
"They have a lot of time to spend on it- and they can't be too busy if they don't have the money to do so."
"\"You can't just give a guy a bad game and he has to play better,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 per cent on Tuesday, the biggest drop in more than a year."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Russia on the issue since at least 2014, but the Russian government has not yet responded to the talks."
"The president- elect has made it clear that he will not be giving a speech in person to the American people."
"The European Union's migration agency has said it has received reports of a surge of migrants arriving in the UK from Syria and Iraq."
"I think it's a bit of a shame because I didn't feel like I had a chance to be a big part of it."
"The event is the first of its kind in the UK, and is being held at a school in Liverpool, which has been a popular destination for students."
"A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a car crashed into a police van, the police said."
"It is a very different kind of football, and it is a very different game for us, but we are very happy with the result."
"The race for the Republican presidential nomination is now in the hands of a very different group of voters than the one that once dominated the Republican Party."
"She said:'I'm not going to be going to school, I'm not going to be working, I'm not going to be doing any of the things that I've been doing."
"But the new rules, which will apply to both the public and private sectors, will not apply to the media, the company said."
"If you're having a conversation, you should ask the person to tell you what they are going to say, and then ask them to tell you what they're going to do if they don't know what they're going to say."
"The couple, who have been married for nine years, have now taken a break from the house to spend time together."
"\"I think I've done a good job, but I've got to give it a go,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1% in after- hours trading on Wednesday after the company said it would begin to raise money."
"I don't know what he's thinking at the moment, but I think he's really happy."
"The \"best \"looking products and services will be available in the UK by the end of this year, he said."
"The most important thing is that we're doing this at a time when the government is not doing this."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the people, and I think it's something I have a lot of respect for."
"In the past week, we've seen a lot of people have been killed, and it's very difficult to imagine that we're seeing a lot more deaths."
"It's not a question of if, but how often you're on the road, you're not going to be able to do that."
"\"It's a big game, and I think it's important to have a good opportunity to score a goal,\" he said."
"I don't think he's a great guy and I don't think he's a great guy to be in a room with."
"I'm not sure if it's the same, but I've been trying to do it for a while."
"If you don't have a job, you may be able to get a mortgage or other assistance to pay for your rent."
"The following day, he got a call from a friend, who told him to get out of the house."
"We are not going to go into the night with a single question: why did it happen?"
"\"I am not sure how I would go about that,\" he said, adding that he had not yet decided whether he would attend a rally."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm happy and in the race for a job."
"He said: \"The biggest challenge for me is that I can't afford to spend the time to get a job."
"The couple were first arrested in January 2014, and were released in August 2015, after a judge ordered them released on bail."
"The European Commission has been criticized for not keeping its rules up to date with the UK's exit from the EU, but the commission has not done so with the UK."
"The study also found that the number of people who reported they were diagnosed with cancer increased from 6. 6% in 2000 to 11. 5% in 2013."
"It's about the importance of the people and the work that they do, and the fact that they are in this together."
"We have a lot of people in the dressing room who are very young and have been there for a long time."
"\"I didn't want to be in the spotlight,\" said the star, who did not wish to be named."
"The BBC has launched a new website to help families with children who are in crisis, and we're delighted to be able to help you find a place to stay."
"The president, who has been in office since 2013, has said he is \"not happy \"with the way the system has been set."
"A review of the report shows there is a strong possibility the practice could be illegal in the UK, but the government has not yet announced its plans to implement it."
"The average of the five- year, $ 1. 6 billion mortgage rates on the home is up to 6 percent."
"He is a good player, a good manager and I am happy for him, but I am not happy with the way he is going."
"I am not interested in having a conversation about the budget that I have, but it is a conversation that I am going to have with the president and the vice president."
"They are not going to be able to move around a lot, but they are going to be able to do a lot of things in their own way."
"They are the ones who have to deal with the people who have to deal with the consequences of their actions."
"\"I would say this is the most important thing for me to do and I'm going to make sure that I'm ready to go,\" he said."
"The couple were also found guilty of an offence against a 16- year- old boy who was with them when the incident took place."
"I am a fan of the community, I have been to the club and I have been able to meet the players and coaches, and I am happy to have a new manager."
"The attack on the stadium was the latest in a series of violent attacks on football fans in the capital this season."
"The Scottish Government said the move would help boost the number of people in care, while the Welsh Government said it was committed to supporting families in their care."
"I'm not sure if it's going to be a big deal to go from a couple of hundred pounds to a couple of hundred pounds."
"It's a very hard thing to do, but I feel like it's a really nice thing to do and I just want to enjoy it."
"The new study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, shows that the average American can afford $ 1, 300 to $ 3, 300 per year."
"\"It's not about me, it's about everybody else,\" he added, \"It's about us."
"But the government has said that it is doing all it can to protect the rights of the migrants, and it is not the case that it has taken any action to protect the rights of migrants."
"The researchers say that when women are in the highest paid jobs, they are more likely to be pregnant."
"It's a very good feeling and I'm excited to get started and I think I'll be ready for the start of the season."
"I'm not going to say that because I don't want to be that guy and say that's what I'm going to do."
"\"I'm not going to give up hope, I'm going to give up my life to get to this point,\" she said."
"The answer is to take care of your body, and if it's going to be a long time, make sure you're not going to be in a position where you're going to be injured."
"\"The whole point of this is to make sure we don't have this kind of thing going on,\" he said."
"The first thing I did after I left the club was to come to the hotel and see my mum and dad."
"\"We've got a lot of young players coming through and we're going to have a lot of guys that are going to be ready for the year,\" he said."
"I am not sure if they are making the same mistake or if they are trying to be a different type of person."
"\"We have a real problem in terms of the system that we're in,\" he said in an interview on CNN."
"\"I'm a little bit surprised that we got a decision from the board that we're going to make a couple of changes,\" he said."
"The European Commission has been urged by the UK government to impose a new contract on the company, which has a 10- year contract."
"The other problem is that it doesn't really matter who is in the game because we know who is going to win."
"The two women, who were filmed in the bedroom, were reportedly not drunk at the time of the alleged attack and were not in the car at the time."
"\"We are not going to be able to be in the business of winning games at the top level, but we are going to be in the business of winning games in the Champions League,\" he said."
"The government's draft law, which was approved by the European Parliament in March, is expected to be adopted by the European Parliament later this year."
"The school has a number of facilities, including a gym and a library, which are all set up to offer a diverse range of classes."
"The only thing I can say is that I will be doing everything I can to get him back to health."
"\"We are in a very close race, we are in a very close race in terms of what we are doing and what we are doing on the field,\" he said."
"He is now in the process of preparing for the final, which is due to be held on 27 October."
"But in the end, it was a good deal for the government because it meant the government could spend a lot less on it."
"\"The bigger issue is the fact that we're in a situation where we have to do things that are not going to be done,\" he said."
"It's not something that I would have thought would happen in my lifetime, but I'm proud of what we've been through."
"I've been in and out of the team for a long time and I'm excited to be back."
"We are a very young team and we are still young, but I am convinced we can make a lot of changes at the club."
"We've been told that the plane is going to be cancelled, and the crew have been told to come back in and make sure we are safe."
"\"I feel I've got to be better than I was before, and I've got to be able to do something different,\" he said."
"The officials said the EU had been unable to reach a compromise on the terms of the deal, which they said was worth \u20ac 17 billion."
"He said: \"I think it is important to recognise that there are people out there who are very concerned about what is going on."
"But she said she was not aware of any link to the event, and said she did not know the driver or the club."
"The biggest one- year gap was in 2014- 15, when the company's revenue fell 2. 4 percent to $ 29. 5 billion."
"It's hard to see how a lack of competition and competition management will affect the game, especially in the Championship."
"He was in a car with two other men, one of whom was a woman, when the two men drove away and began to run away from the scene."
"It is important to note that the report does not say how many of the people affected by the program will be affected by the new requirements."
"A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice said: \"The Ministry of Justice has been informed of the arrest of a person of interest in connection with the investigation."
"It's a great way to go in terms of having a conversation about what you're doing."
"\"I've got to do what I've got to do, and I'll be fine,\" he said."
"I would like to think that the person who was responsible for the decision to go to the police, I would like to think they would have been there for the person who was injured."
"I don't know what's going to happen to the economy, but I will do everything I can to help."
"\"I just want to make sure I'm doing the right things for my team and for my family,\" he said."
"We're going to have to make a decision on whether we want to stay in the EU or not, and we'll have to be careful about what we say about that."
"I don't think he'll be able to get away with it in the near term because he's still a young guy."
"The new agreement was agreed to between the parties in a two- hour meeting in Brussels, with the agreement for the first time being reached in a few hours."
"The boy, who has been in a relationship with his mother for four years, has not been seen since the incident, police said."
"The poll also shows that 54 percent of Americans said they would rather have a female president than a male one, and 43 percent said they would rather have a male president."
"\"I have been a fan of the show for a long time, so it's nice to see it on TV,\" she says."
"The latest figures show that a further 1, 000 people are being moved out of the country each day, while another 1, 500 are being moved back."
"The figures come from the National Crime Agency, which has been criticised for not reporting on its own investigations."
"\"I feel like I have to do a lot of things, and it's a lot of things that I can't do,\" he said."
"He's been in a very good position to play in the first half but we need to be patient."
"The fact that we're talking about a teenager in the middle of his career is just a surprise to me."
"\"I don't know where it's going to go, but I'm going to keep on going,\" he said."
"It's just not something that I'm used to and I'm just not used to seeing it at all."
"\"I didn't know what to do, I didn't know what to do, but I just wanted to go home,\" he said."
"He is a big boy and I think he is very good in the off- season and he is a good boy and I am sure he will be a big boy for the team."
"\"We've got to make sure we're not going to be able to take advantage of people's privacy,\" he said."
"The case was one of a series of incidents involving people in the industry who are being investigated by the government and police."
"I'm sure that there are some people that are going to come to us and say, \"You know what, we've got a problem."
"But I will tell you what, if I have the chance to win a title and I'm not going to lie to you, I don't think I will lie to anybody."
"The new rules are designed to give councils more control over the use of public spaces, including public transport."
"I think we're doing a really good job of doing that, but I don't think we're doing enough to go after him."
"He also said that the United States would not be able to keep its troops in Afghanistan if the Taliban were to be defeated."
"The company's shares rose nearly 5 percent to $ 35. 35 on Wednesday, the biggest gain of the year."
"\"I didn't know what I was going to do when I came back,\" he said, adding that he had to keep his mouth shut."
"He said he had been on his way to work when a friend told him he was being rushed to hospital with a serious injury."
"I'm not sure how I can be a good leader if I don't speak up for myself and for the country."
"In the video, he says he's \"too young to know that this is the right thing to do,\" but that he'll do it anyway."
"I've been involved in the club for a long time, and I've got a lot of experience and I know what it's like to be involved."
"It is unclear whether the new rules will apply to other agencies or if they will be made permanent in the future."
"I'm not sure it's going to be a great year for me, but I know I can play good cricket."
"We are a team of people who have a lot of respect for each other and we know that this is not the way to win."
"\"I've got to go out and get it, but I'll be out and I'll be fine,\" he said."
"\"He's got a lot of experience in the NFL and he's going to be a very good addition to the offense,\" said San Francisco's defense."
"\"I don't know why we didn't do it in the first place,\" he said."
"\"We've got to be more patient, we've got to be patient with ourselves, we've got to be more patient with ourselves,\" he said."
"The time is now to put this together, and I'm ready to go on the road and show the world what a brilliant coach he is."
"The final figures will be released on Tuesday and the government is due to announce the results of a review of the rules governing the use of cannabis in Scotland."
"The family of a man who died after being struck by a train in south London have spoken to the police about his death."
"A 23- year- old man was arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed in the back in the early hours of Monday morning."
"We can't have a policy of not doing what we want to do, and we need to do what we can to help the people who are in the program."
"\"I don't know what it is, but I'm not going to give it up,\" he said."
"If I was a British person and I was in the same position, I would be worried, but I don't think I'd be worried."
"The US and its allies have been in close touch with the rebels, which have been fighting for a \"caliphate \"in Syria."
"If you don't have a license, you can't drive, so you have to pay a fine."
"The company has said it expects revenue of $ 1. 4 billion for the quarter to be $ 2. 6 billion lower than analysts had expected."
"The FBI is investigating a string of emails that Clinton's private server used for official business while she was secretary of state."
"The Scottish Government has also been warned that the UK could face a \u00a3 3. 5 billion deficit if it votes to leave the EU."
"\"I don't know how you can come out on top and have a good game like that,\" he said."
"I know he's a great young man, but he's a young man who is going to be a big part of the team."
"The Federal Reserve's policy meeting in Washington on Thursday will be the last time the Fed meets before the November elections."
"\"We are not asking for a change, we're asking for a change that is in the best interests of the people of Scotland,\" he said."
"There's no way I can play in this league and still be able to play and still be a part of the team."
"The most obvious question is whether the government will be able to defend itself against a challenge from a private party."
"It's a great opportunity to say, \"I'm going to be able to do this and I'm going to be able to do it on my own."
"The next day, Mr. Trump's chief of staff, John F. Kelly, said that Mr. Trump had made \"very, very clear \"that he would not seek the presidency."
"I'm going to be in the car and I'm going to be working, I'm going to be working in the shop, I'm going to be working in the kitchen, I'm going to be working in the house."
"\"We are going to get the best possible deal and I'm confident that the best deal will be reached,\" he said."
"\"I think it is a very serious issue and we should be focusing on it,\" he said."
"The final decision on whether to go to war or not remains to be seen, but the long- term prospects are good."
"He said that the American people were \"not ready to wait \"for the results of the presidential election."
"I'm not sure what the outcome will be in this election but I don't think it's going to be the same."
"He was one of the first to notice the fact that the man had a small baby in his arms, and said he would never forget it."
"The first time I got a phone call from him, it was a big shock, but he had done a great job for us."
"The first thing you notice is how they were all on the same page, but they all had the same message."
"The next morning, the two- year- old was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a critical condition."
"I don't know if I'll be able to play again, I've been in the team a lot longer than that and I'll probably be back in the squad for the rest of the season."
"\"I think the first thing I would do is to say thank you to all the people who have supported me,\" he said."
"He is one of the few who can play the game on the big stage, but he has to be ready for it."
"The man, who is believed to be from Syria, was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"\"We have been trying to make our case for years, but I don't think we've been able to do it,\" he said."
"And I think it's important for people who have been in the business for a long time to understand that what we're doing is not just about money."
"The industry is under pressure to make sure that it is meeting the standards of the EU, which means that the EU is the main source of funding for companies."
"But in the end, the results of the survey showed that even if we had stopped the war in Syria, we wouldn't have had a real choice."
"I have been there, worked there, done that, and I know what it feels like to be on the pitch and be on the pitch."
"He said he had no knowledge of the operation but said he was \"extremely concerned \"about the safety of children in the area."
"\"I don't know why you would think I would be interested in an issue like this,\" the actress said."
"The man, who did not want to be named, said he was not aware of any other suspects and was not injured."
"It's a huge thing, but I don't think it's a big deal, it's just a thing to be aware of."
"I'm still not quite sure how that will affect me, but it's nice to know I can go out there and play my game."
"\"I'm a big fan of the little guys and I think they've got a really good team, so I'm excited about them,\" he said."
"The problem is that the only way to get the girls to do it is to get them to have sex with other people."
"I think that the biggest thing for me is the fact that we've got to be really careful with our players."
"\"We have to understand that this is the first time in our history that we have had a referendum on the status of the EU,\" he said."
"\"There's a lot of people that are not going to vote for me,\" he said."
"I think it's going to be a good thing for him to come back and play well and then come back in and play good again."
"\"If I'm going to have a meeting with a Russian leader, I'm going to have to make sure I have the right people there,\" he said."
"The first thing I noticed was that there were a lot of men in the crowd who had been in the venue for a while."
"He said: \"We've got a lot of players who are looking at us and we're going to see what happens."
"If you are going to get the money you have, you have to be smart with your cash flow."
"I don't know what the other side is thinking, but I think he's the right guy to be in the mix."
"The findings are published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, the same journal that reviewed the study."
"I'm not sure how I would feel if I was on the receiving end of an offer that was so much more than I had expected."
"In my opinion, we should be doing everything we can to help those who are in need of assistance."
"\"We've got to be careful, and we've got to stay on the right side of the ball,\" he said."
"The government's official statistics agency has been unable to identify the number of people affected by the virus in Scotland."
"The first lady's speech was a bit short- spoken, but she was ready to talk about her husband's legacy."
"The 35- year- old had been on a mission to the north- west of the country to look for the missing girl."
"I don't want to make a political statement, but I'm very clear on this: I will continue to defend our values."
"\"We are going to see a lot of new jobs in the coming days,\" he said, adding that the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates."
"\"I'm a long way from being a world champion but I'm still a world champion,\" he said."
"\"The only thing I can say is I have never had anything like that before,\" he said."
"The Raiders have lost five straight games, which is the longest losing streak in the league."
"\"I think we have to do a better job of making sure we're doing everything we can,\" he said."
"They were the last to speak out in the wake of the recent fatal shooting of a black man by police in Ferguson, Missouri."
"The U. S. State Department said it would not release the names of any of the U. S. citizens who were arrested."
"And I think that's one of the things that people want to hear, but I don't think it's going to be enough."
"The list of those who had been denied entry to the UK by the Home Office is not yet complete, but it will be published later."
"\"I think it's a fair question,\" he said, but added that he would not be surprised if the top five players in the world are not selected."
"The group's latest annual report shows a decline in the number of people who use the internet as their primary means of communication."
"The FBI said it did not know whether any of the people who were killed were U. S. citizens or citizens of other countries."
"The only thing that matters to me is that I can make this movie and I'm going to do it."
"If you're a kid and you're a teenager, you're going to be able to understand what it's like to be a kid."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we are going to have to build the infrastructure to do it,\" he said."
"\"The people who work in the oil and gas industry are very important to me,\" he said."
"The biggest risk to the economy is the Brexit vote, which has created a massive uncertainty about the future of the UK's relationship with Europe."
"If you look at the teams that are winning now, the teams that are losing, I don't think that's a bad thing."
"The process of getting a mortgage is relatively simple, with a number of steps to be taken before a mortgage can be obtained."
"The number of people who have died from the virus in the past three years was higher than the previous year, the report said."
"The number of people aged under 21 in Scotland is up by 1, 000 from the same period last year- a rise of 1 per cent."
"\"If you don't want to be the one that's going to go in and make the most of it, then you've got to be the one that's going to go out there and do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's going to be a good day for the league and I'm looking forward to the next one,\" he said."
"\"It's the biggest thing I've ever done and I've always said I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"A little more than a year ago, I had a conversation with my doctor about the need to take a break from work."
"There are many people who are not familiar with the idea of a family with children, and it is not something that I have thought about."
"I think it's going to be a really good thing for us to win here and play in a big game."
"The same survey also found that the number of people who have not yet bought a home fell by 3 per cent over the past year."
"\"I've been doing this for the last eight years, and it's been a really good thing,\" he said."
"The UK's third- largest economy is now on track to account for about half of global growth, according to the World Bank."
"The company said it was not yet able to determine whether the family had been injured or whether any of the injured were in hospital."
"\"I've had a few conversations with my staff and they are all very concerned about the health of the children,\" he said."
"The number of people aged over 65 in the UK who have used cannabis in the past year has dropped by 16% compared with the same time last year."
"But it is hard to see a way out of the EU without a deal that works for everyone, including the EU."
"The man, who has not been named, told the court he had not heard from anyone in the past few days."
"The ministry said it was \"fully aware \"of the incident and that it was investigating the matter."
"There are so many things that I want to do, I'm just not able to do them all at once."
"The best way to get people to come to the polls is to give them a chance to tell their friends and family about the outcome."
"\"I was working in a retail space, and it was a few years ago when I was doing a lot of my own work,\" she said."
"We were just trying to get in there and try to play a game, but it was tough."
"\"I'm not sure why I would want to do that but it's been a lot of fun,\" he said."
"The company's stock rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, its biggest gain in more than two years."
"The report was also said to show the number of young people who have been banned from taking part in sports increased by 60 per cent over the last three years."
"We've just got to be patient, we're going to be patient and we'll see what happens."
"And it's not just the people who are worried about the future of the country that are the most worried."
"She added:'We have no idea what happened, and I can't even remember what happened."
"In the past two months, the bank said it would begin to cut its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade."
"The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said:'I didn't want to get in trouble and I was just trying to get away."
"I'm not going to say what we're going to do next, but we're going to try to keep our head down and keep trying to get back to the way we were."
"He was a bright young man who came to the club with a promise and was always there when we needed him."
"The first round of talks between the EU and Turkey will take place in Brussels on Thursday and Friday."
"\"I can't say I'm going to take my hands off me, but I'm going to do what I have to do,\" he said."
"\"I think it was a very good game for us, but I don't think it was the best game for us,\" he said."
"The minister said: \"This is the first time the government has had to spend a tax rate of more than 10 per cent on the cost of housing."
"\"I'm not going to go there and say, \"You know what? I don't know what to do,\" \"he said."
"The former chancellor said: \"I have a very strong feeling about this and I know it will be a tough game."
"It's not a good way to be a parent, but it's a way to be a good parent too, so I think that's a good place to be."
"The majority of people who say they will vote for a third party are likely to vote for Hillary Clinton, according to the poll."
"The government has said that it will not raise the issue of whether there are too many people in the country."
"He is one of the few people I have seen who is really enjoying the moment and really enjoying being in the moment."
"The school said it was working with the FBI and local law enforcement to establish the identity of those who may have been involved in the shooting."
"The only way to prevent the virus from spreading is to avoid it, but this is a hard thing to do."
"And the next thing you know, we're going to have to get the people who have been paying attention to this issue out of the way."
"\"I have been living in London for over 25 years and have never seen anything like it,\" he said."
"He said the risk of a fire in the region would be reduced by up to 70 per cent if the fire was to spread to other buildings."
"\"I don't know what they're thinking, I don't know what they're thinking, but they're going to take us,\" he said."
"The company said it had already received $ 2. 7 billion from the government in the last three years, including $ 1. 6 billion in the third quarter."
"I think it's a great honour to be able to represent the country at the Olympics, but I've got to be honest I've got a lot of work to do."
"\"I've been working hard for the past few weeks, and I'm going to be working really hard for the rest of the season,\" he said."
"The fact that the union is going to have to get back to work at the end of the week is a good sign of the strength of the team."
"But it's hard to see how that can be avoided if the country is not making efforts to make sure that people are well."
"The US- led coalition, led by the US- Saudi coalition, has been bombing the Syrian government since March 2015."
"If you're going to have an impact, you have to be able to find the right balance between the two."
"He also said that the government is taking steps to address the issue of migrants'rights, but that it will not be able to do so until the government has the means to do so."
"\"We've got a lot of people who are older than us and we've got a lot of older people who are working,\" he said."
"He said:'The first thing I did was to ask him to take a photo of the sign and show me the picture."
"The police and emergency services are working with the fire service to deal with the situation and will continue to investigate the incident."
"The film is now in the final stages of production and is expected to be released in the UK in the spring of 2017."
"The report also found that the number of women who have had sex with men fell from a peak of more than 1, 000 per year in the late 1990s."
"It's a different kind of country to the one we're living in, but it's still a place where the people are very much involved."
"They are the ones who will be the real winners, not just in this contest, but in the future."
"The former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, is expected to make her first official visit to the U. S. since Trump took office."
"She said: \"I think it's important that we don't rush into a judgment and say, \"We've got a problem."
"\"I'm not going to stand in the way of the people that are going to be in the polls,\" he said."
"He also said that he would not be in favour of the process of a \"new constitution \"that would be approved by the country's parliament."
"We don't know if he's the best player on the team, but we know we have to get him in and out."
"I was just trying to make sure that I was going to get the best result I could and that I was going to be a good person."
"The UK has been one of the most critical partners in helping to deal with the refugee crisis, and the UK has been a key player in helping to bring peace to Syria."
"\"I'm not going to say that it's a bad thing, but I don't think we have to do it,\" he said."
"\"I've been told by the doctors that I need to have a heart attack to be able to take care of my heart,\" he said."
"I would like to see them put their hands up and say that we are going to make a difference in this country."
"\"We're not just going to be a country that's going to have a great energy economy,\" he said."
"The EU's trade commissioner said the UK's position was to remain a member of the bloc and that Britain would be free to trade with the rest of the world."
"But it's not just the parents who are taking action, it's the people who are being affected."
"\"We've got to make sure that we're not going to get the kind of negative coverage that we have been getting from the media,\" he said."
"It's not a game that you can win by winning every game but you can't win it by a lot of other things."
"I don't know how to do that, but I think it's a good idea."
"\"I'm not sure what's going to happen with the other two, but I think we'll be fine,\" he said."
"The average cost of a ticket to the games is \u00a3 6, and the top two teams are the top three in the league."
