"The government's new strategy, which will be published next month, will focus on the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"I think that's what we need to do, and I think that's what we need to do with the whole of the game."
"The couple have been married for almost 20 years and had three children together, but had a split- second decision to make when they were unable to work."
"The company said it was \"fully committed to the safety and security of our customers \"and would take appropriate action \"if necessary."
"\"We're not going to get a lot of money from the government for this,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1 billion of shares in the company's first quarter of 2016."
"I've never been in a situation where I didn't have a chance to win, but I'm just happy to be here."
"The Prime Minister has said he will not \"take sides \"in the referendum and has said he will not support a vote to leave the EU."
"The fact that he's not in the final four is a big deal, but he's not going to be able to do it all at the same time."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go into the world and just be a human being,\" he said."
"The problem is, we don't have a clear vision of what we want to achieve in the next 10 years."
"\"It's a very different game to what we've been playing in the past, and we're going to be a very different team,\" he said."
"\"The fact is, I have been here for 10 years and I have never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"It's a shame that we didn't get to see it last year, but I'm really happy with what we've done."
"The government has been in talks with the European Union over a deal to free up land for the project, which would have been completed by 2020."
"The government's latest report on the health service shows that the number of people with a disability has risen by more than half since the 1990s."
"The man was not injured in the attack, which was carried out in the early hours of the morning, police said."
"I don't know how many people have been killed by the Taliban since the war began in Afghanistan in 2001."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product, the quality of the service and the quality of the people who work with it."
"I'm not sure I want to be here, but I'm here because I want to be here, and I want to be here because I want to be in the Olympics."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about this and how we can help people,\" she said."
"\"I'm not saying that we're going to go away from it,\" he said, \"but we're going to do it."
"The latest figures show the number of people aged over 65 in England and Wales has fallen by almost one million since 2010."
"The judge said the case was not about the money, but rather the fact that she was a woman."
"The new study is the first to examine the effect of gender on the risk of breast cancer in men, and the first to examine the effect of gender on the risk of breast cancer in women."
"\"I'm not going to give up on my job,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of his new role."
"I think it's a shame that we have to go through that again because we're a team that's going to be in the playoffs for a long time."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder, and police said he had been in custody since the evening of Saturday, February 21."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been detained by police has risen from 13 per cent to 21 per cent."
"The problem is that, in the past, the government has been able to give the impression that it is doing everything it can to help."
"\"I don't know what he's going to do, but I'm going to do whatever I can to help him,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and the first of its kind in Australia, will be rolled out in the spring."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors in the last three months and that it would continue to invest in the business."
"The woman, who was not identified, was taken to a local hospital where she was treated for her injuries."
"The fact that we are in this position is not good news for the country, but it is good news for the people of the state."
"The U. S. is the world's largest market for the drug, but it is also the world's largest producer of the drug, according to the World Health Organization."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than a third since the outbreak began in March, the agency said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the United States was not aware of any cases in which the U. S. government was involved."
"\"I've got a feeling that we're going to get a lot of people who are going to be very upset,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell 1. 7 per cent to $ 1. 25 in afternoon trading on Thursday, after the company announced it was selling its shares in a bid to boost its revenue."
"\"The government is not going to be able to do that because the people of Scotland will not have a voice,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have lost their jobs has increased by nearly a quarter in the last 12 months."
"The government has also said it wants to have a \"more robust \"approach to the issue of asylum seekers."
"I think it's important for the club to have a strong squad that can compete for places in the top flight."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the game, I'm going to make sure that we win the game,\" he said."
"The new rule, which was introduced in October, requires all new businesses to report to the government within six months of the start of the new year."
"The group is now targeting a \"big, fat \"tax on the top 1 per cent, with the aim of raising as much as \u00a3 1. 5 billion."
"The government has not yet said how many people will be affected by the changes, but it is expected to be close to 50."
"The British Medical Association said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal the decision."
"It is a shame that he is not playing in the first half of the season but he is still a fantastic player."
"\"It's a shame because I've got to be honest with you, I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 57 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company announced its plan to cut its workforce by half."
"The Prime Minister's office said the Prime Minister had been \"very clear \"that he wanted to see the deal signed with the EU."
"I'm not going to be able to go out and play the way I want to play, but I'm going to try and do the best I can."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the problem is, but I don't want to be the one to say it's going to be easy."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than 50 per cent since the 1980s, according to the World Health Organization."
"\"I'm not going to sit back and say I don't care,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if he was not selected."
"It's not like we're going to be able to do all the things we're supposed to do."
"The government's latest figures show the number of people with mental illness in England and Wales is growing at a faster pace than the overall population."
"The company has said it will invest $ 2. 5 billion in the U. S. over the next five years, but it has not said how much it will spend on the U. S. market."
"The only thing I can think of is to have a good time with my family and friends."
"Theresa May has said she will not be able to meet the Prime Minister's official demand for a Brexit deal after the UK voted to leave the EU."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard, and I'm going to try and win."
"The data also shows that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by about 40 per cent over the past 20 years."
"The team has been working on a new system for tracking the speed of the trains, which will be rolled out in the next few months."
"He's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player, he's a good player,"
"\"It's a bit of a long season, but we've got to keep working,\" he said."
"The figures are not a surprise to those who have been following the story since it first emerged in the Guardian."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, what we say in the video, and what we say in the book,\" he said."
"The paper says the new rules are designed to help ensure that people who use the service are not forced to pay for it."
"The poll also found that more Americans are concerned about the future than about the past, with more Americans saying they are concerned about the future than about the past."
"\"It's not like we're going to be able to do it in a year or two,\" he said."
"The decision to cut the number of days off from work was made in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris and Brussels, which left 130 people dead."
"He's a good guy, he's a good guy, he's a good guy, and he's going to be a very good guy."
"\"I have a very strong sense of how to handle the situation and I'm very confident in my ability to handle it,\" he said."
"It's not like we're going to be able to just walk away from it and say we're not going to do it."
"The government has not yet decided whether to introduce the legislation, but a spokeswoman said: \"We are committed to ensuring that all children are protected from harm."
"I don't know how I would have done it without the support of the community and I don't know how it would have been different if I'd been in the game."
"The report said that in the first quarter of 2015, the number of people who used the internet to talk to each other increased by 20 per cent."
"The new rules will be introduced at the next meeting of the EU's executive council, which is due to be held next month."
"The number of people in the EU who are not citizens has risen to nearly 1. 5 million, up from 1. 5 million in 2014."
"He said: \"The government has been very clear that it wants to make sure that we don't get into a situation where we are going to have to pay for it."
"The Scottish Government has pledged to spend \u00a3 1 billion on the project, which is expected to cost \u00a3 1. 7 billion."
"\"The people who have been here for a long time know what it's like to be here,\" he said."
"\"We are in a position to make a decision on the future of the club and I don't think we have a decision to make until next year,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban since 2011, when the Taliban took over the country."
"It's a great feeling to be in the top four, but I don't think it's the right thing to do."
"The company's shares rose 0. 5 per cent to $ 28. 72 on Wednesday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The government is also considering a plan to increase the minimum wage to \u00a3 9. 50 from \u00a3 9. 50, which would be a significant increase."
"I think that's what we've been working on for a long time and we're going to get it done."
"The UK is the only country that has been able to build a nuclear power plant in the past 20 years, and the first to do so in the UK."
"The U. S. has been sending troops to Syria and Iraq since the start of the war in 2011, but it has not been able to conduct airstrikes there."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who are eligible for free school meals rose by 4. 5 per cent last year."
"It's a big game and we've got to be ready for it and we've got to be ready for it."
"\"It's a bit of a shock, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"He's a good player, but I think he's got to be a better player in the long- term."
"The U. S. government has said it will not release details about the probe, which has been under way since last month."
"I think it's a great way to get people to think about what they want to do and what they want to do."
"I've been told that I'm a little bit of a burden and I don't want to be that."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning, and are now being held in a custody facility."
"The reason is simple: The more people who are exposed to the idea, the more likely they are to be interested in it."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 1. 4 percent, to $ 35. 20 on Wednesday."
"The man, who is not being named, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and has been released on bail."
"The idea is that the government will be able to show that it is doing more to help people who are struggling to access the services they need."
"\"I don't know what he's going to do, but I'm going to go out there and play,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 has fallen by 2. 5 per cent since 2009, with a fall of 4. 6 per cent in the last year."
"\"I think the biggest thing for me is that I'm not a fan of the whole thing,\" he said."
"The couple have been married for three years and have two children, aged four and six."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government has been able to get the information that it needs,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said in the interview."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first- quarter earnings report in March."
"He said: \"I don't know if he was in the car, but I don't know if he was in the car at all."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but it is not yet clear whether they will apply to the current year."
"I don't think it's a good idea to be in a relationship where you're not going to be able to see each other."
"\"It's a very good game, but I think it's a good game for the team and I'm not going to be disappointed,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose by 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 28 in after- hours trading."
"The study also found that the number of people who were able to get into the workforce increased by 2. 5 per cent."
"The team's first- ever road trip to the top of the Premier League was a success, but the club's season was not."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've seen the benefits of it,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the industry and it is a very hard thing to do,\" he said."
"The researchers also found that the number of people who reported having a heart attack or stroke increased from the previous year to the current one."
"The U. S. and Russia have been working together since the beginning of the Syrian civil war in 2011, when the U. S. launched air strikes against the rebels."
"I think it's a shame that they don't have a good understanding of the issues and the problems that they're dealing with."
"He said: \"I think it is important to remember that we are in a very different place than we were a few years ago."
"The problem is, the people who are paying for the tickets are not the ones who are actually paying for the tickets themselves."
"He said: \"I've got a lot of respect for the people of the county and I'm not going to sit here and say I don't like it."
"The only thing I can think of is to go out there and do what I did, and I'm not going to be able to do that."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by more than half since the recession began, the report said."
"It was a big step for me to be able to play at the top of my game and I'm really happy to be here."
"\"We are very happy to have a relationship with the club and we are looking forward to working with them,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go out and get a cup of coffee and then I went back to work."
"\"I'm not going to tell you what I think about the outcome of this race,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I don't think he's going to be a good coach,\" he said."
"\"I think that's a good thing, because it gives us a better understanding of the problem,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife and I to do a video interview for the show."
"\"I think that's what we're seeing in the last couple of days, and I think that's what we're seeing in the last couple of days in terms of the players,\" he said."
"The company said it was working on a new system for tracking the number of people who use the service and how many people use it."
"I've been in the business for 20 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"The group's website says it is \"a private, non- profit organisation \"and that it does not take any money from anyone."
"\"I don't think it's going to be easy to get a deal done,\" he said."
"The results of the study, which was published in the American Journal of Public Health, are expected to be published this week."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are most affected by this are the people who are most affected by the war,\" he said."
"He said: \"I don't think it's going to be a big deal for the next couple of years."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong understanding of what's going on,\" he said."
"The problem is that we have a lot of people who are not in the business of doing the things that they want to do."
"The most important thing to do is to get the right people in there and get them to understand that they're going to be the best team in the world."
"The new law will be introduced next month, and the first time the law has been passed in the UK."
"\"The fact that we're in the final week of the season is a good sign for us,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been displaced has risen by a third since the start of the year."
"The company said it had been working with the US Department of Justice and the FBI to determine what happened."
"He said:'I was just walking home from work, I was so excited, I couldn't believe it."
"The United States is not alone in its opposition to the idea of a Palestinian state, with the Palestinian Authority and the Palestinian National Authority both calling for a Palestinian state."
"The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that we're in a situation where we're going to have to pay for it."
"The study also found that women were more likely to be diagnosed with depression than men, and that the proportion of women who reported having had a heart attack was higher among women."
"\"It's a very, very sad day for the world of cricket, for the game, for the fans, for the players,\" he said."
"The idea is to make sure that you don't have to worry about the consequences of your actions."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 percent on Thursday after the news broke, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 8 percent."
"The number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has increased by more than a third in the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"The number of women in the top 10% of the population has fallen by more than 50% since the 1980s, according to the World Bank."
"The new rules will apply to all new customers, including those who have already paid the \u00a3 50 fee."
"The government is also looking at the possibility of a new \"right to be forgotten \"policy, which would allow people to be forgotten if they are not seen as a part of the community."
"The researchers said they found that the group who had a higher risk for depression was also more likely to be a woman."
"The former secretary of state's speech was widely seen as a warning to Trump that he could lose the White House if he doesn't do enough to protect the country."
"I think it's a good thing that he's got a chance to play in the final because he's got a lot of experience."
"The FBI said it had not yet determined whether the man was linked to the attacks, which killed at least 30 people and injured more than 500."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work, the quality of the people that work here,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to go to war, we are not going to go to war with Russia,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful not to let this happen again,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the government did not take action."
"The Government's proposals would see the government set up a new body, which would be responsible for the work of the new body."
"The Prime Minister has said he is determined to keep Britain in the single market and is determined to keep the UK in the single market."
"It's a bit like the way I was growing up, but I didn't have any friends."
"The world's biggest economy is struggling with its biggest refugee crisis since World War II, with more than 1 million migrants now living in the country."
"\"I'm going to be doing everything I can to help them, but I'm not going to be doing it for them,\" he said."
"\"I was not in a position to say anything, I was just going to be there,\" he said."
"\"I've had a lot of people say to me, \"You know what, I'm not going to do this."
"The woman's husband had been in the car and was taken to hospital with minor injuries but was not seriously injured."
"The U. S. government has said that the U. S. is not responsible for any of the deaths in Yemen, but the U. S. State Department said the deaths were not related to the war."
"The number of people who have died in the last two years has fallen by more than 10 per cent, the government has said, with more than half of those killed in the last two years."
"\"We are not going to be able to do anything about it until we get the right people in place,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the problem is, but we're going to have a problem,\" he said."
"The first lady said she was \"very proud \"of the way the Republican presidential nominee has spoken to the public on the campaign trail."
"The government has also announced a new initiative to help people with mental health issues who are unable to access care or who have no family or friends to help them."
"I was going to be a little bit more aggressive, but I think it was a good way to go."
"The first thing I did when I got my first job was to go to a local hospital and I was so shocked and so grateful."
"It's a very hard thing to do, but I think it's a very good thing to do, and I think it's a very good thing to do in the long run."
"The idea of a \"new \"game, which is not just a game of football, but of politics, is not new."
"The first time I saw him, I thought he was going to be a star, but I didn't know what he was going to do."
"The problem is that, in the past few years, the number of people who are now working has actually fallen."
"\"It's a very big challenge for the club, especially with the amount of injuries that have occurred,\" he said."
"The company said it had lost more than $ 3 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, and it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in the same period last year."
"I don't know if it's the right time to be in the league, but I know I'm in it."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue of the number of migrants arriving in Greece from Turkey, despite the fact that the number of asylum seekers arriving in Greece from Syria has increased by more than half since the start of"
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say to the media,\" he said in an interview with the BBC."
"\"I don't know what the situation is, but we're going to have to be ready,\" he said."
"The official said the company was \"very proud \"to have the agreement, which was signed on Wednesday, and that it would continue to work with the government."
"\"The problem is that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see more funding for the project."
"The man was arrested and charged with two counts of murder and one count of attempted murder, police said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Monday morning and charged with possession of a weapon in a public place."
"The only thing that will make him a better player is that he's got a lot of good players around him."
"\"We are going to be very careful about what we say in our speeches,\" he said, adding that the United States would not be \"going after \"the Russians."
"I'm not sure what the answer is, but I think we're going to see a lot of people go to the polls."
"The government has said it will not take action against the group, which has been linked to a string of attacks in the past."
"The court heard that the man had been on the run from the authorities for more than a month and had been on the run from the police for more than a month."
"It's a great way to spend the day, and I think it's a good way to spend the night."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the people, and that's what I've always been focused on,\" he said."
"I don't know what it's going to be like, but I'll be back to work."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other law enforcement agencies in the investigation."
"The company said it would not be able to offer a service that would allow customers to take their photos directly to a mobile phone."
"The government has said it will increase the number of people who can apply for benefits by up to 25 per cent."
"I think that's a good thing, because it gives us a chance to get to know each other better."
"\"We are not going to stop working for a while, but we are going to try to get a better deal,\" he said."
"I've been to the game a lot, but I've never been to a game where I didn't have a chance to score."
"I was a bit disappointed that I didn't get a chance to play, but I'm really happy with the way I played."
"The first thing I would do is to talk to the president- elect and ask him if he would be willing to meet with me."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I've been a Republican for 20 years,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"It's a great feeling, it's a great feeling, it's a great feeling to be in a club and to be playing for your country."
"I've never been in a position like that before, and I think it's going to be very interesting."
"The Republican National Committee is planning a major fundraising event for the candidate, which is expected to draw tens of thousands of people, according to the New York Times."
"The issue of whether or not to give the money to the charity is a sensitive one for the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn."
"The group's website says it is \"a non- profit organisation \"and that it does not profit from any advertising."
"The group said it was not clear if the man was armed, but police said he was not believed to be armed."
"I'm not saying it's going to be a perfect storm, but I'm saying it's going to be a lot more difficult."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and was \"very proud \"of its business model."
"\"I've never had a problem with a woman, I've never had a problem with a man, I've never had a problem with a woman,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have the same sort of dialogue with the players as we have with the players in the past,\" he said."
"The former secretary of state said the United States and Russia were working together to combat terrorism, and that the Syrian government was responsible for the attacks."
"\"I think it's important for the club to have a clear plan in place to make sure they're not going to be in the position where they're going to be in the future,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to give up on the idea of a single European market,\" he said, adding that the UK would continue to work with the EU."
"The first thing I would do is to get a hold of the person that's going to be in the car and make sure they are OK."
"The government has been working on a new law that will allow people to use the internet to shop for goods and services."
"\"I'm not going to give up on the game, I'm going to keep playing, and I'm going to continue to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a great year, but it's going to be a great year,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for the players to know that they're not going to be able to compete in the Olympics,\" he said."
"The report, which was published in the Journal of Economic Education, also found that the proportion of people who said they would not be able to afford a home increased by 2. 5 per cent."
"The move came as the government announced it would seek to build a new airport at the site, which was to be the first in the world."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, and will be introduced in the first half of 2017."
"I don't know if it's a matter of being in the right place at the right time, but I'm just happy to be here."
"The man was taken to hospital with serious but not life- threatening injuries, police said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased from 1. 6 million to 3. 1 million since the outbreak began."
"The new rules will be introduced on Monday, and will be implemented in the first half of 2017."
"The group's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 5. 45 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in nearly two years."
"It's a shame, because I have always been a big supporter of the club and I have been there for the players and the fans."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"I'm sure he will be disappointed if he gets the chance to play in the final but he will have a good chance to do so."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product,\" he said."
"The only way to make the difference is to get the ball in the right place and then score a goal."
"\"I was just in shock,\" he said, \"I was just like, \"I can't believe it."
"The group's board has been investigating the company for more than a year and is due to vote on whether to continue in the UK."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to play, but he's going to be a big part of the team."
"\"I think we're going to have to find a way to make sure that we're not going to be able to do that,\" she said."
"I don't know how I can be in a position to say I'm going to go out there and play and play well."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I felt like I could just do whatever I wanted to do,\" he said."
"The president- elect's team has said it would not be surprised if the U. S. government decided to pull out of the Paris agreement."
"The FBI has not released any of the emails it found on Clinton's private server, which was not in a public setting."
"\"I think the biggest thing for us is that we're playing the best team in the world, so we're not going to let that stop us,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that because of the budget,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being held in a police station."
"The first thing I would do is to get in touch with my agent and see if I could come in and do a trade."
"It was the first time in the history of the team's history that the team had won a game in a row."
"\"I think the biggest thing for us is we need to be able to play at a high level,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent on Friday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the rate of breast cancer among men was about the same as among women."
"The company said the new technology could be used to help people who have been infected with the virus to recover from it."
"The European Commission said it would take action against the company, which it said had failed to meet EU standards."
"The biggest change is that I'm now able to go to work and I'm able to pay my mortgage, which I had to pay back in full."
"\"I don't know if it's the right time or not but we'll see,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he was trying to do anything illegal, but I don't know if he was trying to do anything illegal,\" she said."
"The country's economy grew by 2. 4 percent in the third quarter of 2016, the fastest pace in nearly a decade."
"It's a good thing for the players to be able to come back and play and be able to play and play well again."
"I think the best thing that can be said about him is that he's a great leader and a great person."
"It is not the first time that the US has been accused of using drones to target civilians in Syria."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to go out and do something that I didn't think I'd do."
"The video shows the man's body lying on the ground, with his hands behind his head and his face covered with blood."
"\"I think we are in a very good position to compete,\" he said, adding that he had no doubt he could win the race."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus is estimated to be between one and three million."
"The EU has been criticised for failing to take action against a group of migrants that was found to be responsible for the deaths of three children in Italy."
"It's a very different thing to say that I'm going to have a baby, because I'm a mother."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the U. S. government did not take action against the company."
"\"I don't think I've ever been in a position where I didn't think I could do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the game, for the fans to know that we're here,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we don't know what they are capable of,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been accused of targeting Kurdish fighters in Iraq and Syria, but the U. S. military has denied the accusations."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 2. 46 on Tuesday, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 per cent."
"\"I've got to be able to make the most of my time in the water,\" he said."
"The result is that the number of people who are being treated for depression has risen by more than half in the last year."
"I think it's important to be able to see the game and I think it's important for us to be able to see the game in a different way."
"\"I was just like, \"I'm going to do it,\" \"she said, adding that she had to make sure she was prepared."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea or not, but I'm not going to give up on the idea,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a conversation about a subject that you don't know,\" he said."
"\"We have to make sure that we're not going to be in the position where we're not going to be able to do our job,\" he said."
"I think it's important to have a strong team, and that's what we're going to do."
"\"I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm not going to take anything for granted,\" he said."
"The first of the two to be released on the same day, the second is due to be released on the same day, and so on."
"It's a lot of work, but I'm really excited about the challenge I'm in and the opportunity I've got to play in front of a lot of people."
"\"We're going to be looking at a lot of different things, and I don't think it's going to be a good idea to have a policy,\" he said."
"\"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The study found that people who were more likely to be in the group of people who were more likely to be in the group of people who were less likely to be in the group of people who were more likely to be in the group of"
"The problem with the system is that it's not always easy to know what's going on."
"The new rules are designed to help ensure that the public are not left out of the decision- making process."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the community to know that they're doing something,\" she said."
"The study found that women who had been given the medication for at least two years were more likely to have a heart attack."
"The last time I saw him was in the second half of the season, when he was a big part of the team."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to have a conversation about the issues that we're facing,\" he said."
"He was in a state of shock when he was taken to hospital and was in a stable condition, the police said."
"\"We are very happy to be able to do it again, but I think it will be a long time before we can get a good result,\" he said."
"It is not the first time that the government has been accused of failing to protect the interests of the public."
"The couple, who have two children, have been married for six years and have two children together."
"I'm not going to be able to do that in a year's time, but I'm going to be able to do it in a year's time."
"The question is whether the new rules will be enough to stop the abuse, and whether the government will be able to impose them in a way that is fair and effective."
"The result: The number of people who have been infected with HIV has fallen by more than half since the outbreak began."
"The BBC's political editor says the government's response has been to deny that the report is true."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a conservative,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital with serious injuries, the police said."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently being questioned by police in connection with the incident."
"The man's body was discovered in a field near the village on Saturday afternoon, according to the local government."
"The U. S. has been pushing for a ceasefire in Syria since the start of the civil war in 2011."
"\"I was just trying to get out of my car and go to work,\" she says, adding: \"I was just trying to get out of the car and go to work."
"\"I'm not saying that I don't want to be involved, but I don't want to be involved in the process,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 1. 3 per cent, to $ 44. 72 on Wednesday."
"The study also found that women who were not taking any medication had a lower risk of developing breast cancer than women who were taking all of the drugs."
"It's a bit of a shame that the club have lost a player who has been a part of the club for a long time."
"The new rules will apply to all children aged six and under, but not to those who are not at school."
"The company has not yet announced the date, but it is expected to open in early 2017."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent since the virus first appeared in the United States in the late 1980s."
"\"We've been in this business for a long time, and we're going to have to do a lot more to make it work,\" he said."
"The new system will be rolled out in the coming months, with a further two million people expected to be eligible to apply for a free trial."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I don't want to be a part of the team,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who were affected by the scheme increased from 13. 9 million in 2014 to 17. 3 million in 2015."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs has increased by more than 30 per cent since the financial crisis, the report said."
"It's a great way to get to know the players and see them in a different way."
"The group's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, and the company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Friday."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not just a country, we're a culture,\" he said."
"The question is whether the two are going to be able to do it at the same time, or if they are going to be able to do it at a different time."
"The fact that I was able to do it for a little while is really good for me and hopefully I can get back to my best form."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact of that will be, but I'm sure it will be a big boost to the economy,\" he said."
"The average age of the participants was 27, and the average age of the participants who were not taking the drug was 21."
"He said: \"I've been in the business for 20 years, so I know that it's a very difficult business."
"\"It's a great opportunity to be able to talk to people and get them to talk about the issues that they care about,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I'm not going to let that stop me from doing it,\" he said."
"The government has been pushing for a deal that would allow the EU to take in refugees from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital where he was treated for a head injury."
"The two- year- old girl was rushed to the hospital in a serious condition and her condition is not known."
"The government is also considering a plan to make it easier for people to register to vote, which could be a boost for Labour."
"The group said in a statement that the decision to shut down the facility was made in response to the threat of terrorism."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for his injuries."
"The idea is that if you're not a white male, you're not going to be able to afford the education you need to be successful."
"He's a good player, he's been in the team for a long time, he's been in the team for a long time, he's been a good player."
"\"I think the problem with the game is that you have to be able to play in front of the net,\" he said."
"The report said the government should have made the case that the changes would help the NHS in the long term."
"\"We've got to keep our heads down and get the ball rolling,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The only thing that's going to stop him from doing it is the fact that he's not going to be a leader in the next six months."
"The team also said that it would be \"very difficult \"for the club to compete in the Champions League, which is the biggest prize in the world."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to address the issue of the lack of affordable housing for the homeless, which is estimated to cost up to \u00a3 1 billion a year."
"\"I think it's important to get to know each other, because I'm not the only person who has that,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to hospital with serious injuries."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a new manager, but I think it's a good thing for the club to be in a position where they can be more involved in the game,\" he said."
"\"I think we've got to be more aggressive and we've got to be more aggressive in the middle of the field,\" he said."
"He said: \"We've got to be careful about what we say and do in public."
"I think it's important that we get the right people in the right places and we have to be able to get the right people in the right places."
"The European Union's migration agency said in a statement that it was working with the authorities in Turkey to find a solution."
"It's not the first time a woman has been accused of having sex with a man."
"The study also found that women were more likely to be in debt than men, and that women were less likely to have a job."
"\"I'm not sure if it's because of the fact that I'm a woman or because I'm a man,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has said he will not \"totally rule out \"the possibility of a Brexit, but said he would not rule out a second referendum."
"It's not just the quality of the product that matters, but also the quality of the service and the quality of the customer."
"The first thing you want to do is to be prepared for the possibility of a big game."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I didn't think I'd be able to play this year,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who were affected by the virus in the UK increased by 2. 7% between 2014 and 2015."
"The new rules will be introduced on Monday, and will be available in the next few weeks, according to the company."
"It's a tough thing to do, but I'm really happy to be here and I'm excited to be back."
"\"I was in a position where I was going to have to work, and I didn't want to do it,\" he said."
"The problem is that the government is not doing anything to help the people who have been affected by this."
"The researchers found that the average person who works full- time in the U. S. is paid less than half the average worker in Europe."
"The United States has been on high alert for a possible attack on the Russian border, but no one has been killed or injured."
"The last thing we want to do is to have a conversation about what's going on in the world."
"\"I was very disappointed, but I'm not going to lie, I was really excited,\" he said."
"I don't know if I'm going to be able to play the way I want to play and I'm not going to be able to play the way I want to play."
"\"The fact that we're in a situation where we're in a situation where we're not even in the top 10 is a good thing,\" he said."
"The report says that the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen from 1. 5 million in 2014 to 2. 5 million in 2015."
"The government has said it will take action to address the issue, but it has not yet announced a plan to do so."
"The couple, who have been together for eight years, have been married for six years and have two children, a son and a daughter."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference this will make to the public, but it's a very important thing,\" he said."
"The former New York City mayor, who has been critical of Trump's rhetoric, said he would be willing to meet with the president- elect in person."
"The Fed has been trying to keep interest rates near zero since the financial crisis, but it has been slow to act."
"I've been to the Olympics twice and I've never seen anything like this in the history of the sport."
"The UK's biggest bank is to announce a new policy to prevent people from buying shares of a company they don't own."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"I think the best thing for me to do is just to try to make the game more fun for everybody."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, and was taken to the Royal Brisbane Hospital in a stable condition."
"I think the best thing for us is to get the right people on board and we've done that."
"It's a very tough time in the NRL, but we're not going to stop until we get the results we need to win."
"The government has said it will look at the issue in its annual report next year, but it is not clear what impact it would have on the UK's relationship with the EU."
"The government has said it will not impose a cap on the number of refugees allowed into the country, but it is not clear how many will be allowed."
"It's a bit of a shame that the game's not going to be played in the same way as it was."
"The report said the government should have done more to help the families of victims of the attacks, but instead it has failed."
"The survey also found that the number of people who said they had experienced sexual harassment had dropped from a peak of about 1. 6 million in 2014 to around 1. 5 million in 2016."
"The most recent poll shows Clinton with a lead of about 6 points over Trump, with a margin of error of 3. 3 percent."
"\"I'm a big fan of the idea that we're going to be able to go back to the old way of doing things,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the government to ensure it was not using the money to pay off its debt."
"The man was taken to a hospital in a serious condition and is expected to survive, police said."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the average amount of time people spend on a smartphone during their daily lives is about 20 minutes."
"The video was posted to social media and has been viewed more than 4, 000 times on YouTube."
"\"I have to tell you, I have been in a lot of relationships with a lot of women, and I have to tell you, I have never had a problem with a woman,\" he said."
"The report also said the number of people who have been killed or injured in the fighting has increased by more than 50 per cent since the start of the fighting."
"\"I was a bit nervous, but I was able to get through the first half,\" he said."
"I think the best way to do that is to do a little bit of work on the back end, and then get a little bit of experience in the middle."
"The man was taken to a local hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, the police said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the community,\" she said."
"The problem is that we're not seeing a lot of good young players in the Premier League right now."
"The study found that women who took part in the study had a higher risk of having a heart attack than women who did not."
"\"We are not going to be able to do anything until the government has a plan,\" he said."
"It's a bit like the big- screen version of a movie: It's a bit like the movie itself, but it's not quite the same."
"The first thing I did was to go and get the two guys that were in the car and we had a good conversation."
"The next day, he called me and said he had just been in a fight with his girlfriend and she had been shot."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks, and will be made available to all staff on the day of the game."
"The president's speech, which was broadcast live on television, was intended to highlight the need for a \"new normal \"for the UK."
"The new rules will apply to all UK firms and will be published in the autumn of 2016."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that he's here,\" he said, adding that he would not have gone to the game without him."
"\"I think the most important thing is to get the right people to vote and to get the right people to vote in a way that is fair,\" he said."
"He was also a member of the police force for 10 years and was a member of the security forces for two years before he was killed."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play in the playoffs, but I'm excited for him,\" said the coach."
"The government's decision to take the case to the Supreme Court was the first time a legal challenge had been brought by a transgender person to the law."
"It's not like we're going to be able to do that every week, but it's something we're going to have to do."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say in the media, and we have to be careful about what we say in the community,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against terrorism, and it has a long history of supporting the Syrian government."
"The first thing we do when we come in is we have to make sure that we are not going to get in the way of the rest of the team."
"The EU is not going to be able to guarantee the safety of the people of the UK, and the EU is not going to be able to guarantee the security of the UK."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 78, or 3. 4 percent, to $ 5. 28 in after- hours trading."
"\"We're going to have a very good relationship with the Russians,\" he said, adding that the Russian government had not yet responded to the report."
"The government's announcement of a new contract for the construction of the new stadium was made on Tuesday, and the stadium will be built in the next two years."
"I'm not going to give up on the game, but I'm not going to give up on the game because I know I have to win."
"The government's proposal to cut the number of people in work by a third from its target of 1. 5 million to 1. 75 million is a step in the right direction."
"The two- year- old girl was taken to hospital in a serious condition and is expected to survive, the police said."
"It is a question that will be asked by the new administration, and it will be a question that will be asked by the American people."
"The average age of the men and women who work in the industry is 35, and the average age of the women is 37."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and we're really excited to be playing together."
"The first thing I want to do is to get the ball out of my hands and try to make a play on the ball."
"The same is true of the whole of the United States, which has been a major player in the fight against terrorism."
"The U. S. is one of the largest producers of crude oil in the world, with a market value of $ 6. 7 billion."
"\"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what you're going to do and what you're going to do in the short term,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all companies that have a business in the UK, including those that operate in the EU."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"The next day, a man who had been at the restaurant for two hours told the police he had seen a man in a white shirt and dark clothing."
"The report said the government's decision to cut the number of women in the workforce was \"unprecedented \"and was driven by a \"challenging economic environment \"that had left many women unable to work."
"\"We are not going to give up on the challenge of the game, we are not going to give up on the challenge of the game of football,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do anything about it until we have a better understanding of what happened,\" he said."
"It is a very important game for us and we will try to win it, but we will be very careful about the way we play."
"The group said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people leaving the country."
"\"I've been on the road for a while, so I'm really enjoying it,\" she said."
"The company has been in talks with the government on a deal to sell its shares to the public, but it has not yet been approved."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to change my position, but I'm going to be very careful,\" he said."
"\"We are in the middle of a crisis and we need to take action to help the people of Flint,\" he said."
"\"We've got to be more careful with what we say, because we're going to be in the business of telling people what we think,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department has said that the group has been responsible for at least 10 bombings in Syria since the start of the year."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, but I'm sure it's a big one."
"The number of people who have died in the last six months is down from a peak of more than 100, 000 in October last year."
"\"It's a shame because I've always been a big advocate for the arts, but I've always been a bit more conservative,\" she said."
"The couple were married for the first time in February, and the couple's son, a year old, was born in June."
"I am not sure what the government is going to do about it, but I am going to do everything I can to help the people of this country."
"The US and Russia have agreed to work together to fight ISIS, but the Syrian government has not."
"\"I've got to make sure that I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to afford to do that,\" he said, adding that the government would have to pay for the new equipment."
"I don't know if they are the same as the other guys in the team, but they are different."
"It was a tough year for us and we have to thank the fans for that and for the support they have given us."
"The first lady, who has been a vocal supporter of the Republican nominee, has been a vocal supporter of Trump's campaign."
"The company said it would be \"extremely difficult \"to maintain the current level of emissions, and that it would be \"very difficult \"to maintain the levels of renewable energy that it provides."
"I have to say, I have never been more excited about the prospect of a job in the future."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say we're not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The idea is that the company will be able to use the technology to help its customers make more money, rather than to buy it."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you are not going to be a victim of this."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing suspected terrorists since the start of the Syrian civil war, but has not carried out a single strike in Syria."
"The only thing that's changed is that I've been able to see the game better and I'm able to see the game better."
"\"The people who are in the business of selling it are not the people who are going to be paying the bills,\" he said."
"The British government has said it will not seek to impose any new sanctions on Iran, but that it will seek to prevent the country from getting into a nuclear weapon."
"The study found that the more people who have a job, the more likely they are to have a child."
"It's not a matter of if, but when, and how many times, it happens, and how many times it doesn't."
"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are working on it, and I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are working on it."
"\"We're going to be a lot more focused on the next couple of games,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" she said, adding that she was \"very disappointed \"by the decision."
"The survey also found that the number of people who said they would be willing to pay more for a better deal was up by one- quarter compared to a year earlier."
"He said he had not been told about the incident until a week ago, when he was told it was a joke."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, and I'm not going to be able to do that for the next five years,\" he said."
"\"It's been a very difficult time, but we're going to keep fighting,\" he said."
"I've been in this job for five years and I've never seen anything like this."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The survey also found that the majority of people who voted for the Brexit vote were in favour of remaining in the EU."
"\"I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I'm not sure if I'd be happy with it,\" she said."
"I think it's a good thing for the fans to know that we're here and we're playing for the national team."
"The two- year- old was found dead in his home on Sunday, the family said in a statement."
"\"We have to be careful with the money that we take from the European Union,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players and we have a good squad and we have to keep them,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to be aware of what's going on in your life and what you want to do with your life."
"The government has not yet announced a plan to pay for the cost of the new roads, but it is estimated that it could be as much as $ 1 billion."
"It's not a perfect system, but it's a good system and I think it's a good system for the game."
"The reason I'm here is that I want to make sure that we get the right people in the right places."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"by the results of the survey, which was conducted between November 3 and 10."
"\"I think it's important for the people of this state to know that they are not alone,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it was a mistake or a mistake made by the police,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department has said it will continue to monitor the situation in Syria and will continue to support Syrian opposition groups."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do that, but he's going to be a really good player,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department has said that it is working with Saudi Arabia on the issue, but it is not clear if the Saudi government has been informed of the request."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn and will be introduced on a case- by- case basis."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital for treatment and is expected to survive."
"The report also found that the number of people who had a heart attack or stroke was also higher in the UK than in the US."
"The only thing I can think of is that it's not going to be a big deal, but I'm not going to be able to go out and play."
"\"We have a lot of players who are coming in and we have to get them in,\" he said."
"He said: \"We are not going to give up on the game and we are going to keep fighting."
"The pair have been married for six years and have two children together, aged 14 and 14, and have three children together."
"It is not a good sign for the government to say that we are going to cut our spending, or that we will cut our spending in the short term."
"The U. S. and China have been working together on a joint operation to fight Islamic State militants in Syria, the defense ministry said on Monday."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say that we're not going to do anything to stop it,\" she said."
"The former England international is the first player to play in the final of the Champions League since the 2012- 13 season."
"\"I think it is a good thing to have a good relationship with the people in the community,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced last year, are expected to be implemented by the end of the year."
"The club's statement said: \"We are delighted to announce that we have signed a new four- year deal with the club."
"\"It's a big game, it's a big game, it's a big game, but we have to be prepared for it,\" he said."
"The United States is also in the process of developing a range of new weapons systems, including a new radar- based missile system that could be used to strike the Syrian government."
"\"I've got a lot of respect for the guy, he's a great guy,\" said the Giants'first- round pick."
"The question now is whether the government will be able to convince the public that it is doing enough to protect the environment."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm really happy with the way we've played and I'm really happy with the way we've played."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to be aware of what you're doing, and then you can stop and think."
"It's not just a matter of the money, it's the quality of the work that you do."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 50 percent since the company's stock price crashed more than a year ago."
"The UK is the only country in Europe that has not yet made a formal request for a ban on the use of drones."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a little bit of confidence in yourself,\" he said."
"The group's first- quarter profit was $ 1. 5 billion, up from $ 1. 4 billion a year earlier."
"He said:'I don't think it's fair to say that he's not a good person."
"The government has been trying to get a deal on the issue since the summer, but the talks have failed to produce a deal."
"\"We have to be careful that we don't do things that could be seen as a threat to the security of the UK,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the company would not be able to pay for the new equipment."
"He said: \"We're going to have to find out what happened to the other two men that we've got here."
"It's a great way to get a feel for the game and I think it's a good way to get a feel for the game and a good way to get a feel for the game of football."
"\"I've never been in a position where I've been in a situation where I've been in a position where I've been able to win,\" he said."
"\"I have to say, I'm very proud of the fact that I was able to do it,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been given a diagnosis in the past year had increased from 2. 5 million in 2014 to 4. 1 million in 2015."
"\"We are a team that is a little bit different from the others because we have a lot of experience,\" he said."
"I'm sure that's why he's not here, because he's not going to be here for a long time."
"The government has promised to make the free trade zone a \"safe haven \"for workers and migrants, and has pledged to invest in the area."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very good thing."
"It's not the first time that the company has come under fire for its role in the scandal, but it's the first time it has been accused of a breach."
"He said: \"It's a great honour to be able to play for the club and I look forward to continuing my career in the future."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was committed to continuing to work with the government on the issue."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a discussion about the future of the game,\" he said."
"The government is also making a major push to boost the number of women in the workforce, with a new study showing that women make up a third of the workforce."
"The FBI has been investigating the possibility of a cover- up by the Trump campaign, according to a new report."
"\"I'm not sure that I can do it, but I think I can do it,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to be a doctor or not, but I'm not sure if it's a bad idea to be a politician."
"\"We are going to have to be very careful about what we say in our speeches,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other, to learn from each other and learn from each other's mistakes."
"It's a little bit different when you're playing against a team like that, but I think it's a good thing."
"The report said the government had not been able to find a way to stop the flow of migrants into Europe."
"\"We've got to make sure we're not letting the players down,\" he said."
"The company said it had sold the shares of the two companies to the same investors in 2014 for $ 1. 5 billion."
"The report also found that the proportion of people who had a mental health problem increased from 13 per cent in 2014 to 17 per cent in 2015."
"It's a great way to get a good look at the game and see what's going on in the game."
"The report also revealed that the number of people who have been arrested in connection with the murder of a child has increased by more than 50 per cent since the start of the year."
"The next day, the police chief told the crowd that he was not going to let the case go to trial."
"The idea of a \"hard Brexit \"is a good one, but it's not the only one."
"The last thing I want to do is to get a job and I don't want to be a part of that."
"\"I don't think that's the right way to do it,\" he told the BBC."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the outcome, which it said was a \"significant step \"in its efforts to combat terrorism."
"\"I think that's a good thing to do, because you're not going to get the money,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has announced it will begin a review of the case and will conduct a review of the FBI's handling of the case."
"\"It's not like I was in the kitchen, I was in the kitchen,\" she said."
"I've been a bit of a fan of his since I was a kid, and I'm sure he'll be a big part of the team."
"The first thing I would say to my wife is that she's got a lot of work to do and she's going to have to be careful."
"The government has said it will make the move to take control of the EU single market from the UK's EU leaders, but that is not the case."
"The company said it had lost more than $ 2 billion in revenue in the past year, including $ 1. 6 billion in revenue from its Australian operations."
"The government's response to the report has been to say that it will not be taking action until the report is completed."
"\"We have a lot of work to do to get the right balance between the economy and the people,\" he said."
"It's a really good thing that I've got a good relationship with the people that I've worked with over the years."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to play at the next level, but he's a really good player."
"The government has said it will not impose new restrictions on the number of refugees it can accept, but it has been criticised for failing to do so."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 29, or 3. 2 per cent, to $ 40. 28 in afternoon trading."
"The agency has been criticized for its handling of the case, which has sparked a national debate over whether it should be allowed to continue in the United States."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to try to do everything I can to help the team win,\" he said."
"\"We have to be very careful with what we say and what we say to our customers,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to be able to make the most of the opportunities that come your way."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to go to the club and say I don't want to be there."
"The company said it had been working with the police on the investigation and would be appealing for witnesses to come forward."
"\"I don't think it's fair that he's not able to play for us,\" he said."
"The move comes as the government is facing criticism over its handling of the refugee crisis, which has led to more than 3, 000 deaths."
"I'm not saying we can't do it, but we have to do it, and we have to do it in the right way."
"I've got a lot of respect for him and I'm not going to say I'm against him, but I'm not going to say I'm against him."
"I was a little bit disappointed, but I know that's what I wanted to do and I'm happy with the result."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get back to the top of the league and to get a win."
"\"I don't think I could have done it without the support of my family and friends,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not going to be in the position where I'm going to be able to do what I want to do,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to get a lot of money from this, so we're going to have to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think the biggest thing for me is that I've got to be ready for anything,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced at the end of March and will be rolled out to the public in the coming months."
"The government's new spending plan, which will be unveiled on Monday, includes a \u00a3 10 billion increase to the national living wage."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be easy to do."
"The number of people who have died in the last two years is the highest in the history of the country, the report said."
"The former New York City mayor has been a vocal advocate of the idea of a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States."
"The U. S. State Department said on Friday that the U. S. is \"deeply concerned \"about the attack and that it will investigate the matter."
"\"I think it's a shame that the Scottish government is not doing more to support the Scottish economy,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the last two years, and that it expects to raise $ 1. 5 billion in the next 12 months."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to get to the level of the next guy, but he's got to be ready to go."
"The company has been hit with a series of legal challenges over its use of the word \"rape \"in its advertising."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it for a long time,\" he said."
"The first thing I do when I'm in my office is to make sure I'm not doing it too late."
"\"I've got to do a better job of it and hopefully I can get it right,\" he said."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 2. 6 per cent at $ 1. 29, the biggest one- day drop in more than a year."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child, but I'm not sure it's a good thing to have a family,\" he said."
"It's a bit different from what we've seen in the past, but we've got to be prepared for that."
"\"We are very pleased that the authorities have been able to bring this matter to our attention,\" he said."
"\"It's a very good feeling, it's a very good feeling, I'm really happy,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's ever going to be able to get back to his normal life,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"The question is, what are we going to do to stop the flow of people coming in?\"she said."
"\"We are going to be a great team, we're going to be a great team and we're going to win games,\" he said."
"\"The most important thing is that we get to know each other better, and that's what we're going to be doing,\" he said."
"He said: \"I'm not going to be a candidate for the presidency of the United States, but I will be a candidate for the people of this country."
"He said: \"I think it's a good thing that the government has been able to come up with some measures to address the issue."
"The only thing I can say is I'm not going to be playing the way I want to play and I'm not going to be playing in a way that I want to play."
"The former England captain is now the subject of a criminal investigation by police after he allegedly made a false statement to a police officer about a trip he had made to the US."
"I don't think we're going to be able to do that, but we're going to have to be able to do it."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being held in a custody cell in the north- west of the city."
"I'm not going to lie, I didn't know what I was going to do."
"The club have been in discussions with the players to see if they can be part of the squad, but we haven't got a contract."
"The company's shares fell as much as 10 percent on Friday, but they are still up more than 1 percent this year."
"I have to be very careful with the people that I am with, because I am not going to be able to keep my head down and do what I have to do."
"\"We're in a really good place right now, and I'm really excited to be here,\" he told reporters."
"The EU has been in a state of crisis for a long time and I am convinced that we will have to do something about it."
"The result: The number of people who are eligible to vote has fallen by a third, to 1. 5 million."
"He was a very good player, he was a good captain, he was a good player, he was a good player in the dressing room, he was a good player in the dressing room, he was a good player in the dressing room"
"The United States, Russia, China and other countries have all said they will take action against those responsible for the attacks."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say in the press,\" he said."
"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has been the only one to do this."
"The man was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries and a 15- month- old boy was taken to a local hospital."
"It's not like I'm going to be in the car with a guy who's going to be a big part of my life."
"It was a very good experience, but I'm not going to be playing against a team that's going to be a really good team."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it would review the matter and would provide a response to any questions raised."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a big party and a big party and a big party,\" he said."
"The group is also planning to open a new office in the town, which is also home to a number of schools."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"The thing that I've always wanted to do is to be able to go out and play for my country,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to get that out of the way early."
"It's a shame we didn't get the chance to play the game we were playing in, but I'm happy for them."
"The new president, who has been in office since September, has not yet made a decision on whether to seek a second term."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea, but it's not a good idea for a lot of people,\" she said."
"It's a tough game, but we've got to be patient and we've got to make sure we get the win."
"The second- quarter loss was the worst performance for a single quarter since 2009, when the team's season ended."
"It's the first time in the history of the game that a team has won at home and lost at home."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged between 18 and 24 who have had an abortion has fallen by more than a third since 2009."
"\"I have a lot of friends that are in the same boat,\" she said, adding that she would be \"very happy \"to have a second child."
"I'm not sure how much of it is going to be a negative, but I'm not sure it's going to be a positive for me."
"\"I'm going to be a little bit more open about it, but I'm not going to be a little bit too aggressive,\" he said."
"He is a young man, he is not going to be a young man in the next four years, he is not going to be a young man for the next four years."
"\"I've got a lot of friends and family, and I've got a lot of people who are in the military,\" he said."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs has increased by more than a third since the recession, the government said on Wednesday."
"The Fed's interest rate is now at its highest level since the crisis, and it is expected to raise rates again in the near term."
"I'm not sure if he's going to be able to do it in the first half of the season, but he's got a good chance."
"The number of women in the top 10 per cent of the population is expected to rise by 2 per cent, according to the latest official figures."
"I've been working with the team for a while and I'm really excited to be part of it."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a very good thing,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died from heart failure in the last five years has fallen by more than half, the charity said."
"I am not going to say it was a bad night, but I am not going to say it was a bad night for the club."
"I think we're all in this together, and I'm very happy to be here."
"The government's plan is to give the states the power to decide who can be a member of the EU."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be a candidate,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to change the way we play,\" he said, adding that the club is not interested in changing the way he plays."
"\"I think the best way to do it is to have a team of people who are going to be able to help you,\" he said."
"The average age of the girls in the group was 28, compared with 21 for the boys."
"\"We have to be careful, because we have to be careful with the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what he's going to do, but I'm sure he'll be in a good place."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to a local hospital where he is in a stable condition."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell my parents that I'm going to be back in the game."
"The second- year player, who has been with the club since 2012, said: \"I've been here for a long time."
"The company said it would be working on a new model for its phones, which will be released in the second half of 2017."
"\"I've got to be honest, I'm not a big fan of the idea of a child being born,\" he said."
"The average age of the women was 45, compared with 45 for men and 44 for women, the study said."
"The decision to put a man in a car with a gun in the back seat of a car was a mistake, he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you're talking about this is that he's a very good player."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Sunday, but were released after a judge ordered them to appear in court."
"The new rules will be introduced at a meeting of the European Parliament on Thursday, where the European Commission has been negotiating the rules."
"The man, who is believed to be a member of the same family, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being held in a custody facility."
"He was also the first to admit that he had a \"very hard time \"getting into the sport."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that because of the new rules,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 3. 2 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the start of the year."
"The number of people who have been killed in Syria since the start of the conflict has increased by more than a million since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"It's not about me, it's about the people who are supporting me, and I'm proud to be a part of that,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for domestic violence has increased by an average of nearly 2 per cent a year."
"I think it's important that we get the right balance between the two, and I think the two sides have to be able to work together."
"The report said the UK economy grew at a 0. 4% annual rate in the three months to the end of March, the lowest since the UK began the official \"hard landing \"of the EU referendum campaign."
"\"The only thing I can say is that I am very happy with the way the game played today,\" he said."
"The first two games of the season are a good way to start the year and we're looking forward to the next two."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us to try and get some good players in there and hopefully get some good games in the next couple of weeks."
"The group has been criticized for its use of social media to promote its products, which have been widely condemned by the U. S. government."
"I don't think there's a single person who has ever said that to me before."
"The researchers said they were surprised to find that the number of people who reported having a stroke increased after the intervention."
"\"The fact that they are not, I think, the only one who can do this is the president,\" he said."
"I think it's important for us to make sure we're not just going to be playing in the Champions League, we're going to be playing in the Premier League."
"The company said it expects revenue to be around $ 10 billion in the current fiscal year, up from $ 6 billion last year."
"\"It's not a question of what you do, it's a question of what you do and what you want to do,\" he said."
"The same can be said of the people who are not in the business of making decisions for the people who are."
"\"I don't know if they're going to be able to do it, but I'm sure they will,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do the job that I want to do,\" he said."
"It's the first time in the history of the game that the two teams have met in the same game."
"It's not just the way he plays that's going to be important, but the way he's playing the way he's playing, and we've got to keep him in the game."
"The US State Department said it would \"continue to work closely with the Cuban government \"to ensure that the Cuban people were protected."
"The government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the people who live in the areas affected by the quake."
"He said: \"We're going to make sure that we're able to provide the best possible service for our customers."
"He said: \"The problem is that we have to be very careful about what we say and what we say on the record."
"\"I think the most important thing is that we have a strong team and we're going to win games,\" he said."
"\"We have been told by the police that the woman had been stabbed in the back and that she was taken to hospital,\" he said."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you think of the next big thing is the next big thing in the world."
"The US has not yet formally accused Russia of hacking the Democratic National Committee, but it has been widely reported that Russian hackers have been targeting the Democratic Party."
"I think it's a good thing for us to be able to make a statement and say we're not afraid of the world."
"\"The only thing we can do is to try and help the people who are affected by this,\" he said."
"He was also charged with possession of a controlled substance, possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver, and possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver."
"The company's shares fell nearly 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Saturday morning and charged with two counts of sexual activity with a child."
"\"It's a very good team and we're going to be looking to win games,\" he said."
"He is a very good player, but he has to be a bit more careful in the second half and I think he has to be more careful in the first half too."
"The company has been in talks with the government on a deal to sell its shares to a private equity firm, the report said."
"It's a great opportunity to get the message out and hopefully we can get the message out and get some people to come and see us."
"\"We've got to make sure we're not just giving up on the game, we're giving up on the game on the field,\" he said."
"I think the more I've played with him, the more I've been able to get to know him better and the more I've seen him on the field."
"\"I don't think he's got the talent to be a top- 10 quarterback,\" said the coach."
"The company said it would continue to work with the government on the issue, which has been a priority for the company."
"He was a good kid and I think he was a good kid, but he was a good kid and he didn't do well at the end of the year."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Facebook Inc."
"\"I was always the one who would go to the gym, and I just thought it was a great way to start off the day,\" she said."
"He said he was \"very proud \"of the decision to allow the children to stay in the house, but said he was disappointed with the outcome."
"The new rules, which are expected to be announced by the end of the month, are aimed at preventing the spread of the virus."
"The report said that the government's policy of allowing people to apply for asylum in the country was a \"very dangerous \"policy."
"The U. S. has not yet formally accused Russia of hacking the Democratic National Committee, but the U. S. State Department said it would review the matter."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say to the media and what we say to the public,\" he said."
"He was one of the first people I spoke to who said they were very happy and I'm sure they'll be happy too."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and hopefully get a little bit of a laugh out of him."
"I'm not sure what the point is of having a gun in your hand, but I'm not going to take it off."
"The report said the government had made no attempt to address the issue of women's rights, despite the fact that it had been the subject of a parliamentary debate."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged 65 and over who have been married for at least five years has fallen by almost half since 2010."
"The study found that the average age of the women who had the surgery was 28, while the average age of the men who had the surgery was 37."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has risen by more than a third since the outbreak began in March, the government said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the room with someone who's not a lawyer,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if I'll ever be able to do it again, but I'm still in the process of trying to get it done,\" he said."
"\"I don't think that's a good thing, because I'm not going to be able to do anything,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The government has said it will introduce a new system of checks and balances to ensure that all children are being treated fairly."
"The first thing I want to do is to get my head around the fact that I'm not going to be able to do anything for a long time."
"I've been very lucky to have been in a position where I could have done it, and I'm very lucky to have been able to do it."
"It's a lot easier to be in the position of being a little bit more aggressive, but I'm not."
"The first thing I did was to get a few people to come over and watch the show."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I don't know what the government is going to do,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what he's going to do, but I'm sure he'll be OK,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Thursday and are currently being held in a police station in the city."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 4 percent in the third quarter, the strongest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The first thing I did was to go to the store and get a box of ice cream."
"\"We are not going to be able to afford to do that, but we are going to have to do what we can to keep our kids safe,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has done anything to stop the flow of migrants,\" he said."
"The new rule, which will apply to all employees, comes into effect on 1 January, and will apply to all new employees starting on 1 February."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go into a business and have a big impact on the business,\" he said."
"The first thing we have to do is to make sure that we have a good team that can get us out of this."
"The most important thing is to be able to stay in the game, and to be able to make plays on the ball."
"\"I was in a good mood, I was in a good mood, but I was in a very bad mood,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of the world's second- biggest company fell 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"It was a little bit of a shock when I got the call that he was going to be back in a few days."
"The number of people who have been injured or killed in the attacks has increased by more than half since the start of the year, the UN says."
"\"It's been a tough few weeks for me but I'm looking forward to the next one,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was in a critical condition in hospital after being struck by a car in the city's west."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we've got a woman president,\" she said."
"He said:'I have been in the hospital a few times, but I have never been in a situation where I was in a situation where I was not safe."
"\"I've been doing this for a long time now, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The former England international is one of the most talented players in the world, but his lack of experience has made him a target for many."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm very happy with the result, but I'm also disappointed in the way we've played."
"The group said it had been unable to contact the woman, who had been in the car for about 20 minutes, and had not been informed of her death."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the best, but I'm going to be the best in the world."
"\"It's not like I'm saying I don't want to do it, but I'm not going to do it,\" he said."
"The new law, which was introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, will apply to all refugees who arrive in Germany in the next two years."
"The new rules are expected to be announced by the end of March, and the company is expected to announce a new policy in the second half of this year."
"The two men, who are from different ethnic groups, were arrested in the early hours of Sunday, the police said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Federal Trade Commission about a possible sale, but the U. S. Justice Department said it had not yet received a response."
"The government has said it will increase the number of people who can apply for a visa, but it is not clear how many will be able to do so."
"\"I don't think we've had a really good run in the last couple of years,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the outcome and said it would be launching a new product in the coming months."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a good thing for the sport."
"The most important thing is to get the ball in play and then get the ball back in play, which is a big part of the game."
"The company's stock rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 48 in after- hours trading."
"It's not a bad thing to be a part of something that's going to be a big success."
"\"We are not going to stop until we get the right people in the right places,\" she said."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to be making any decisions about my future."
"The latest figures show the number of people who have been affected by the virus has dropped from a peak of more than 1. 3 million in 2012."
"\"We are not going to give up on this and we will continue to work with the government and the Scottish Government to ensure that the best possible deal is reached,\" he said."
"\"We have to be able to do what we want to do in the short- term,\" he said."
"The government has been trying to get the UK to accept a free trade agreement with the EU, but it has been blocked by the European Parliament."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team, and we have a good team in the dressing room."
"The first lady's speech was dominated by the fact that the president- elect's name was on it."
"\"I've been told by the police that I'm not allowed to go out,\" he said."
"I am a very, very young person, and I think that I have a very strong sense of what it means to be a woman in the workplace."
"The problem is that the same people who are not in the business of doing business with the government are now doing it with the government."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a policy that's going to make you feel better."
"I think it's important to understand that the government has to be able to say what it wants to say, and that's not what we're going to be able to do."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for the club, but I'm sure that we will be able to do our job."
"The only thing that's going to stop him is that he's going to be a guy who can't be a guy who's going to be a guy who's going to be a guy who's going to be a guy who's going"
"The prime minister is also expected to announce a new \u00a3 10 billion fund for mental health services in England and Wales, which is due to be announced in the autumn."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 11. 45 in afternoon trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain in the company's history."
"The report said the government's plans to introduce a cap on the number of migrants arriving by boat from Calais would be \"unprecedented \"and could lead to a \"significant \"drop in the number of migrants arriving by boat."
"I don't know how to describe it, but it's a very, very special feeling."
"The latest figures show that the number of people in work has fallen by more than half since the financial crisis."
"The new system will be rolled out to all schools in England and Wales by the end of 2017, with more than 100 new schools being rolled out across the country."
"\"The government's response has been to make it harder for people to access information and to make it harder for people to access information,\" she said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday after the company's shares were down more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The study found that the average age of women who have had a baby in the past year is now 37. 4 years, compared with 36. 8 years in 2014."
"The number of people who have been killed in Syria since the conflict began in 2011 has increased by nearly a third, the UN says."
"\"The only thing that matters is that we are in the EU and we are going to get the best deal for our people and our economy,\" she said."
"The only thing I can think of is that I'm going to be a little bit more careful with my training and I'm going to be able to get better."
"The man was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for minor injuries, but is expected to survive."
"The company has a long history of making products that are easy to use, easy to use and easy to use on the go."
"The police said they were \"very concerned \"after receiving a call at around 2. 30pm from a man who said he had been stabbed."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've seen a lot of people who are really happy with their company,\" he said."
"It's not like you can't do something and you're like, \"What the hell is going on?"
"\"The most important thing for me is to be able to say I'm happy,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose by more than 20 percent on Wednesday, and its shares were down 1 percent at $ 28. 99."
"\"I don't think there's a lot of people who are going to be happy with the result,\" he said."
"\"The fact that he's going to be here for the first time in his life, it's going to be a huge boost for the club,\" said the England captain."
"It is a shame that we have to wait until the next election before we can even begin to assess the impact of this decision."
"He has been in the game a lot since he was a kid and he's been really good in the past few weeks."
"\"We're going to have a very good week, and I'm going to be very excited about it,\" he said."
"The average age of a black person in the U. S. is about 30 years old, according to the National Center for Health Statistics."
"The company's shares fell 1. 5 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, while shares of Apple fell 1. 5 per cent and Google's shares fell 1. 3 per cent."
"The study found that the average age of a woman who has had a baby is about 40 years, compared with a woman who has not had a baby."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the problem, with some of the worst- affected areas being in the south- east and north- west."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to say that I'm not going to do that,\" he said."
"The best way to do that is to get the best possible deal for the people that are paying for it."
"\"I think the only way to get a better understanding of what's going on is to go to the local police,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the man who was involved in this incident is the person who should be held to account,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a good relationship with the people who are in the building,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2 per cent in after- hours trading on Monday, and were down 1. 5 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday."
"The reason is that the man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was not in possession of a weapon."
"The Prime Minister has been clear that the UK will remain a member of the EU, but it is not the only thing that matters."
"The group's website says it has been in contact with the government, but no action has been taken."
"The company said it had made a significant investment in the project and was confident it would be able to deliver on its promise."
"I was in a different position, I was in a different position, and I was really disappointed that I couldn't get the ball out of my hands."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to let him do it,\" she said."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that I'm not going to be in a position to say I'm not going to be in a position to say I'm not going to be in a position to say I'm not going to be in"
"\"I have a lot of friends and family who are in the same boat, and I think I can help them all,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I am not a racist, but I do think that the media should be more sensitive to people who are not white."
"I've been working on this for a few years now, and it's been pretty much finished."
"\"It's not the first time that I've had to deal with this sort of thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to do that in the short- term,\" he said."
"The first thing I do when I'm out there and I'm not playing is I go out there and I'm not going to be in the game."
"\"I'm not going to go into the debate with a negative view of Donald Trump,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the deal is, but I don't think he's going to be able to get away with it."
"The next day, the FBI announced that it had opened an investigation into the Clinton Foundation and her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state."
"I don't know how many people will be able to do it and I think that's the biggest thing."
"It's a shame that the man who wrote the book was not able to get in touch with us."
"The government is expected to announce a new tax regime in the coming weeks, which will see the top rate on earnings rise from 25 per cent to 30 per cent."
"The U. S. has been in the fight against ISIS for more than a decade, and the U. S. has been able to defeat the group in Iraq and Syria."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year and that it had lost $ 3. 1 billion in the same period last year."
"I think it's important for people to know that you're not alone, that you're not alone in the world."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing it,\" she said, adding that she had no plans to move to the United States."
"The first thing I do when I get a call is I go to the store, and I'm told that there's a problem."
"The idea that a single person could have the power to make a difference to the world is a concept that has been around for a long time."
"The new system is designed to be used in a \"more diverse \"way, with more diverse populations, and more diverse communities."
"It's a good thing that we can get a bit of a break, but we need to get a bit of a break."
"The biggest problem with the system is that it is not always clear what the person is saying or doing."
"The new policy, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in England and Wales in the autumn of 2017."
"I think we're going to see a lot of people in the next few years that are going to be able to do it."
"The company's shares fell 2. 4 per cent to $ 17. 53 on Wednesday, their lowest level since June."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I didn't know what to expect from him,\" she said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in a relationship with someone who's not your dad,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, while the dollar index gained 1. 1 per cent."
"The government has said it will not impose a cap on the number of migrants who can apply for asylum in the country."
"\"We have a lot of players who are young and we have a lot of players who are old and we have a lot of players who are not,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"I've got a lot of respect for the people that have worked so hard to get here and I think it's a great place to be."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it would investigate the allegations and would seek to determine whether the president was aware of them."
"I think it's important for the team to be able to focus on the game, not just the game itself."
"The average age of the men was 29, while the average age of the women was 28. 5 years."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've been in the business for a long time, and I'm not going to let that stop me,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a little bit of fun in the middle of a day,\" he said."
"The first thing you need to do is to be aware that the person you are talking to is not the person you want to be."
"It was a good day for me, I was really happy with the way the game played and it was a good way to end the season."
"The paper said the new rules would be effective immediately, and that the government would be able to impose them on companies by the end of the year."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to play in a big game and hopefully we can do a good job,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with HIV in the past year was higher than the national average."
"It's a big game for us and we're going to have to do a lot of things to get that win."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past two years and had raised $ 1. 6 billion in the past two years."
"The study found that people who were diagnosed with cancer were more likely to be diagnosed with it, but not to live longer."
"\"We are not going to be able to continue to do business with the Russians,\" he said, adding that the Russian government would not be able to provide assistance."
"I'm a big fan of the old school, but I don't think it's the right way to go."
"\"I'm not going to go into the details of what happened, but I will say that I was in a very bad place,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman in the first place,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has fallen from a peak of more than 2. 5 million in 2009 to less than 1. 5 million in 2015."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the team,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a matter of the law or not, but I don't think it's a matter of the law,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him I thought he was a little bit old, but he's still a young man."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to have, and I'm very proud of the fact that we have a new president,\" he said."
"It is the first time in the history of the party that the party has held a general election in the last 30 years."
"\"It's a very hard thing to do, but I'm not going to give up on it,\" he said."
"The problem is that we have a very different culture, and it's not just a matter of a few people."
"The next day, he was told to go home and his wife was taken to hospital, where she died."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to have in your life, and I think that's what we're going to be doing,\" he said."
"The company has a long history of using the technology to help its products and services, but it is not yet ready to release its latest product."
"The only thing that will make me happy is that I'm able to play in a Premier League side."
"\"I've never had a problem with him, and I've never been a problem with the police,\" he said."
"The other thing I have to do is to be honest with you, I don't know if it's going to be a good thing."
"The U. S. has said it will not take part in the talks, but it has also said it will not seek military assistance from Turkey."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I've been in the business for a long time,\" he said."
"It's a really tough game, but I think we're a good team and we're going to win it."
"The number of people who have been infected with the virus has increased from 2. 1 million in 2015 to 3. 5 million in 2016."
"The report, which was released last week, found that the number of people in care in England and Wales was falling, while Scotland was still growing at a faster rate."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around it and see if you can get it to work."
"The government has said it will not allow any private sector companies to be involved in the project, which is being funded by the European Commission."
"The Government has been in talks with the EU on how to get its deal on the single market agreed, but the negotiations have not yet started."
"The company has said it will not be able to offer the service for more than a year and will be unable to offer it to customers in the future."
"The man was not injured in the incident, and police said they were investigating the circumstances of the incident."
"\"We are working with the authorities and the police to find out what happened, but we don't know if it was a robbery or a robbery,\" he said."
"\"The whole point of this is to make sure we don't have a repeat of the last two years,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are not in the business of making money off of this,\" he says."
"The men are believed to have been armed with a knife and a gun, but were not seriously injured, police said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert in Syria since the start of the civil war, but has not been able to strike ISIS targets."
"The new rules will be introduced in the next few weeks, and will be introduced in the UK as part of the EU referendum campaign."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I don't care about what people think,\" he said."
"The UK's largest bank has said it is not yet ready to offer a guarantee on the amount of cash it will need to pay out."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, apply to all drivers, but only to those who have a licence in their possession."
"The problem is that the only way to make a difference is to get a good deal, and that is to make sure that the best deal is the one that is best for you."
"I think it's a very important thing for us to be able to get that message out to the world that we are not afraid."
"It's a great way to start a new year and it's been a great way to start off the year with a good start."
"The first thing you want to do when you're in the car is to get out of the car and get a good look at the road."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 2 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace in nearly a decade."
"\"I think that's a good thing for the country, but I don't think it's a good thing for the country to be in a situation where they can't make decisions,\" he said."
"It's a very important moment for us and we've got to be very careful about what we say."
"The new rules will be introduced in the first half of 2016 and will apply to all new members of the club."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always been a good customer,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm not going to say it, but I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm"
"The government's response to the crisis is to hold a public consultation on the proposal, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year."
"I have been told that if you want to be a doctor, you need to be a doctor, and if you want to be a lawyer, you need to be a lawyer."
"I have been a member of the committee for more than 20 years and I have never had any problems with the system."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to go down without a fight, we are going to fight for our rights,\" she said."
"\"The biggest thing for us is that we're not going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
"The study found that people who were on a diet for a long time were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes."
"The most important thing is to be ready to go, and that's what we're doing."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, adding that it was \"very pleased \"by the strong performance of its core business."
"The man, who is not being named, was arrested at the scene and charged with a number of offences including assault."
"The study found that the average number of people who had a stroke was about the same as it was in the general population."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be here for a week, I'm going to be here for a month,\" he said."
"The study found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 10 per cent over the past decade."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by about 40 per cent in the past year, the agency said."
"I have to say that I have a lot of respect for the people who are here, and I think they are doing a great job."
"\"I'm not sure how you're going to get the money back from the government,\" he said."
"The police said they were investigating the incident, which happened on the same day as the funeral of a man who died after being hit by a car."
"The first thing I'd like to do is to say to my staff, if you're going to do something, you're going to do it."
"The company has been in talks with the US Federal Trade Commission for more than a year, but has not yet been able to reach a deal with the agency."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but will not be in place until the end of the year."
"The same is true for the rest of the world, which is why we are so excited about this new partnership."
"\"I don't know what's going on, but I'm not going to be surprised if it's not the same,\" he said."
"The US has been at odds with Russia over the issue of Syrian refugees, but has also been able to help the Syrian government in the fight against Islamic State."
"I am not sure what the future holds for me, but I am excited to be here and I am excited to be playing for the team."
"The government has pledged to provide $ 6. 5 billion over the next five years to help families struggling with mental health issues."
"It's a great opportunity for me to come out and play in front of a big crowd and hopefully I can contribute in the future."
"\"I'm not going to be the first person to tell you that you have to be careful,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of good players, but we have to keep them in the game,\" he said."
"The last time I saw him, he was in the stands, and I was there when he got back."
"The prime minister's office said it was \"deeply disappointed \"by the decision, which came after a meeting of the country's finance ministers."
"It's a big part of the game, but I've got to be ready to play every game."
"\"The thing that really struck me was the fact that he had no idea what he was doing,\" said the woman, who did not wish to be named."
"\"We've got to be careful, we've got to be careful, because if we don't, it's going to be a long time before we get to the point where we can have a real conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1% on Friday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"We are not going to be able to afford to pay the bills,\" he said, adding that he had no idea what he was going to do."
"\"I'm not going to sit back and say, I don't want to play for the team,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, and the Supreme Court has ruled that the government has the right to appeal."
"\"It's a really good feeling to be able to play with a group of guys and see them play,\" he said."
"\"We've got to be able to be consistent in our play and we've got to be able to get the ball in the box,\" he said."
"\"It was a great experience to be part of it, to be part of the whole process,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be a good leader, but I'm sure he'll be,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it was a mistake or not, but I don't think he did anything wrong,\" he said."
"The UK is the only EU country that does not have a single- market, so it is a very important thing for us."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to do it for us,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for the government to have a clear idea of what they're doing,\" he said."
"It's not a bad thing to have a bad year, but you've got to be prepared for it."
"\"We are going to be talking about this in the next few days,\" he said, adding that he was not planning to go to the polls."
"He said the only reason he was able to do it was because he was in a relationship with a woman who was in a relationship with him."
"I was in a car with my wife and kids and I was thinking about the future and I just couldn't believe it."
"I think the biggest thing is that we have to win games, and that's what we've done this week."
"\"It's a very hard thing to do, but I don't want to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to lose,\" he said."
"I think we have to be careful, because we are going to have a very difficult time if we don't do it."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been denied treatment for a mental health condition fell by 7. 7 per cent in the six months to June."
"The BBC's political editor, Andrew Jones, said the BBC had not been \"fully informed \"about the allegations."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in a room with a group of people who are not like you,\" she said."
"The family's lawyer said he had been working in the area for more than a year and had not seen the family since."
"The survey also found that the number of people who had a negative view of a person's appearance increased by 1. 7 per cent over the same period."
"\"I don't know if they're going to do it in the next few days,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have a very tough game tomorrow, and I'm not going to be surprised if we win,\" he said."
"The only way to stop this is to get the right people in the right places at the right times, and that's what we're doing."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not be able to force companies to pay more tax because they have already done so."
