"The report said the government's budget deficit had increased by 0. 3 per cent in the first quarter of this year compared with the previous quarter."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Justice Department and the U. S. Department of Education to investigate the allegations."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive."
"\"We are going to have to be very careful about what we say in the press, because we are going to be in a very difficult situation,\" he said."
"The government has been trying to get the public to vote on the issue for years, but the public has not been able to do so."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to do, but I don't think it's a good thing to do in a political environment,\" he said."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The only way to get the best deal is to have a good relationship with the person you're dealing with."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say and do in our speeches,\" he said."
"The report said that the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 20% since the outbreak began."
"The first thing you have to do is to get the ball in the right place and then you have to get the ball in the right place and then you have to get the ball in the right place and then you have to get the ball"
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm not going to be the guy that's going to be the guy that's going to get the nomination."
"The company said it would not be able to provide the information it had requested in the past, and that it had not received the information it had sought."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose any new rules on the industry, but that it will take action to protect the rights of workers."
"\"We are going to be working with the government to ensure that we are not only able to provide the services that are needed, but also the services that are needed to support the people that we serve,\" he said."
"The government has been accused of failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the EU referendum."
"\"I think the first thing that we have to do is to get the ball rolling and try to get the ball rolling,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Friday."
"I think we're going to see a lot of people who are going to be very happy with the outcome of the election."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we have a long way to go,\" he said."
"The report says the government has not yet decided whether to impose a cap on the number of refugees it will admit."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've been able to do a lot of things,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said, adding that he would not be a member of the European Parliament."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that he's not a good player,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to go about it,\" he said, adding that he was \"not sure \"of the best way to handle the situation."
"The company has also said it will cut its workforce by 50 per cent in the next three years, from 1, 500 to 1, 600."
"The government is also considering a plan to build a new railway line to the north of the city, which would be funded by the state."
"The new rules, which will be introduced on 1 January, will be introduced in the UK on 1 January and will apply to all new vehicles."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that, but we're going to have to,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people using the service increased by nearly 1. 5 million in the three months to June, compared with the same period in 2015."
"The U. S. Department of Justice announced last week that it would seek a temporary ban on the sale of marijuana in the United States."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began in early March."
"The U. S. is also considering a ban on all refugees from Syria, Iraq, Libya and elsewhere in the Middle East."
"I've got a lot of friends and family who are in the industry and I've got a lot of people who are in the business and I've got a lot of people who are in the business and I've got a lot of people"
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 14. 32 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares rose more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares rose more than 10 percent in after-"
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be a leader in the next five years, but I'm not going to be a leader in the next five years,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's stock rose 0. 9 per cent to $ 21. 65 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's record- breaking $ 21. 65 in the third quarter of 2015."
"The group said it was not clear what the exact number of people who were killed or injured was, but it was believed to be around 100."
"The government has not yet announced any plans to introduce a new law to protect children from the risks of alcohol, the report said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for several years but had not yet decided on a date."
"The company's shares rose 0. 7 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged 65 and over has fallen by more than 50 per cent in the past year."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not doing it in the same way as we used to."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the sport to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of the morning and charged with two counts of sexual activity with a child."
"\"I think the most important thing is to make sure that we're not just going to be doing this for a few months, we're going to be doing this for a long time,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was working with the authorities to ensure the safety of the public."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of services to customers in the UK and Ireland, including a range of mobile phones."
"The company said it was also working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how it could help."
"The number of people who have been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people that you're dealing with,\" he said."
"The team's first- round pick in the draft, he's a big- time talent who could be a top- 10 pick."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, but was not seriously injured, police said."
"The U. S. has been pushing for a more open China, with the goal of making sure that China can't be a rival to the U. S. in the Asia- Pacific."
"\"We have to make sure we are in control of the game, and we have to be in control of the game,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said it was \"deeply concerned \"by the incident, which it said was not related to the nuclear agreement."
"I think it's a very good sign for us to be able to play the way we did against Leicester."
"The first thing I would say is that I'm not going to be a part of this."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the country to have a government that is willing to listen to the people,\" he said."
"The study also found that women were more likely to be diagnosed with depression, anxiety and other health problems, and more likely to be diagnosed with type 2 diabetes."
"The new rules will apply to all new members, but will not apply to those who have been in the business for more than three years."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is due to be completed by 2020."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group for years, but the U. S. has not been able to defeat it."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, and that it would continue to invest in the UK."
"The most important thing is to make sure you're not going to be the one who gets the ball."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 20, or 2. 5 per cent, to $ 14. 25 on Wednesday."
"I was the only one who could have done it, but I was the only one who could have done it in the first place."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a custody facility."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 14. 10 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company announced its plans to raise $ 1 billion from investors."
"\"We have to be able to show the world that we are a team and that we are capable of playing at the highest level,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to be in the White House, and they're going to be very angry,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Wednesday, and the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past 12 months."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a tax on the sale of alcohol in the country, but that is unlikely to happen."
"\"I don't think there's a lot of people who are going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"It's a big game, and we have to be ready for it, and I think we did that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company reported its second- quarter results."
"The problem is that the UK is not a member of the European Union, and the EU is not a single market, so we have to work with other countries."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Sunday, and are being held in a police station in the city."
"The United States is not the only country that has been hit by the Zika virus, with more than a million cases reported in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next five years."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that the Justice Department was investigating the case and would continue to investigate the matter."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not,\" he said, noting that he had been in contact with the woman."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Saturday morning and charged with a number of offences."
"The company said it had a \"significant \"number of employees, and that it was working with the police to investigate the incident."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and it expects to raise $ 1 billion in the next two years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 11, or $ 1. 21, after the announcement."
"The government's announcement of the new measures comes as the UK's economy is in a state of crisis."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment in the company's stock."
"\"We are not going to be able to afford to do this, and we are not going to be able to afford to do this in the future,\" he said."
"The next day, the man was arrested and charged with possession of a weapon and was released on bail."
"\"I think it's a really good thing that he's been able to get a lot of attention,\" said the former England captain."
"The company said it would be \"extremely difficult \"to keep up with the demand for its products, which are made in the United States."
"The government has said it will not be able to take the money, but it is not clear how much it will be used for."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, adding that it was \"very proud \"of the decision to allow the service to continue."
"The company's shares rose 0. 7 per cent to $ 1. 25 in after- hours trading."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the response,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice to help it settle the case, but the company has not yet agreed to the terms."
"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he could help me."
"I think we need to be more careful about what we say and what we say in the media and what we say in our own community."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and that it was working with the police to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The company said it had already cut its workforce by more than half and that it would cut its workforce by 1, 500 jobs in the next 12 months."
"The only way to do that is to have a plan, and that's what we have here."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company has also said it will be investing $ 1 billion in a new $ 1. 5 billion plant in the United States."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a bad thing to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"The report said the government's \"very low \"approval ratings had been a factor in the decision to cut the number of jobs it was considering."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban for years, but the Taliban have never been able to win the war."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play in the playoffs, but he's a good player,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 29 on Thursday, their lowest level since the company's stock price was trading at $ 9. 72 in early August."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been able to get a lot of people to come here,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in March, will apply to all new vehicles, regardless of whether they are registered or not."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get the ball back and get a good result,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by nearly a third since the 1980s, according to a new report."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 40, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 28. 50 on Wednesday."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 50% since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"I think it's a shame that he's not in the team now, but I think he's a good player."
"The company's stock rose 2. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21, its highest since the company's stock price rose 2 per cent in mid- September."
"The two- year- old boy was taken to a hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"The first time I saw him I was so excited and I just wanted to get him out of there and I didn't know what to do."
"The two- year- old was taken to a hospital in a serious condition with serious head injuries, the police said."
"The new rules, which were introduced last year, will be introduced in the first half of 2016, the company said."
"\"It's a very difficult time for us as a club, but we are very happy with the progress we have made,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, and its shares were down 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has risen by more than 50 per cent since the virus first appeared in the UK in the 1980s."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to play in the playoffs, but he's got to be ready for it."
"\"I don't know if it's the right time, but I'm going to be ready,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in November."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, because we're not going to be able to say it's true,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 6. 28, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 35."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice about its plans for the project, which is expected to cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"The U. S. has been at war with North Korea since the 1980s, and the North has conducted several nuclear tests."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 5 percent pace in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2009."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not going to be playing for the first team."
"I'm not sure what the impact of the referendum on the economy is, but I think it's a good thing."
"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be back,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died from the virus in the past year has risen by more than 50 per cent, the charity said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading, with shares up 2. 5 percent at $ 28. 50."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 percent to $ 5. 60 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company reported a loss in October."
"The study also found that people who were more likely to be in a relationship were more likely to be pregnant."
"I've been in the business for 20 years and I've never seen anything like this."
"The former secretary of state and first lady has been a vocal opponent of the war in Syria, and has called for a ban on all refugees."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and the first of its kind in the country will be introduced in the autumn of 2017."
"The government has said it will not impose a tax on the sale of alcohol, but critics say it is not enough to protect the public."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract because of the uncertainty over the future of the contract."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I'm not going to be happy with the outcome,\" he said."
"The problem with this is that the government has not been able to do anything to stop the flow of refugees into Europe."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to be here,\" \"she said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be very careful about what I say,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a deal for a new headquarters in the city."
"The first thing I would ask is that you don't tell me you are not a Christian, because you are not a Christian."
"The U. S. has been bombing the rebels since they seized control of the city in March 2014, and has also targeted them with cruise missiles."
"The first thing I did was to go out there and play and see what I could do."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew by 2. 4 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it had not yet received any evidence that the emails were marked classified at the time."
"The UK government has said it will not be able to keep the UK's current deal with Iran if the deal is not struck."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than a third since the 1990s."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, while shares in the energy and mining sectors fell 1. 1 per cent."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 17. 28 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has been accused of failing to take into account the needs of the people of the country and the needs of the economy."
"The government has not yet decided whether it will introduce a bill to force companies to pay more in taxes."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 18 in the same period in 2015."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I've been in a situation where I've been in a situation where I've been in a position where I've been in a position where I've been in a position where I've been in"
"The government's new plan, announced on Thursday, will see the number of people who can apply for benefits reduced from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million."
"The government has said it will not be taking any action against the company, but the government has said it will not be taking any action against the company, but the government has said it will not be taking any action against the company, either"
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether a Russian hacking group was responsible for the attacks, which were carried out by the same group."
"I don't know if it's a good idea or not, but I think it's a good idea."
"I'm not saying I'm going to be a bad person, but I'm not going to be a good person."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and he said I should be on a life support."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and he was."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I'm not going to be in a position to say no,\" she said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital."
"The U. S. has been on a high- profile diplomatic mission to Syria since the start of the civil war in 2011."
"The company has said it will continue to work with the government on the issue, but has not yet decided what to do with the money."
"\"I think we have to be very careful about what we say, and what we say in the press,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 11. 21 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 3 per cent."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on a deal to buy the rights to the site, which is located in the heart of the city."
"The new rules will be announced on Thursday, and will be implemented in the next few weeks, according to the company."
"The U. S. Department of Justice announced in July that it would investigate the company's practices in the wake of the leak."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that because we're not going to be able to do it in the next two years,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician for the next four years,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died from the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began, according to the World Health Organization."
"I think it's a good thing that we're able to get the ball back and we're able to get the ball back in the right places."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always been very open about my views,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 0. 9 percent, to $ 17. 21 on Wednesday."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I do know that it's a good idea,\" she said."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you're not going to get caught up in the moment."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the club."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a leader, but I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this, because we've got to go through this,\" he said."
"The United Nations says more than 1, 000 civilians have been killed and more than 1, 500 injured since the start of the fighting."
"\"I think it's important to get the right balance between the two,\" she said, adding that she was not surprised by the decision."
"I think it's a shame, because I've been in the business for a long time, and I've been able to do a lot of good things."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure you are not going to be in a position to make a mistake."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a cap on the number of refugees it can accept, but it is not clear how many will be able to stay."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries and is expected to survive."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in the company's history."
"The company said it had received a $ 1. 5 million payment from the U. S. government for the work."
"\"We have a lot of people who are very worried about the future of the country,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for the next four years,\" he said."
"The man, who has not been named, was taken to a hospital in a serious condition and is in a stable condition."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates."
"The first thing you have to do is to understand that you have to be in control of your own life."
"The two- year- old was found dead in his home in the town's north- west, police said."
"The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to cut its workforce by more than a third."
"The company said it was not aware of any cases of the virus spreading to other people, but said it was investigating the incident."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The UK's largest bank said it would cut its UK- based staff by 25 per cent in the next three years."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the government has yet to announce a date for the change."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were taken to the Royal Perth Hospital, where they were treated for minor injuries."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was committed to working with the government to ensure the rights of its employees were protected."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but has yet to make a decision."
"The two men were charged with assault with a dangerous weapon and possession of a weapon of mass destruction."
"\"It's not the first time we've had this kind of thing happen, but it's not the first time we've had this kind of thing happen in the United States,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in the room are the people who are going to be making decisions for the future of the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property, which is worth \u00a3 6. 5 million, to anyone who is not a resident."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not the way I want to be playing."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a deal but had not yet decided on a date."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a very, very bad thing,\" he said."
"I don't know what the next four years will bring, but I'm confident that we're going to be able to do it."
"\"We've got a lot of good players and a lot of good players who are going to be in the mix,\" he said."
"The study found that the more people who had a drink or two a week, the more likely they were to have a heart attack."
"\"It's a bit of a shame that we didn't get a chance to play in the first half,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of 2017."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" Trump said in an interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we have to do this, because it's a very difficult thing to do,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 who have a disability has fallen by more than half since 2010."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 6 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said he had been working at the building for about a week."
"The only way to get rid of the virus is to get a vaccine, but that's not going to happen."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or bad thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"I think it's a very good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're dealing with,\" she said."
"The most recent data show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has fallen by more than half since the 1980s."
"I'm sure they'll be very disappointed, but I'm sure they'll be very happy with the result."
"The group said it had received \"a lot of criticism \"about its decision to focus on the Olympics rather than the European Games."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by 1. 7 per cent over the past year."
"The company's shares fell 1. 8 per cent to $ 14. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest one- day drop since the company's financial results in June."
"The first thing we have to do is to make sure that we have a plan in place to get the right people in the right places."
"The company said it had already made a profit of $ 1. 3 billion in the first half of 2016, compared with $ 1. 5 billion in the same period a year ago."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new law, which is due to be introduced in April."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to be a woman in the first place, but I'm not going to be a woman in the second place."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by more than a third in the past five years."
"The team's first game of the season is against the New York Giants on Sunday, and it will be the first time in franchise history that a team has played a game in the Super Bowl."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent to $ 21. 18 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's stock rose nearly 10 percent in 2014."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 25. 46 on Thursday, the biggest decline in more than a year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent at $ 5. 23 on Thursday, their lowest level since mid- August."
"I think the biggest thing is that we're not going to be able to do that for a long time."
"\"I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm going to be there,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to tell my wife that I would be going to the doctor, but I didn't want to go to the hospital."
"\"I'm not going to say that it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The number of people who say they have been affected by the Zika virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the virus first appeared in the United States in the late 1980s."
"The company has been in talks with the government for years, but has not yet been able to reach a deal, the company said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm going to try and keep him out of my house,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, but they have fallen in the past week, as investors worry about the company's future."
"The government's decision to make the case for a \"hard Brexit \"is a big win for the Leave campaign, which has been campaigning hard for the UK to remain in the single market."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a local hospital where he remains in a critical condition."
"The team's first- ever loss to the Giants came in the second quarter, when they lost by a touchdown to the Giants."
"The company said it had sold more than 1, 000 vehicles in the past year, but had not yet sold the majority of them."
"The report said the number of people who had been diagnosed with the disease had increased by more than 20 per cent in the past decade."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The fact that he was able to do that, I think, is a sign of the kind of player he is."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do the job I want to do,\" he said, adding that he had been told he would not be able to do the job he wanted to do."
"I think it's important to have a sense of perspective, and I think that's what we're going to see in the next couple of weeks."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to do that and I think it's a good thing for the fans to see it."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year, a rise of about $ 500 million from the previous quarter."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 15. 60 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the day before."
"The only thing I can say is that we are very disappointed in the way the game was played and we are disappointed that we lost."
"The report also found that the proportion of people who said they had a problem with their phone was down from the previous year."
"The report says that the number of people who have died in the past year has risen by more than 20 per cent."
"\"It's a great opportunity, but I don't think it will be a great one,\" he said."
"The UK's top court has ruled that a British man who was convicted of a sex offence against a British woman in the US is not entitled to a UK visa."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors in the first quarter, but that it had not yet made a profit."
"The company has been in discussions with the U. S. government since the U. S. government began its investigation into the matter in 2014."
"\"I'm not going to say anything negative about the Republican Party,\" he said, adding that he had not yet decided whether to run for office."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it, but I'm going to say what I think is the right thing to do,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of 2 per cent of GDP growth by 2020."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to go out and do something that I think is going to hurt me, but I'm not going to go out and do something that I think is going to hurt me,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in Syria has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"We're going to have a really good year,\" he said, adding that the club is looking forward to the challenge ahead."
"I'm not saying that's a bad thing, but I think it's important to get the right balance between the two."
"I don't know if it's a big deal, but I'm not going to be surprised if it's a big deal."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who are going to be very happy with the outcome,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for a long time, so I'm not surprised that the company is moving away from the old model."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and said it would appeal the decision."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not a fan of the idea of a woman president,\" she said."
"\"It's not like we have to go through the whole process of going through the process of going through the process of going through the process of going through the process of going through the process of going through the process of going through the process"
"The government's announcement of the new rules comes as the UK's economy is in a state of crisis."
"The U. S. has not yet formally accused Russia of war crimes, but it has said it is investigating the allegations."
"I don't know if he'll be able to play in the final but he's a good player."
"The government has been accused of trying to hide the fact that it has a very large budget deficit, and that it has been unable to balance its books."
"The company said it would be \"very hard \"to keep up with demand for its products in the UK, where it has a strong presence."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors and was planning to invest $ 2 billion in the U. S. market."
"The first thing I want to do is to say thank you to all the people who have supported me throughout the years."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new contract on the industry, which has been in talks for more than a year."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I had to go to the store and pick it up."
"\"I think it's important to get the ball rolling in the right way,\" he said, adding that he was not surprised by the decision to leave the club."
"The new rules, which were announced last week, are designed to protect the rights of women and girls who are in the workforce."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, and are trading at $ 3. 27."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and then I went to the hospital."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I don't want to be a part of the team,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to sell the shares in the new year, but it would not say how much."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play in the first round, so I'm not going to be able to play in the second round,\" he said."
"I think it's a shame that we're not able to have a debate about this, because we have a lot of people who are not even aware of it."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to build a new headquarters in the city, but was not able to secure the necessary funding."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder, and are being held in custody until further notice."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the city."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the new rules are not yet in place yet and are not yet in place in England."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that I've been able to do it all year long,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the US government for some time, but has yet to make a formal offer."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to get the best out of our players,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to give up, I'm not going to give up,\" he said, adding that he was not going to give up on the job."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 9 per share, or 2. 6 percent, to $ 20. 54 on Thursday."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing terrorists in Syria since the start of the war in 2011."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the sale of the property, but had not yet decided whether to sell it."
"The first time I saw him was in the middle of the night, and I was like, \"I don't know what's going on."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently being held in custody in a police station in the city."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has launched a civil rights investigation into the company, which is run by a white man."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 29, or 0. 9 percent, to $ 45. 30, or $ 1. 17, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a lot of people who are not in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of being in the business of"
"\"We have a very good team and we are going to win the league,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it was a mistake or not, but I was very disappointed,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing militants in Syria since March 2015, but has not yet claimed responsibility for the attacks."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say I'm going to win the nomination,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to have a very different team this year, and I think we're going to have a very different culture,\" he said."
"The UK's biggest bank said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision to cut ties with the European Union."
"The move comes as the government faces pressure from the European Union over its handling of the migrant crisis, which has been blamed on the EU."
"The report said the UK had \"no plans \"to cut its emissions by more than a third, and that it was committed to reducing its emissions by more than 50 percent."
"The first thing I would do is to tell them that I'm not going to be there, and then I'd like to go back to the hotel and get some sleep."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the group, which has been accused of targeting women and children."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than a third in the last year and is now down by more than 10 per cent."
"The UK's biggest banks are to hold a referendum on whether to hold a vote on whether to leave the EU, the Bank of England said on Monday."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not, but I'm not going to go there,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was taken to the hospital with serious injuries, but is now in a stable condition."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 17. 46 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The study found that the average number of days a person has to wait for a diagnosis to be confirmed increased by about 20 percent over the same period."
"\"It's not a bad thing to have a bad time with your family, but I think it's a good thing to have a bad time with your family,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the operation, which will cost up to $ 1 billion."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to have him in the squad and hopefully he can get some games."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the team to be able to make a decision and make a decision on a player,\" he said."
"The UK government has said it will not be able to accept the UK's exit from the EU unless it is able to secure a deal with the EU."
"\"I think the best way to do that is to have a really good team, and then you have to have a really good team that can win games,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will continue to pursue criminal charges against the two men in connection with the case."
"The government has also pledged to cut the number of people who are eligible to vote from over 1. 5 million to less than 1. 5 million."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to be a politician, I want to be a businessman,\" he said."
"The U. S. and Russia have been working together to fight ISIS, but they have not been able to achieve the same level of success in Syria."
"The group has said it will be able to do so in the near future, but it is not clear how much it will be able to do."
"I think it's important for us to be able to play a game that we're not playing every week."
"The UK's biggest banks have said they will not be able to raise capital from the UK's biggest banks until the UK leaves the EU."
"The former secretary of state, who was also the first female secretary of state in the history of the United States, was the first female to be elected to the U. S. Senate."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it was investigating the allegations against the two men."
"The only thing I can say is that I have no intention of leaving the club, I just want to make sure I get the best deal possible."
"The problem is that we don't know how many people are actually in the country at any given time."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I've been in the business for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a great leader,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company said it would not be able to offer the same service for a year."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be a leader in this country,\" he said in a statement."
"The US has been working closely with Saudi Arabia to help fight the Islamic State group, but the Saudi- led coalition has not yet been able to defeat the group."
"The man was taken to a hospital with serious injuries, but was later released and is expected to survive, the spokesman said."
"\"I don't know how many people are going to be affected by this, but it's going to be a very, very big deal,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for a while now and I've been in the business for a long time and I've got a lot of experience in the industry."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working with investors in other countries."
"The first thing we want to do is to make sure that we have a good team in place to be able to get the best out of him."
"The first thing I would say is that I don't think it's fair to say that the United States is a country that has been in a position where it has been able to do what we have been able to do."
"\"I think the reason I'm here is because I want to be a champion,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I don't have the money,\" he said."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 0. 9 percent, to $ 21. 21 on Thursday, their biggest gain since late last year."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Saturday morning and charged with possession of a weapon in the commission of a crime."
"\"I think the reason we're seeing this is because we're not seeing the same kind of growth in the last few years,\" he said."
"\"I think the most important thing is that the people who are in the position of the government are aware of what is happening,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all public sector workers, including those who work in the private sector, and will be introduced in the next few weeks."
"The first thing you do is look at the numbers and see what you can do to help the team win."
"The government has said it will not seek to block the sale of the property, which is worth around \u00a3 1. 5 million."
"The report said the number of people who had been arrested for drug offences increased by 2. 5 per cent between 2014 and 2015."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I was really surprised by the reaction to it,\" she said."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House, but I'm not going to lie."
"I'm not going to be able to play in the next couple of games and I'm not going to be able to play in the next couple of games and I'm not going to be able to play in the next couple of games."
"I think the biggest thing is that we've got a lot of good players in the squad and I think we've got a lot of good players in the squad."
"The company's shares rose 0. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a decade."
"The first thing I did was to ask my mother if I could come to the party and see her."
"The group's board members are also members of the Democratic National Committee, which is controlled by Trump."
"The only thing that's going to change is the way we're going to play the game."
"\"I don't know what the hell is going on,\" he said, adding that he was \"very disappointed \"by the decision."
"The UK's largest bank, the Bank of England, said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent on Friday, its biggest gain in a year."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I'm not going to go out and do it."
"\"We have a lot of young players, and we have a lot of young players who are going to be playing in the Premier League,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, because I don't want to be in the position where I'm not able to do it,\" he said."
"The man's wife, who was also in the car, was also injured, but was able to survive."
"The only way to stop it is to get a good deal on the stuff you're buying, and then to make sure you get the best deal for your money."
"\"I've got to be honest, I've never been in a position where I've been in a position where I've been able to do anything,\" he said."
"I think it's a great way to get people to think about the things that are going on in their lives."
"The company's stock rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Monday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"\"We've been in the market for a long time, and we've got a lot of people who are interested in it,\" he said."
"The group said it had been in contact with the victim's family and had contacted police to report the incident."
"The company said it would continue to invest in its core business, which includes the mobile and Internet businesses, and would also invest in its advertising and social media businesses."
"\"I don't want to be a part of that,\" he said, adding that he was not a fan of the idea of the U. S. playing in the tournament."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do this alone,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a young person come in and say, \"I'm not interested in this."
"The study found that the number of people who had a family history of cancer increased from 1. 5 per cent in 2000 to 2. 5 per cent in 2014."
"\"I'm not sure I'd want to be in the position where I'm not able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, but they rose again on Thursday."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to go into the game thinking you're going to win,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the club,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not be able to keep its promise to keep the UK in the single market."
"The problem is that we are not really sure what the future holds and we don't know what we want to do."
"\"We've got a lot of work to do to get the right balance between the two,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"The report said the UK's \"hard- line stance on immigration \"has led to a \"lack of effective enforcement \"and a \"lack of confidence \"in the ability of the police to deal with the problem."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks and will be introduced in the UK and Ireland, where the new rules are being introduced."
"The study found that the average age of a woman who has a baby is now 37, compared to a man who has a baby at 37."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State militants in Syria for more than a year, but it has not yet carried out a major air strike on the group."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure you are not going to be the one who gets the credit."
"The U. S. is also investing in the development of its own nuclear power plant, which could be ready by the end of the year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, but fell 1. 4 percent in after- hours trading."
"The president- elect's transition team has been working with the attorney general, who has been working with the attorney general's office to try to get the attorney general's office to investigate Trump's business practices."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a guy who's not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity for the club to show that they are serious about what they are doing,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 0. 6 per cent at $ 30. 60 on Thursday, the biggest drop in more than a year."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide any assistance to the families of those killed in the attack, which was claimed by Islamic State."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I'm sorry that you were in the wrong."
"The report said the government had not made clear how it would respond to the issue of refugees who arrived in the country from Turkey."
"The first lady has been in the White House for eight years, and she has been in the White House for eight years, and she's been in the White House for eight years."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a big deal, but I think it's going to be a big deal,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was rushed to a hospital where he died two days later, the family said."
"The man was arrested and charged with possession of a weapon and possession of a dangerous weapon, according to the police department."
"I think it's important that we have a conversation about what we're doing, and what we're doing well, and what we're doing badly."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I know he's going to be able to do it."
"\"I'm not going to say anything about it because I don't want to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The report said the government had failed to address the issue of the number of people who were denied access to care."
"The UK government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of its own citizens, and that it will not be able to guarantee the safety of its own citizens."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 3 billion in funding from investors and was working with the government on a plan to raise $ 3. 5 billion."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play, but I'm going to be watching him,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to be able to do that in a way that's not just a personal thing,\" he said."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people aged over 65 in the workforce rose by 3. 4 per cent between 2010 and 2015."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the sport to be able to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, but they were down more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on the New York stock market."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because of the weather, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"safe and secure \"Brexit and is working to ensure the UK remains in the single market."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 3. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 30. 28."
"The first time I saw him was at the end of the season, when he was playing for the first time."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say in the media,\" he said."
"The government is also trying to convince the public that it is doing more to help the economy than it is to help the people."
"\"I'm not going to be the guy who's going to make it to the end of the season,\" he said."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that the number of people who reported having a heart attack or stroke increased from 2000 to 2014."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, are aimed at ensuring that the government does not lose the right to impose new laws."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have lost their jobs has risen by more than half since the recession began."
"The new rules will apply to all new members, not just those who joined before the changes were introduced."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"The company's stock rose to $ 1. 46 on Thursday, its biggest gain since October, and it has been trading at $ 1. 46 for the past two months."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to be in the game, and we're going to be able to play them,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say in the media, because we have to be careful about what we say in the media,\" she said."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began."
"I don't know how you can get a guy to come in and do it for you and not be able to get him to do it for you."
"I'm not saying I don't have a great deal of respect for him, but I don't think he's a great leader."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're going to do it,\" and then we can go on and do it."
"I don't know if he was aware of the fact that he was in the car with the driver and I don't know if he was aware of the fact that he was in the car with the driver."
"The former England captain said: \"I've been here a long time and I've always said that I'm not interested in playing for the Premier League."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to a nearby hospital where he is being treated for his injuries."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 17, or 2. 5 percent, to $ 35. 21 in morning trading."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict in Syria has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in March 2015."
"The UK's economy grew by 0. 4 per cent in the quarter, the biggest annual growth since the previous quarter."
"The government's plan to introduce a new minimum wage in England and Wales is likely to be a major boost to the economy."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 31, or 3. 6 percent, to $ 18. 99 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down $ 1. 17 in the previous trading session."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a guy like that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who were arrested for offences such as theft, assault and drug possession rose by 6 per cent between January and September."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will apply to all new vehicles, including those with a range of more than 500 miles."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 3 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of its parent company, Facebook, rose 1. 7 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The only thing that's changed is that I've been able to do a lot more on the field."
"The government's plan is to build a new stadium at the site, which would be the first time in the history of the game."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because of the fact that I'm not going to be able to play,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but the new rules will not affect the existing ones."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not a fan of the idea of a \"new \"president."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors and was in talks with investors for a potential sale of the company."
"\"I think the best thing for us is to get him back and play him in the next game,\" said Jones."
"The first thing you need to know is that you don't have to be a billionaire to be a successful."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 3. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company announced it would cut its workforce in August."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"\"I think it's a good thing for them to know that they're not alone,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of young players, we have a lot of young players who are going to be in the squad for the next two years,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to look at the data and see if there was any difference in the way people were treated."
"The new rules will be introduced at the start of the year, but it is not clear when the changes will be introduced."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm going to go out there and play,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"\"I think we're going to have to be very careful with the number of people that we have in this room,\" he said."
"The group's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 14."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries and is expected to survive, police said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I'm not going to stop,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"You know what, we're going to be here for a while."
"\"I'm not going to be the guy who's going to say, \"You know what, I'm going to do it."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and are expected to be introduced by the end of the year, the company said."
"The company said it had been working on a new product for the last two years and was working on a new product for the next year."
"The government has said it will not impose any new rules on the industry as it has been clear that the industry would be free to continue operating."
"I'm not sure what's going to happen, but I'm sure it will be a very good result."
"The report said the government's response to the problem was \"very poor \"and said it was not clear how the government could have addressed the issue."
"The first thing I did was to go to the store and buy a ticket to the game, and I was told that I could not go."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"I've been in this position before and I've been in this position before and I've been in this position before, but I've never had a chance to get out of it."
"The two- year- old was taken to a hospital where she died two days later, the family said."
"The United States and Russia have been working together since the beginning of the Syrian civil war, and the United Nations Security Council has been in regular contact with the Syrian government."
"\"I'm not saying I don't like it, but I don't like it,\" he said."
"I'm a big fan of the idea that we can make a movie about a woman who's been through a lot."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of 2016, a decline of 17 percent from the same period last year."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the project, which is expected to cost between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion."
"The new rules, which are due to be introduced in the autumn, will see the maximum penalty for offences involving a child aged 11 to 17 increase from \u00a3 200 to \u00a3 1, 000."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict, with the number of civilians killed by the conflict increasing by more than a third since the start of 2014."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie"
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 4 percent in the third quarter of 2015, compared with a 0. 4 percent increase in the previous quarter."
"\"I've never seen anything like it, and I'm so proud of the people that have come out to support me,\" he said."
"The government has said it wants to keep the remaining 1. 5 million people in the camp, but it has not yet decided how many will be sent back."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has launched an investigation into the company's handling of sensitive government data."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new services, which will be paid for by the state."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to try to make it easier for people to get help."
"The company said the new system would be rolled out in the next few months and would be available in the UK and Ireland."
"The government is also planning to introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"\"We have to be careful, we have to be careful about the things that we say to people,\" he said."
"The U. S. is not the only country that has been hit by the storm, with the U. S. State Department warning that it could be the worst storm to hit the U. S. in a generation."
"The government is also considering a bill that would allow the government to take away the right to vote, which would be a right that is guaranteed by the constitution."
"The man was arrested and charged with a number of offences including possession of cannabis and possession of a controlled substance."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a baby in the first place,\" she said."
"The two men, who are both from the same village, were arrested in the same area and taken to the police station."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 30. 50 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The president- elect has been critical of the media, saying that he doesn't want to be seen as a \"fake \"by the media."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in a place where you're not allowed to speak,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demands of the public, but it is clear that it is doing so in a way that is not in line with the interests of the people."
"The company said it had raised $ 6. 6 billion in the first quarter of this year, compared with $ 1. 9 billion in the same period last year."
"The company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 15. 65 on Thursday, the biggest drop since March."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you have a problem."
"The study found that people who were more likely to be in the \"very poor \"category were more likely to be in the \"very rich \"category."
"\"I think the only thing that's going to change is the way we play,\" he said."
"\"I don't want to be the guy who's going to get the job done,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide the money for the next five years because of the uncertainty over the future of the project."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say that I'm not going to support Donald Trump,\" she said."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent in the past year."
"The U. S. State Department said it was aware of the incident and would investigate it."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, adding that it was \"very pleased \"by the fact that the company had been able to offer a service to customers."
"The report said the government had made a number of changes to its approach to the issue, including the introduction of a new \"best practice \"for the consultation period."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, and it has been working with the government on a plan to build a new airport."
"\"I think it's a shame that he's not playing, but I don't think he's going to be a part of the team,\" he said."
"\"We've got to get the ball rolling and we've got to make sure we're not just going to get a penalty,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next two years."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be the first person to do this."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always had a good relationship with the people I work with."
"The only way to make sure that you're not going to be in a position where you're going to be in a position where you're going to be in a situation where you're not going to be able to do anything is to get"
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in the first half of the year and $ 1. 6 billion in the second half."
"\"I don't want to be the guy who says, \"You can't do this,\" \"she said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than 50 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban for years, but the Taliban have been able to get the U. S. to drop bombs on them."
"The study also found that the number of people who had a heart attack or stroke was about the same as it was in the general population."
"The company said it would be \"fully engaged \"in the talks, which it said would be \"a very positive \"time."
"The government has been criticised for failing to act on a report that warned of a \"massive \"abuse of the system."
"The only thing that's going to change is the way we play, and that's what we're going to do."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was \"not going to be able to do that \"in the Senate."
"The company's shares rose 0. 9 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a decade."
"The government is also considering a bill to allow people to be paid more in cash for a period of time."
"The U. S. is one of the few countries that has not implemented a trade deal with China, and the U. S. is not a member of the European Union."
"The man was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he was later released on bail."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to a club and play for a club,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the situation is, but I'm not going to be in the position where I have to be,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 23 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's earnings report in December."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to a club and play in the Champions League, but I'm sure it's a good idea."
"The UK government has said it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the UK's nuclear industry if it is not able to secure the necessary funding."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results and said it was \"very pleased \"with the way the company's shares were trading."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that, because we don't have the money,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to let that stop me from doing what I love to do,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to appeal the ruling, which was announced on Tuesday."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 percent."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not seeing more of the same,\" he said."
"The government has said it wants to bring in a new system of free movement, but the issue is not settled."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next three years."
"The company's shares rose more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Monday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing Islamic State militants since the group's self-- rule began in the country in 2011."
"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've seen it as a way to get people to pay attention to what's going on in the world."
"The government's decision to give the green light to the new rules is a significant step forward in the fight against corruption."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 10. 17 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"\"We have to make sure that we don't get into a situation where we're not able to get into a situation where we can't get into a situation where we're not able to get into a situation where we're not able to"
"The first thing we need to do is get the right people in place to make sure we're doing the right thing."
"The latest figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has risen by nearly a third since the early 1980s."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing to have a young player in the first team."
"The two men were arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and are being held in a police station in the town."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 2. 2 percent, to close at $ 30. 28 on Thursday."
"The group's latest figures show that the number of people who have been infected with the virus has increased by nearly 50 per cent since the outbreak began in March."
"The most important thing is to get the right balance of the right people and the right people are going to be able to do that."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed by guns in the past year was \"significantly lower \"than the previous year."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has dropped by more than half since the virus first appeared in the United States in 2007."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 28. 60 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 28. 25."
"The government has said it will not raise taxes on the rich, but the rich are the ones who will pay the most."
"The new rules will apply to all public buildings, including those in the city centre and the surrounding area."
"\"I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't want to say that I'm against it, but I'm not against it,\" he said."
"The government has also announced plans to build a new railway line from the south of the country to the north of the country."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to make the changes in the near future, but that it was committed to making the changes in line with the industry standard."
"\"We're going to be able to do it in a way that's not only affordable, but also sustainable,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, but I'm going to tell you what I think about the situation,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"\"I've got to be honest, I don't think he's a very good player,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the authorities to help them."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent on Monday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've been in the business for a long time,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go out there and play in the big games, but I'm sure it's a good idea."
"\"I think it's important to be able to talk about the issues that matter to people and I think that's what we're going to be doing,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to give up on him."
"The two men, who are both from the same village, have been in a relationship for more than 20 years."
"The two- year- old was found dead at the scene and police have not yet released any further details about the cause of death."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the plant, which it said was \"fully operating \"and that it would continue to invest in the area."
"The researchers said the findings could help researchers determine the best way to treat the disease, which has been linked to a range of health problems."
"I think it's important to be able to say that you're not going to be able to do it in the future."
"The government's announcement of a new tax on the sale of alcohol was welcomed by some, but not everyone."
"The latest figures show the number of people aged 65 and over has fallen by more than half since the recession began in 2009."
"The new rules, which were introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, will be implemented by the end of the year."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Tuesday, while the S & P 500 index fell 2. 4 percent."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do it in the future."
"The only thing that matters is that the people who are in charge of it, the people who are in charge of the system, are going to be in charge of it."
"The first thing I would ask is that you give me your name and address and I would like to see you in person."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been registered as a resident."
"\"It's a very good team, we're a good team, we're a good team,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which will be completed in 2017."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a great leader, but I'm going to be a good leader,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a bad thing or not, but I don't want to see it,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than half since the 1980s, according to the World Health Organization."
"The government is also looking at ways to make it easier for people to register to vote, and to ensure that people who have been registered to vote are not denied the right to vote."
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and see how we can work together,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Thursday, their biggest gain since May."
"I don't know what the next five years will bring, but I am determined to make it happen."
"The group has been accused of being behind a string of attacks in the past year, including one in Paris in November that killed 130 people."
"The United States has been accused of using torture against its own people, and the United Nations says it has been responsible for more than 2, 000 deaths."
"The government has been criticised for not doing enough to help refugees who are fleeing war and poverty in their home countries."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've always been a big fan of the company,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, the biggest gain in a year."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a young person in your life, especially if they're a young person."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company announced the deal in August."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"\"I'm not sure how you can say that, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"\"I've never seen anything like it,\" he said, adding that he was not aware of any other cases of people being shot."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was so excited to read it."
"The new rules, which were approved by the European Parliament on Tuesday, will be introduced in the next few months."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm a fan of Donald Trump, but I'm not going to say I'm a fan of Donald Trump,\" she said."
"\"We're going to be able to do this in the next few years,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the project was completed in the next few years."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it for a long time, but I'm going to be able to do it for a long time,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not take part in the talks, which are due to last until March."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital with non- life- threatening injuries and is expected to survive."
"The report also found that the number of people who were able to access the NHS in England fell by more than half compared to 2014."
"The new rules will apply to all new members of the club, regardless of their membership status, and will be effective immediately."
"The problem is that we have a lot of people who are not even aware that they are being paid by the government."
"The report said that the number of people who were unable to leave the country due to a lack of accommodation had increased by more than 50 per cent."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next two years."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has launched an investigation into the allegations, which were first reported by The Associated Press."
"The company said it had been working with the police to find the man, but it could not confirm his identity."
"The study found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with cancer in the past year was about the same as the number of people who had not."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, which would be completed in the next five years."
"\"I'm a little bit nervous, but I'm not worried about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it was closing a deal with a Chinese firm."
"The company has been in talks with a number of European countries, including the Netherlands, for a deal, but has yet to make a formal offer."
"\"I'm not going to give up on this,\" he said, adding that he would not be voting for Trump."
"\"We have a lot of people who are not in the workforce, and we have a lot of people who are in the community who are not in the workforce,\" he said."
"The team's first game of the season will be against the New York Giants on Thursday, Oct."
"The United States and Russia have agreed to work together to fight the Islamic State group, the United Nations said on Tuesday, adding that it was not yet clear whether the U. S. would take part in the talks."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents if they were still alive and I asked them if they were still alive, and they said yes."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay the bill until the end of the year, and the government has said it will not be able to pay until the end of the year."
"The first thing I would say is that we have to be very careful with the information that we release."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 10 per cent in the past decade, the report said."
"I'm not sure what's going to happen, but I'm going to keep working hard and try to get better."
"\"I don't know what the outcome is going to be, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new equipment, which will be paid for by the government."
"\"I don't want to say that I'm a racist, but I do think it's important to have a conversation about race and race relations,\" he said."
"\"We have to do a better job of making sure that we're not just going to be a big club,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been pushing for a deal that would allow it to take in more refugees from Syria."
"The government is also working on a new system for tracking people's immigration status and is working with the European Union to help it."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to help it secure the data."
"The government has been criticised for its failure to address the issue of the lack of affordable housing for the homeless, with some estimates suggesting that up to 100, 000 people are homeless each year in the city."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group for more than a year, but it has not yet killed or captured a significant number of its fighters."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, but I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The group said it had been working with the government on the project and that it had been in contact with the local authorities and other organisations."
"The government's plan to cut the number of jobs by up to 40, 000 from the previous year is a blow to the economy."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The first lady said she was \"very proud \"of the fact that the first lady was the first woman to serve in the U. S. Senate."
"The U. S. is not the only country that has been hit by the Zika virus, with the Zika virus spreading through the U. S. and other countries."
"I've been in the industry for a long time, and I've been able to get a lot of people to come and work with me."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do it alone,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do when you're a young person, but I'm very happy to be part of the team,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with demand, and that it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with the demand for its products."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies on the case."
"The company said it had received more than $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the quarter, including $ 1. 5 billion in cash."
"\"I'm not saying that the people who are in the media are bad, but I'm saying that they're not good enough,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important that we have a system that allows people to have a say in what happens,\" he said."
"The United States, which has been a key ally in the fight against ISIS, has said it will continue to support the Syrian government in its fight against the militants."
"The two men, who are both aged between 20 and 30, were arrested on suspicion of murder and were released on bail."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria for more than a decade, and has been accused of supporting the group."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a cap on the number of migrants arriving in the country."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and were being held in a police station in the city, the prosecutor said."
"The first thing we did was to get him to come out and play and he did a great job."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a debate on the floor of the Senate,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy for me to play, but I've got to be ready to play."
"The government's new measures will be announced in the coming weeks, and will be rolled out across the country."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 percent to $ 1. 18, the biggest gain since the company reported its second- quarter results."
"The government is not going to be able to get the money it needs to do that, and that's why we're going to have to make sure we get the money we need to do that."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new rules, which will be introduced in the next two years."
"\"I'm not going to give up my job, I'm not going to give up my career, I'm not going to give up my family,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a one- year ban on the practice, which has been banned in some countries."
"\"We're going to be able to see the results of the election in a way that's not just a political statement,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed in the conflict has risen to more than 1. 5 million in the past year."
"\"I don't know how to describe it, but it's a very emotional experience,\" she said."
"\"We've got to make sure that we're not just going to be in the middle of the night,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was I went to the doctor and told him I'd had a heart attack and I'd been in a car crash."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the death toll, which is believed to be more than 1, 000."
"The first thing I did was to get a few of the boys to come over and talk about it."
"\"I think it's important for the club to have a good relationship with the players and the manager,\" he said."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I know that I will be able to play for my country."
"I'm not sure if it's a matter of the weather, but I'm sure it's going to be a tough game."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in the last year has dropped by almost half compared to the previous year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, which it said was \"a positive step \"in the right direction."
"\"I think it's a good thing to do, because you're not going to be able to do it in a year or two,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than a third in the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"\"I'm not sure what the next step will be, but I'm confident that we'll be able to move forward,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was taken to a local hospital where she was later declared dead."
"\"I'm going to be the first to admit that I'm not a fan of the idea of a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the announcement and would continue to work with the police and other agencies to help them."
"\"We're going to be working with the government to get the right legislation passed,\" he said."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work for everybody."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 2 percent annual pace in the third quarter, the fastest pace in nearly a year."
"The group has also been accused of planning a terrorist attack in the UK, and is also accused of planning a bombing in France, which killed 130 people."
"The number of people who have been killed in the fighting has increased by more than half since the start of the year, according to the UN."
"\"I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to win the game,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the middle of the road, but I'm not going to be in the middle of the road,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said in an interview."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a role it is, but it's a nice way to play the game,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the company's current plan is to use the money to buy new equipment."
"The study, published in the British Medical Journal, found that the number of people with diabetes who are at risk of developing it increased from 1. 6 million in 1999 to 2. 1 million in 2014."
"The number of people who have died in the past year has increased by more than half since the government began the process of making the list in 2012."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that for a long time,\" he said in an interview with the BBC."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, because it's the only way to get a good education,\" he said."
"The first thing I would say is that I'm not a fan of the idea of a woman in the White House."
"The problem is that the only way to get the money back is to pay the money back in cash, which is not the case."
"I don't know what the future holds but I'm going to try to keep my head down and try to do the best I can for the team."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent in the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 2 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year, a loss of $ 1. 6 billion on the same quarter last year."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not act."
"The new rules will come into force on 1 January, with the first of the new five- year contracts to be announced on 1 January."
"I'm not saying that we should be doing that, but I think it's important to be able to do that."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm going to be here for a while,\" \"she said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, while the S & P 500 index rose more than 6 percent."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The government has said it will not cut the number of public sector jobs, but the number of private sector jobs has been cut in the past year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the ruling and said it was \"confident \"that it would appeal the decision."
"The UK government has said it will not \"pay \"for the cost of the project, which will cost the UK government \u00a3 3. 6 billion."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a knife and was taken to a hospital."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anyone, and I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to sit here and say that I'm not going to be the nominee."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a child that's going to be in a situation like that,\" she says."
"I think it's important for us to get the ball rolling and get the right players in the right places to play."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who is in a relationship with someone who is not a parent."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" she said."
"\"I'm not going to give up on him,\" he said, \"because he's going to be a great player."
"\"I don't want to say that I'm against the idea of a single- market, but I do think that we need to have a free trade area,\" he said."
"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but he's got a chance."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 11 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"I think it's a shame that we didn't get to see the film and we didn't get to see the music."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I've been in a lot of different situations,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will apply to all UK- born adults, regardless of whether they have a UK passport."
"\"I think it's a really good idea to have a lot of people who are not necessarily going to be in the game,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a great leader, but I'm going to be a great leader,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact is on my career, but I'm not going to be playing for the team,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose new rules on the industry, but it is unlikely to be able to."
"I've got to be careful, because I don't want to be in a situation where I'm going to be in a position where I'm going to be in a position where I'm not going to be able to do what I want"
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is expected to cost around $ 1 billion."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is currently in custody in a custody facility."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, but it's a good thing."
"The study also found that the number of people who reported having a heart attack or stroke increased from 1999 to 2014, and that the number of people who had a stroke increased from 1999 to 2014."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 18. 28 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The problem is that the system is not designed to be used in a way that is safe for people to use it."
"The two men, who are both aged between 25 and 35, were arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to the Royal Perth Hospital in a critical condition."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that because we are not going to be able to do the job that we are going to be able to do,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're doing to help the community,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 50 per cent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 14. 28 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The only thing that I can say is that I'm very disappointed with the way the game was played."
"The government has also said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system until it is fully implemented."
"The first thing I did was to go and get a copy of the book and I had a few people come over to read it."
"The government has been accused of failing to protect the rights of the people, and the courts have repeatedly ruled that the government has no right to impose its will on the people."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent in the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was in talks with investors to raise $ 2 billion."
"\"I think it's a really good thing for the people who are going to be affected,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will be introduced in England and Wales, where the minimum wage is set to rise to \u00a3 10."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a guy who's been through a lot of things,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent on Wednesday, and the stock is down more than 1 percent in the past year."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of that,\" he said, adding that he would not be involved in the debate."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to try to do everything I can to help the team win,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him was when he was in the dressing room, and I was really surprised by how much he was doing."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the people of the country to know that we are not going to be the only country that is going to be safe,\" he said."
"I think it's a really good thing that the government is doing something about it, and I think it's a good thing that the people of the UK are doing something about it."
"The former secretary of state has been critical of Trump's proposals to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border."
"The company's shares were down 1. 7 per cent at $ 28. 28 on Tuesday, the biggest drop since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the announcement and said it was \"very excited \"to be part of the new partnership."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than a third since the 1980s, the report said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which will be completed in the next few months."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, will be introduced in a bid to reduce the number of people who are not eligible to apply for benefits."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a deal, but it was not clear when the deal would be announced."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell my family that I'm not going to be the next president of the United States."
"\"I think it's a great way to get to know the people you're talking to and the people you're talking to,\" he said."
"The team's first game in the Premier League will be against Liverpool on Sunday, which will be the first time in club history that a Premier League side has won the title in a season."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2015, compared with a 0. 5 percent increase in the previous quarter."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very, very bad thing,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was found dead in a field in the village on Sunday, the police said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he says."
"\"We have a lot of people who are not in the business of doing that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of the process, I'm not going to be part of the process,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a player who can help us win games."
"The new rules, which are expected to be introduced next year, will apply to all drivers, not just those who have a licence."
"\"I think it's a great thing to be able to say, \"I'm going to do this,\" \"she said."
"\"I don't think there's a single person in the world who doesn't have a sense of responsibility for what's going on,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they are not going to be the only ones to suffer,\" he said."
"The government's plan is to give the same rights to women as men, but the women's rights are not guaranteed."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him was when he was in the third grade, and I think he's a really good kid."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition has increased by nearly a third since the introduction of the drug in the 1980s."
"The man, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a nearby hospital."
"The government has said it will not impose any new restrictions on the number of migrants arriving in the country."
"The two- year- old was found dead in a field in the village, and police have not yet confirmed the cause of death."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services in the UK and abroad, and that it would be able to offer a range of products and services in the US and Europe."
"The government has also been accused of failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The government's plan to cut the deficit from a record $ 1. 7 trillion to $ 1. 8 trillion is a major boost for the economy."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next two years."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie"
"\"It's a great opportunity for us to work with the club and see what they're doing,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do it in the next few months,\" he said in a statement."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be able to do that, because we're not going to be able to do that in the next five years."
"The U. S. has been a leader in the fight against terrorism, but it is also a country that has been a victim of a lot of violence."
"The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has lost nearly half of its value since the financial crisis."
"\"We have to be very careful, because we are going to be in a very difficult position,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision, which it said was made in the interests of its customers."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice to try to get the case thrown out."
"The United States and Russia have been working together to fight ISIS in Syria, and the Syrian government has been supporting the rebels."
"The U. S. State Department said it had not yet received the letter, but it was \"very concerned \"about the possibility of a diplomatic incident."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard \"Brexit on the UK, but the referendum will be a referendum on the UK's place in the EU."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 6 percent pace in the fourth quarter of 2015, the fastest pace since 2009."
"The company has been in talks with the government since last year and is expected to announce its plans for a new headquarters in the next few months."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 40 on Thursday, their biggest gain of the year."
"\"I think it's a very good thing to have the opportunity to be a part of something that's going to change the world,\" he said."
"The first lady's speech was a reminder that the United States is not the only country that has a problem with immigration."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but it will be up to the council to decide what they want to do."
"The first thing we do is we look at the data and we look at the numbers and we look at the results and we look at the numbers and we look at the results and we look at the results and we look at the results and"
"The government's announcement comes after the UK's biggest ever poll showed the public's views on the EU were set to shift."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've always been a very open person,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important for the club to be able to say, \"We're not going to be able to do this."
"The company said it had already paid out $ 1. 6 billion in fines in the United States and Canada, and that it was working with the U. S. attorney's office in Los Angeles."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital for treatment."
"The first lady, who has been in office since 2009, has been critical of Mr. Trump's comments about women."
"\"I think it's important that we get the right balance between the two,\" he told the BBC."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 11. 65 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent at $ 11. 28."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a big deal,\" he said."
"\"I think the reason I'm here is because I'm a woman, and I'm not a woman,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 in afternoon trading on Thursday, their biggest gain since the day before."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of me being a doctor."
"The only thing I can say is that I'm not surprised by the fact that the man who killed me was not a Democrat."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that in the way that I want to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had lost $ 2. 4 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year, but it had a net loss of $ 1. 9 billion in the second quarter of this year."
"The most important thing is to get the right balance of the game, so that you can get the right balance of the game at the right time."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it was too late."
"\"I don't know if I can be a part of that,\" he said, adding that he would be happy to play for the club."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services to customers in the UK, including in the UK mainland, Europe and Asia."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to get back to his normal life, but I'm sure he'll be back,\" she said."
"The former governor of New Hampshire, John Kasich, has been a strong supporter of Trump's campaign, and has been critical of Trump's foreign policy."
"I think it's a very good thing for the game to be able to get a little bit of the ball out of the back of the net."
"The only way to get the best deal is to get the best deal for the best price, and that's what we're doing."
"The next day, the family went to the police station to report the theft, and the police officer who found them was shocked to see the body."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to make it harder for migrants to enter the country, but it has not done so."
"The only thing I can say is that I have no intention of leaving the club and I am not going to be taking any further action."
"The report said the government's plan to cut the number of migrants arriving in Italy by 50, 000 would be \"a disaster \"for the country."
"\"I think it's important for us to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we want to do,\" he said."
"\"I think we have to be very careful about what we say and do in our speeches,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would review the case and determine if it would pursue criminal charges."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you,\" he said in a telephone interview from his home in the Netherlands."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 14. 46 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in a year."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 14. 50 on Monday, the biggest gain in the company's history."
"The first thing I want to do is to say thank you to all the people that have supported me throughout this journey."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the middle of a debate,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"fully engaged \"in the process and would be working with the government to ensure it is properly represented."
"The company's shares rose 0. 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, while the dollar index rose 0. 3 per cent."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be in the room and I'm not going to be able to talk to anybody,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the president- elect is going to be able to do this,\" he said."
"The first thing we have to do is to get the right people in the right places, and that's what we've done."
"The first thing I did was to ask the man who had brought me here to tell me what I had done wrong."
"I've got to be very careful with the money I've got, because I don't want to be in a situation where I'm not able to do what I want to do."
"I think it's going to be a very difficult game, but I think we're going to be able to play with a lot of confidence."
"\"I think it's going to be a very tough race,\" he said, adding that he was \"very disappointed \"by the result."
"The government has not yet decided whether to extend the deadline, which is set to end on Monday, but it is expected to be extended for another two weeks."
"I think it's important that we understand that the only way to get to the bottom of what happened is to get to the bottom of what happened."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a good team in the playoffs,\" he said."
"\"I've never been to a restaurant where I've been treated like this,\" she said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent since the outbreak began in March."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 11. 75 in afternoon trading, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 2 percent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The U. S. State Department said on Friday that the U. S. had not yet decided whether to send troops to Syria."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 6 percent annual pace in the second quarter of 2015, the fastest pace since the fourth quarter of 2014."
"\"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this again,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of people who have been killed in the conflict."
"The new rules will apply to all new members of the club, including those who have not been in the club for more than six months."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the first one to say that,\" he said."
"The study found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer in the past year has increased by about one- third."
"\"I'm not sure how much I would have to pay for a car, but I'd rather have a car,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm sure I'll be back in a couple of years."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've been able to make a living doing it."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that we're able to get the job done,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 14. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 2. 5 per cent at $ 14. 99 on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said in an interview with the BBC."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is believed to have been in the car at the time of the incident."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play and to be able to come back and play well and hopefully we can get a result."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for the club, but I'm sure we'll be fine."
"\"I've been in the business for 20 years and I've never seen anything like this,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on, what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The first thing we did was to look at the data and see if we could find any significant differences."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to secure the site and that it would be able to continue to operate."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to be in a position where I'm going to be in a situation where I'm not going to be able to play,\" he said."
"\"It's a great feeling to be in the spotlight and to be on the front foot,\" he said."
"The government is also working with local authorities to identify people who may be at risk of being affected by the new rules."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 percent on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"\"We have a very good relationship with the government, and we are very happy to see the progress we have made,\" he said."
"The report said the government had not yet decided whether to introduce a new law to allow for the use of drones in the country."
"I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm going to be ready to go."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 4 billion in the first quarter of this year, a drop of more than 10 percent from the same period a year ago."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a kid in the first place,\" she said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not just talking about the NHS, we're talking about the whole of the whole of society,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in December, will apply to all UK- based companies, including those in the UK, Ireland and Australia."
"The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found that women who had sex with men were more likely to be diagnosed with depression."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, but I'm not going to say it's not,\" he said."
"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what you're doing and what you're going to do."
"\"We are going to be doing everything we can to help the people of Flint,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for me,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents if they were going to be there for me."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged over 65 with a disability has fallen by nearly a third in the past five years."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 6, or 2. 3 percent, to $ 18. 18 in afternoon trading."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue criminal charges against the Russian hackers."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 17. 18 in afternoon trading on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to the Olympics, but I'm not going to go to the Olympics,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The first thing I did was to look at the video and see what I could do to help."
"I was so happy to be able to do that and I'm just happy to be back in the team now."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to make sure I didn't get a message from the police, because I was worried about my safety."
"I think it's a really good thing for the team, because we're going to be playing against a good team."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in the middle of a fight,\" he said."
"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that for a long time."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very, very bad thing,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 50 per cent since the 1980s."
"\"It's been a long time coming, but I'm happy to be here,\" he said."
