"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he is being treated for his injuries."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department about the matter."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see him, and I was told that he had a heart attack."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent since the outbreak began."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm not going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 60 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services to customers in the UK, including in the UK, Ireland and Australia."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the new rules."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department about the case."
"The government is also considering a new tax on the sale of alcohol, which would be imposed on the sale of any alcohol sold in the country."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Education to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government to secure a deal for the project, but it was not clear if the deal would be completed."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it was not clear if the deal would be completed before the end of the year."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I am sorry that I have to go through this."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice to try to get the case thrown out, but the U. S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia has not yet filed a criminal complaint."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife, who was in a very bad way."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new members of the club and will be introduced in the coming weeks."
"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it in a way that I can't do in the past."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been registered as a resident."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm not going to sit here and say I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, adding that it was \"very proud \"of the decision."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the practice, which has been banned in the UK for more than a decade."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will cost up to $ 3 billion."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that because we have to do it in a way that is sustainable,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in"
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get him to come back."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year, compared with $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company's shares fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 14, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 4 per cent."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new school, which is due to open in 2017."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent since the outbreak began in March."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming months, and will be introduced in the first half of 2017."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to the doctor, but I think it's a good idea."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was \"very grateful \"to the government for its support."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to be a good dad,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to have a bit of a break,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the money, which is expected to be paid for by the end of 2017."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria since the group began its offensive in the country in 2014."
"The government has been accused of trying to silence the voices of those who have been most affected by the crisis."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not going to be able to do it in the next couple of weeks,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a conversation about it, because it's a conversation that's going to be very interesting for the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than a third since the outbreak began in late 2014."
"\"I think we're going to have a very good season,\" he said, \"and I think we're going to be able to win games."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"The government has also said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new roads and rail infrastructure."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next four years, and that it will not be able to provide the money for the next four years."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a leader, but I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with, because you're not just a person."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong team, and I think that's what we're going to do,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for more than a year, and that it had been working with the government on the issue for more than a year."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 28, or 2. 6%, to $ 30. 25 in afternoon trading."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 in after- hours trading."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks and will be introduced in the UK in the autumn of 2017."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services for the next few years, but it would not be able to offer the same level of service to its customers."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in critical condition and is expected to survive, police said."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in revenue in the first half of this year, compared with $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a guy who's been here for a long time,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new roads, which will be funded by the EU."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the plant, which it said had been operating for more than a decade."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing terrorists in Yemen since the Saudi- led coalition began bombing in 2011."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you're not going to get caught up in the moment."
"The report said the government's response to the crisis was to \"take action \"to help the people of Aleppo."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be surprised,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 17. 60 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which will be completed by 2020."
"The man was taken to a hospital where he is in a stable condition, police said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but it's a good idea,\" she said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a policy that's going to be so negative for the rest of the world,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21, the biggest gain in a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play in the playoffs, but he's a guy that's going to be a big part of our team,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to make a decision on a player and we'll see what happens,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about that,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, will be implemented in the next few weeks."
"The government has been accused of failing to take action to address the issue, and has said it will appeal the decision."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 11. 20 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services to customers in the UK and Ireland."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the current contract period."
"The number of people who are not in the workforce has increased by more than half since the recession, the report said."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good team and we've got a good squad, but we have to be ready for the next game."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a conversation about it, but I'm not going to lie."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the people of New Hampshire,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with depression has increased by more than 20 per cent since the 1980s."
"The government's plan to introduce a new tax on alcohol has been criticised by some quarters, with some saying it will lead to a rise in the price of alcohol."
"\"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm going to try to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how it could help."
"I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not, but I think it's a good idea,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 17, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 30. 28 in afternoon trading."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a little bit of fun and see what happens."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try to be a better person and do what I can to help the team win."
"The government's plan to build a new airport in the city will be delayed until next year, the airport's owner has said."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed or injured in the attacks was \"very small \"and that the number of deaths was not known."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 employees."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion from investors, including a $ 1. 6 billion investment from China's state- owned CCTV."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's stock closed at $ 30. 99 on Thursday."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book and then you can go and buy it."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the issue, but that it would not be able to comment until the matter was fully investigated."
"The company said it had already paid out more than $ 1. 5 billion in fines in the U. S. and Canada."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a lot of people in the room,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not take action to protect the environment."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by about 1, 500."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but the deal has been delayed because of the uncertainty over the future of the project."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the plant, which it said was \"very close \"to its goal of producing 1. 5 million vehicles a year."
"The company said it had already received a $ 1. 5 million grant from the U. S. Agency for International Development to develop the technology."
"\"I think the best thing for us is to get the ball in the right place, and that's what we've done,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy, but I'm not going to say it's going to be impossible,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent in the past year, according to the World Health Organization."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, which has been a key issue in the referendum campaign."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not talking about it,\" he said, adding that he was not surprised by the decision."
"The government's announcement comes as the government is preparing to introduce a new law to allow people to use the internet without a licence."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past 12 months."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we're not going to be in a position where we're not going to be able to do what we need to do."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 11. 18 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to the police,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new school, which will be built in the next five years."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to be a very happy man,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the group, which has been linked to a string of attacks in the past."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book and then make sure you have it ready to go."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has yet to comment on the changes."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading."
"The government has also said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next two years."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not going to be able to do it in the next few months,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on a contract for the project, but it was not clear if the deal would be completed before the end of the year."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy, but I'm not going to say it's going to be impossible,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him, I was like, I don't know what's going on."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the best way to handle the situation."
"\"I think the best thing that can happen is that we have to be able to get the ball out of our hands,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a very good thing that the government is doing something about it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I had a heart attack and I was going to die."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to be a part of the conversation,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products in the UK, including a range of phones, computers and other products."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to cut the number of workers from the workforce to just one."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital where he remains in a critical condition."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a deal, but it was not clear if the deal would be completed before the end of the year."
"I think it's important to understand that the only way to get the best results is to have a good team."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife if she was going to be here for me."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine whether it should be fined."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Saudi Arabia, Iran and other Gulf states to build a military presence in the region."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's stock price rose more than 1 per cent in the past 12 months."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing to be a woman."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with demand for the new product, which will be available in stores in the UK and Ireland."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year, a $ 1. 5 billion increase from the same period last year."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell the world that I am a woman and that I am a woman."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in the room are not the ones who are going to make the decision,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be the only one who's going to be affected,\" he said."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that, because we're not going to be able to do that in the next few years,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that I don't have to worry about the next day."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the government would have to make a decision on whether to extend the contract."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria since March 2015, but it has not been able to strike the group's headquarters in Iraq."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading."
"The new rules will be introduced on the first day of the new year, but will be rolled out across the country."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 2. 5 per cent at $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their lowest level in more than a year."
"The report said the government's \"policy of not taking action \"on the issue was \"not sustainable \"and the government had to \"take action \"to address the issue."
"The government's plan to build a new airport in the city, which is due to open in 2017, is to be announced in the next few weeks."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be in the same situation as we were in the past."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to do that and I think it's a good thing for the club,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The report said the government's plans to cut the number of people who can't afford to buy a home could be a \"major blow \"to the economy."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they're not alone,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 6 percent in the fourth quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's going to make people feel better about themselves,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than a third since the 1980s, the study found."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. had \"no intention of supporting or supporting any terrorist organization \"in Syria."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of the public and the safety of its customers."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The government's plan to build a new railway line to the north of the city would cost $ 1. 5 billion, according to the report."
"\"We're going to be a very good team, we're going to be a very good team, and we're going to win the Super Bowl,\" he said."
"The government has been accused of failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of me having a baby."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after-"
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools, which will be built in the next five years."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a local hospital."
"The first thing I want to say to you is that I am sorry for what happened and I am going to do everything I can to help."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 17, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 17. 30 in morning trading."
"\"We are going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said, adding that the company is also working on a new product."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government on the issue."
"The government is also planning to introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol in England and Wales, which will be introduced in 2017."
"The company has been in talks with the government since last year, but has not yet agreed a deal with the EU."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for a year and that it was working with the European Commission on the issue."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading."
"The new rules, which were introduced last year, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017, but will not apply to the current year."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out across the country."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the incident and that it was investigating the matter."
"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the club and I think we have a good relationship with them."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban for more than a decade, but it has never been able to strike the Taliban."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who's not going to be able to do what they want to do,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff and that the company was not responsible for any injuries."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come over and see me and she said she didn't want to go."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new school, which is due to open in 2017."
"The report said the government's \"policy of not allowing the use of the term \"in relation to the EU referendum was \"not working \"and the government was \"not doing enough to protect the public interest."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the short term,\" he said, adding that he would not be supporting the government in the short term."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me, and I was like, \"You know what?"
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said: \"I was in the car with my wife and two children when I saw the man."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 14 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital where he died."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a leader, but I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in early 2014."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year, compared with $ 1. 6 billion a year earlier."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I think we're going to have a good year,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue charges against the two men, who are accused of using a fake identity to travel to Syria."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government to set up a new headquarters in the city, but the government had not yet agreed."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a guy who's been in the game for a while and he's not going to be able to play."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to go out and do it, but I'm not going to go out and do it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in a serious condition and is expected to survive, police said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was ready to take the case to the Supreme Court."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say in public, because we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the problem, with some saying it was too slow."
"The company's shares fell more than 20 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, but they rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Friday."
"\"I'm not saying it's going to be easy, but I'm saying it's going to be a lot easier,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the first half of 2015, and it expects to raise $ 2. 5 billion in the second half of 2016."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm not going to be the one to say I'm not going to be the one to say I'm not going to be the one to say I'm not going to be"
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of the Australian dollar fell 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The report said the government had not yet decided whether to extend the contract, which runs until 2020, to the next five years."
"The first thing you need to do is to make sure you have a good idea of what you're going to do."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue of the new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of 2 per cent of GDP growth by 2020, despite the fact that the economy is growing at a faster rate than expected."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 21 in the same period last year."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"\"I think it's a good idea to have a discussion about the future of the game,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager and a good manager who is going to be able to get the best out of the players,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make it easier for people to buy and sell their own products."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the new rules."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the government would have to make a decision on the issue."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 30, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 2 per cent at $ 1. 30."
"\"I don't know if it's the right thing to do, but I'm not going to sit here and say it's not right,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to be a part of it,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how many people are going to be able to get the same level of care as me."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it would close its doors."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new schools, which will be built in the next five years."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 50 per cent over the past five years, the report said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new school, which will be built in the same area."
"The company said it had raised $ 2. 4 billion from investors in the past 12 months, with $ 1. 6 billion of that coming from China."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 18. 28 in after- hours trading."
"\"I think it's a shame that he's not playing, because he's a good player,\" said the manager."
"The government's plan to build a new railway line to the north of the city is a major boost for the region, which has been hit by a series of attacks."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the announcement, which it said was made in response to a request from the U. S. Department of Justice."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products in the UK, including a range of phones, computers and other products."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new school, which will be built in the same area."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're doing in the world,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not in the position to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a deal to build a new nuclear power station in the country."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we are not going to be in a situation where we are not going to be able to do what we want to do."
"The new rules, which are expected to be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2018."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me and I was very happy with the outcome."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the government has said it will not be able to introduce them until the autumn."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the group, which has been operating in the country since the 1980s."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue and would be looking at the issue again in the future."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the club,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in a room with a guy like that,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it was too slow to act."
"The company said the new system will be rolled out in the first half of 2017, with the first quarter of 2016 expected to be the most expensive."
"The U. S. has been at the center of a global arms race, with Russia and Iran, which have been accused of supporting the rebels."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next two years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 2 per cent in early trading on Thursday."
"I think it's a good thing that the people who are in charge of the game are in charge of the game."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be a part of this."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out across the country."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent on Thursday."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Thursday, but fell 1. 5 percent in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard \"Brexit on Britain, but that it will not be a hard Brexit."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 46. 25 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 percent in early trading on Thursday."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money needed to fund the project, which is due to be completed in 2017."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue charges against the two men, who were arrested in the United States on suspicion of being involved in the Sept."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I am very proud of the work that I've done in the past."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets since at least 2014, when it launched a campaign of air strikes against the group."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that I'm not going to be in a position where I'm not going to be able to do my job."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for us,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if the government decided to cut the number of jobs."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 20, while shares of Apple Inc fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new contract, which will be paid for by the government."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the authorities."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 2. 5 percent, to $ 14. 25 in afternoon trading."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and do, and we have to be careful about what we say and don't say it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 1. 25, or $ 1. 25, after the announcement."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI about the matter."
"\"I'm not going to be the only one who's going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"The man was taken to a local hospital where he is in a stable condition, but is expected to survive."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it was not clear if the agreement would be final."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea or not, but I'm not going to let it happen,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that its products were safe and effective, and that it was committed to making the products available to the public."
"I think it's a very good thing for the club to have a good player in the squad and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we are not a single country,\" he said, adding that the United States is a global community."
"The new law, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the first half of 2017 and will be rolled out across the country."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the first to be introduced in the UK will be in the autumn of 2017."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 66, or 3. 2 percent, to $ 1. 17 in afternoon trading."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I do know that it's a good idea,\" she said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a big party,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"\"I think we've got to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the media,\" he said."
"The first lady, who is also a former secretary of state, has been a vocal supporter of Mr. Trump's campaign."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me, and she did, and we had a lovely time."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the new rules."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which will be funded by the state budget."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager, and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has not yet announced when it will be ready to start selling the new products."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has already spent on the project, which is expected to cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the new tax until the end of 2017, which is the deadline for the referendum."
"The report said that the government's response to the crisis was to \"take action \"to address the problem."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21, while shares of the government's health agency fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I think it's a very important thing to do, because it's a very important thing to do for the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but it was not clear if it would be ready for the start of construction."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Department of Education, but no agreement had been reached."
"The new rules, which will apply to all new members, will be announced in the coming weeks."
"The report said the government had failed to address the issue of the lack of affordable housing and the lack of affordable schools and hospitals."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play in the playoffs,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 30, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 30."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be delivered in the next few years."
"The company said it had already received a number of complaints from customers who had been told they could not use the service."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it was not clear if the agreement would be extended."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I'm not going to give up,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 65, or 3. 5 percent, to $ 25. 28 in afternoon trading."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than half since the 1990s."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife and daughter, who were in the hospital."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which are due to be completed next year."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a good leader, but I'm not going to be a bad leader,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next few years."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"time trial of the service for $ 1, 000 per month."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be affected by this are the people who are going to be affected by this,\" he said."
"The company said it had already raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past year, and it expects to raise $ 1. 5 billion this year."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group for more than a year, but it has not yet taken action against the group."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to determine how the data could be used."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools, which are due to be completed by 2020."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, and is currently being held in a custody facility."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The report said the government's plans for the future of the NHS were \"very complex \"and that the NHS needed to be \"more open \"to the public."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products to customers in the UK, including a range of products that are not available in the UK."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors and had sold more than $ 1. 5 billion of shares in the past 12 months."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 0. 5 percent in early trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice over the issue, but has not yet been able to reach a deal."
"The company's shares rose 2. 3 per cent to $ 1. 11 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with the opposition accusing the government of trying to \"suck \"the issue into the hands of the public."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Monday."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade."
"The company's shares rose 2. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV increased by more than 50 per cent between 2006 and 2014."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"I think the most important thing is to be able to get the ball in the right position and make a play,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the police and other agencies to help them."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see what was going on."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the group, which has been linked to a string of attacks."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the pace of the growth in the number of people using the internet."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 29, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 1. 28 in afternoon trading."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a cap on the number of refugees who can enter the country."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we have a good team and we have a good squad."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and had agreed to pay the $ 1. 5 billion in compensation."
"\"I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes to the game, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who are denied access to the service."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the year, according to the UN."
"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention as we should."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he could help me with my symptoms."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a couple of people to come and see me and I was really excited."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which is due to be completed in 2017."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products to customers in the UK and Ireland, and would be able to offer a range of services to customers in the US and Australia."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 15 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the project, which will cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 6 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is now in custody."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the possibility of a deal, but no agreement had been reached."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm sure he's doing something,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing for the club is to get him back and get him back to where he is,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was \"very pleased \"by the fact that the new rules were being implemented."
"The first thing we have to do is to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure that we are doing everything we can"
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has not yet revealed how many customers will be affected."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its customers are protected."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has been reduced by more than half, the charity said."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 3 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who is not a parent,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to increase the number of people who could apply for benefits."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 1. 8 percent, to $ 45. 30 in afternoon trading."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we have a very strong economy, and we're not going to be able to afford to pay for it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company has also been criticised for its handling of a \u00a3 1. 5 million fraud case involving a former employee."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company said it would be ready to take action if needed."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company's shares were down nearly 6 percent in after- hours trading on Monday."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and is expected to announce a settlement in the case."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the police to investigate the incident."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 25 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be the same as it was, but I'm going to say it's going to be better,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me, and she did, and I was so happy."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 20, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the problem, with some saying it was too late."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and that it was working with the government to secure the funding."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year, but it had not yet been able to secure a deal."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The new rules will apply to all new members of the club, regardless of their age, and will apply to all members of the club for the next four years."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a deal, but the talks were not final."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the new contract is completed."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife if she was OK and she said she was fine."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a little bit of a laugh,\" he said."
"The first thing we have to do is to get the right people in the right places, and that's what we're doing."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we're not just talking about the next two weeks."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to lie to you."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the crash."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 27, or 2. 6 percent, to $ 1. 25 in afternoon trading."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which will cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 20 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would close a $ 1. 5 billion deal with the U. S. government."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the team to have a little bit of confidence in the players,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on its plans to build a new nuclear power plant in the country."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next two years."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've always been a big fan of the club and I'm excited to be part of it."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book to see if I could get it to the store."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 1. 4 percent, to $ 45. 30 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I think it's a shame that we didn't have a chance to win the game,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were implemented and that the new rules were in line with the law."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world, and what's going on in the world in terms of the world as a whole,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, while shares of Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corp. fell more than 1 percent."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 2. 6 percent, to $ 11. 30 in afternoon trading."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the quality of its products and services."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 15, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but was not ready to comment."
"I think it's important for the club to be able to say, \"We're not going to do this."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say to the people who are in the room,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm going to try and keep my head down and try to focus on the things that matter."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 25 in morning trading on Thursday, the biggest gain in a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to see the game and see what's going on,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI's investigation into Clinton's email use was politically motivated."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Friday, and its shares were down more than 6 percent on Thursday."
"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that in the next two years,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the people who are going to be in the White House are going to be people who are going to be able to see what's going on,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's stock fell 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Thursday."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell you that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal the decision."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 5 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year, compared with $ 1. 6 billion a year earlier."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're doing well,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares fell more than 10 per cent"
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 3. 4 percent, to $ 1. 30 in afternoon trading."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a conversation about the future of the club,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 16 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 3 billion in revenue in the first quarter of this year, compared with $ 1. 1 billion in the same period last year."
"The U. S. has been at war with North Korea since the 1980s, but the North's nuclear program has been largely peaceful."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 18. 18 in afternoon trading."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a kid who's not going to be able to play football,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission to determine how to respond."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to find the man, who was not identified, and that the man's family had been informed."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not going to be able to do it in a year,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the property to a private developer, but has not yet been able to secure a deal."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for several months and was working with the government on the matter in the coming days."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with depression has increased by more than 50 per cent since the 1980s."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"\"I think we're going to be able to get a lot of people to come in and play,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property, which is worth more than \u00a3 1. 5 million, to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for him, but I think he's going to be a good player."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, and I'm not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would review the case and would not comment further until the matter was reviewed by the U. S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia."
"The government has been accused of trying to block the release of the documents, which were made public by the BBC in a bid to protect the integrity of the inquiry."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending $ 1. 5 billion a year on health care."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a custody cell."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out in 2017."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was \"very proud \"of the decision."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to a nearby hospital where he was treated for his injuries."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me and she was so excited."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be delivered in 2017."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by about 1, 500."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital with serious injuries."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for several years and was confident it would be completed by the end of the year."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the cuts on the economy and the impact on the economy of the cuts on the NHS."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has been increasing, with the virus spreading from person to person in the UK."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were trading at $ 1. 60 a share."
"The government's response to the report is to say it will look into the matter and will make a decision in due course."
"The company has been in talks with the government since the start of the year, but has not yet been able to secure a deal."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will be delivered in the next few years."
"I think it's important that we get the right people in the right places, and that's what we're doing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 17 in afternoon trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital where he is in a stable condition."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I don't think we're going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"more open \"approach to the issue."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the problem, with the number of people who have been affected increasing."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but was not ready to comment."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not doing more to help people who are in need,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the matter, but that it had not yet decided whether to appeal."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I think it's a very good thing to do,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's going to be based on what you know and what you know about the economy,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will be introduced in the first quarter of 2017, the company said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was \"deeply concerned \"by the death of the American citizen."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with demand for its products, which it said were not available in the UK."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy, but I'm going to say it's going to be a lot easier,\" he said."
"The first thing I would do is to get a good look at the team and see if they are ready to play."
"The government is also considering a bill that would allow the government to charge a fee for the use of a mobile phone."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good squad,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come and see me and I was so happy to do it."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey and was confident the company would be able to meet its target of hiring 100, 000 people by 2020."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who are going to be very upset,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if he's a good guy, but he's a good guy,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing for the country is to be able to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products, including a range of phones, in the UK and Ireland."
"The first time I saw him was in the video, and I was like, \"I don't know what he's doing."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to go out and do it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of me being a mother."
"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be the next president of the United States are going to be people who are going to be very familiar with the history of the United States."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for him, but I'm sure he'll be fine,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks and will be introduced in the UK as part of the Government's consultation on the changes."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 11. 21 in afternoon trading."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 500."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was released on bail."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The first thing you have to do is to make sure you're not going to be in a position to be in a position to be in a position to be in a position to be in a position to be in a position to be in"
"\"I think the only thing that's going to change is the way we play the game,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, and its shares were down 1 percent on the day."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new schools, which are due to be built in the next two years."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate to its lowest since late 2014."
"\"We have a lot of people in the industry who are not happy with the way we're doing things,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and had agreed to pay $ 3. 5 billion in compensation."
"I'm not saying I'm going to be a great president, but I'm not going to be a bad president."
"The new rules will apply to all EU migrants, regardless of their age, gender or national origin."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in mid- December."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child in the first place,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 percent to $ 18. 21 on Thursday, the best performance since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company said it had been \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision to cut the number of jobs it said it would be hiring in the UK."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm happy to be here,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and would be looking at the matter further."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which will be built in the same building as the existing one."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"I don't know what to do with it."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it was not clear if the deal would be approved."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Syria since March 2015, and has carried out air strikes against the group in Iraq and Syria."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 14 in after- hours trading."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he could help me out."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a child who is not in the family,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28, while shares of the British Columbia- based company rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"The first thing you do when you're in a relationship is to ask yourself what you want to do with your life."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not a fan of the president, but I'm not going to say I'm not a fan of the president,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Turkey on the issue of the Syrian ceasefire, but the talks have not yet been concluded."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good squad and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's stock price rose more than 1 per cent in the same period last year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 14, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently being held in the town's police station."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the future, because we are not going to be able to do that in the future,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began."
"I think it's important for us to be able to get the ball out of the back of the net and make a play."
"The U. S. has been at war with North Korea since the country's nuclear test in 2011."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with the BBC's chief executive saying it was \"not an issue we should be talking about."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say that we are not going to be the only ones to do it,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to do is to say thank you to everyone who has supported me over the years."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the quality of its products, but it was not clear how much the government would pay."
"The company has said it will be able to offer a range of products to customers in the UK, including a range of products that are not available in the US."
"\"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what you're going to do and what you're going to do,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the people of Flint,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 11 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the ruling and said it would appeal the decision."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a bad person, but I'm not going to be a bad person,\" he said."
"\"I don't think we have a good idea of what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a police station."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new schools, which will be built in the next five years."
"The government's announcement of the new rules came as the UK's economy grew by 0. 6 per cent in the year to June."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we have a good team, and that we have a good team that can win games."
"The government has been accused of failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, which it said was in line with the company's long- term commitment to the UK."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"\"I think it's a shame that the government is not doing more to help the people who are in the middle,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the team to be able to have a little bit of confidence in the players,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to get the best out of our players,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities in the past to help them with the investigation, but that it would not be able to do so now."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything about it, but I'm going to be able to do something about it,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new contract, which will be paid for by the government."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman on the show,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me and she did, but she didn't."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very good thing,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"by the incident and would continue to monitor the situation."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 2. 5 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The number of people who are not in the workforce has increased by more than 20 per cent since the government introduced the law in 2009."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 5 per cent."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 30, or 1. 4 percent, to $ 18. 60 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first- quarter earnings report."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a hospital where he died."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of 1. 5 million people by 2020."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which will cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"The man's wife, who was also in the car, was also taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"\"I'm not going to be a candidate for president of the United States, I'm not going to be a candidate for the presidency of the United States,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"I don't know what you're talking about."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to do that, because we have a lot of good players,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be the only one who's going to have to do this."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 60 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work for everybody."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department on the matter."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending $ 1. 5 billion a year on health care."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come over and see me and I was so happy."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"more open \"approach to the issue."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 18, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital to see my daughter, and I was told I was going to have to go to the hospital."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy, which has seen the pound fall by more than a quarter since the referendum."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Syria since 2014, but the group has not claimed responsibility for the attacks."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said, adding that he was \"very proud \"of his performance."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the legislation was implemented and that it was not affected by the changes."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors including the Chinese government, the European Central Bank and the European Central Bank."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools, which are due to be completed by 2020."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 per cent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by half."
"\"I think it's a very good thing for the game to be able to see the players and see the players that are in the squad,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it had not yet decided whether to take action."
"\"I'm a little bit nervous because I've never been in a situation like this before,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who's not in school,\" she said."
"The new rules will apply to all new vehicles, regardless of whether they are in use or not."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for the next couple of years,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 46, or 2. 3 percent, to $ 23. 21 in afternoon trading."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Hillary Clinton."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do the job,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 11 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent."
"The government's response to the crisis is to say that it will not be able to cope with the number of refugees it has received."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in the three months to the end of March, compared with $ 1. 6 billion a year earlier."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 20, while shares of Apple fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The first thing I want to do is to get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling and get the ball rolling"
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Google Inc."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm happy to be here."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 11 in morning trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company said it had been \"very clear \"that the company would not be able to continue to operate in the UK."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in Paris, which killed 130 people and injured more than 500."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17, the highest since March, after the company said it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 14, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money, but it is not clear what will happen to the money."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products, including a range of phones, in the UK, the US and Europe."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 14 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property, which is worth about $ 1. 5 million, to anyone who does not have a mortgage."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to set up a new headquarters in the city, but it was not clear if the deal would be completed before the end of the year."
"\"I don't know how to explain it to him, but he's a good guy,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 18, the highest level since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after a stock market rally in the U. S. and a decline in the U. K. market."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 11 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The first thing I want to do is to say thank you for the support and the support of the fans, I'm really grateful for that."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for a year and that it would be working with the government on the issue again."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results of the survey, which was conducted between June and September."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue criminal charges against Clinton, who was secretary of state from 2009 to 2013."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the sale of the property, but was not yet ready to announce the sale."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has already been fined \u00a3 1, 000 for its handling of the incident."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that the FBI had not yet been able to determine the identity of the suspect."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them what they were doing."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The government has said it wants to see a \"new \"Brexit deal with the EU, but has yet to make a formal announcement."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the new schools until the next school year."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, with the first of its kind in the UK, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2017."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, but fell 1. 5 percent on Monday."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products, including a range of phones, in the UK, Ireland and Australia."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a new one."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 20, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"\"It's a very difficult situation, but I'm happy to be here,\" he said."
"The company has said it will continue to invest in the UK and will continue to invest in the UK's manufacturing sector."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year, but it had to raise $ 1. 5 billion in the second quarter of 2016."
"The U. S. State Department said it had not yet received any information about the case, but said it was investigating the circumstances of the death."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for a number of years and that it would be working with the government on the issue again."
"I've been working on it since I was a kid and I've been working on it for a long time, so I'm really excited."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the system more efficient and secure."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 0. 9 percent, to $ 11. 18 in afternoon trading."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people who can't afford to buy a home is not going to be easy."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 3 per cent in mid- December."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Google Inc."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the safety of its customers."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a leader, but I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next two years because of the uncertainty over the Brexit negotiations."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"by the decision and would continue to monitor the situation."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision to the Supreme Court."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm happy with the way we've played."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18, the biggest gain in the company's history."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has been given to the banks because it is not in the best interests of the country."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet its target of spending $ 1. 5 billion a year on defence."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to try and keep it going."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new contract on the company, which is already in talks with the state- run company."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it would make to the game if we were playing in a different way."
"The company said it would be able to offer the service to customers in the UK, Ireland and the US, but not in the EU."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next two years."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is expected to cost about $ 1 billion."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 25, while its shares were down 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was considering a deal."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for more than a year and was confident it could be completed by the end of the year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21, the highest since the company announced the results in September."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Syria for years, but the group has not yet claimed responsibility."
"The company's shares rose 2. 9 per cent to $ 1. 14 on Wednesday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, but they have fallen more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The government is also seeking to reduce the number of people who are unable to work because of the uncertainty over the future of the UK's relationship with Europe."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2016, but will not be implemented until 2017."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager and a good squad,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 percent on Tuesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The new law, which will apply to all new customers, will be introduced on Monday, the company said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government on the issue."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing terrorists in Yemen since 2011, but the U. S. has not been able to strike them."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a \"full account \"of the data, which could be used to help the government to identify people who may be at risk."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past three years and was expecting to raise $ 2 billion in the next three years."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a shame that we didn't get the opportunity to play a game like that,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next two years."
"\"I don't think we have a good idea of what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital."
"\"We're going to be able to do it in a way that's not just a little bit different,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is being held in a custody facility."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure the safety of its customers."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been arrested for offences such as theft, assault and drug possession increased by more than half."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, with the first of the new year's major changes expected to be introduced in the autumn."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be a politician, I'm not going to be a politician,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say, because we're not going to be able to say it's true,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the game,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next two years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in early trading."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government to develop a new contract for the project, but it was not clear when the new contract would be announced."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28 in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 11. 20 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the crash."
"\"I don't know what the next step is, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are going to be in the White House are going to be working people,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to close at $ 1. 25."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the change."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will be introduced in the first half of 2017."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 18. 60 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"by the incident and that it was working with the Russian government."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria since 2014, but has not carried out strikes in Iraq since 2014."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a baby in the first place,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 11. 14 in morning trading on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with the opposition accusing the government of trying to \"get ahead of the issue \"by not taking action."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a baby, but I'm not going to be a mum,\" she said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I don't want to be the one who's going to have to do it,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a baby, but it's not a good thing to have a baby in a hospital."
"The company said it had already been able to secure a deal for the first time in the UK, and was confident it would be able to secure a deal in the US."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of a \"new \"president."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people using the service."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 5 per cent on Tuesday, their biggest drop since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in mid- December."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 21 in the same period last year."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools, which will be funded by the government."
"The company's shares rose $ 3. 35, or 2. 8 percent, to $ 12. 60 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a good time,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"This is the first time I've read it."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Google Inc."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue of the future of the site, but had not yet decided on a site."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything until I'm 100 percent,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will take action to address the problem, but the issue has been under discussion for months."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people working part- time by half is a major blow to the economy."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" Trump said."
"The company's shares fell as much as 2. 5 per cent on Tuesday, their biggest drop since the company's stock fell more than 20 per cent in mid- 2014."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but it was not clear whether the government would take action."
"The first thing you do when you're in a relationship is to make sure you're not going to get caught up in the drama."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard \"Brexit on Britain, but the referendum will be a referendum on the UK's membership of the EU."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria for years, but it has not carried out a single strike against the group."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that it was investigating the allegations and would not comment further."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of community and a sense of community that is not just a matter of the people who live there,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to prevent the deaths of children in the care of the police and fire departments."
"The report said that the number of people who had been killed or injured in the past year had increased by more than 50 per cent."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new school until the next school year."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 1. 18 on Thursday."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to play for the team,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 11. 20 in afternoon trading on Tuesday."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of your life,\" she said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard and try to get better,\" he said."
"The government's announcement of a new tax on the sale of alcohol in Scotland comes as the Scottish Government is set to announce a new alcohol tax on the sale of alcohol in the UK."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone without a licence, and that it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the operation, which will be carried out by private companies."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital for treatment."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the U. S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book and make sure you're not going to miss it."
"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm sure I'll be fine."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in revenue in the first quarter of 2016, compared with $ 1. 6 billion in the same period last year."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"\"We are going to have to make sure that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the people who are in the business of running it are not in the business of running it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"\"I think it's going to be a very good thing for the game, for the fans, for the game and for the club,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of people living in the camps, which have been in operation since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a \"fair \"view of the impact of the changes on the NHS."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm going to be watching him,\" he said."
"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House, because that's what women are supposed to be."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to see the game and see what's going on,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers, but that it would not be able to provide any details about the incident."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it would appeal the decision, which it said was based on a \"fairly broad \"approach."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products, including a range of smartphones, in the UK, Ireland and the US."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the new school until the end of the school year."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get the same level of support from the community,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next five years."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see him and see what I could do."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the government is expected to announce a new policy in the autumn."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 0. 3 percent, to $ 1. 17 in afternoon trading."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife if she was OK and she said she was fine."
"\"We have to be careful not to let the people of the United States know that we are not going to be supporting them,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get a blood test and I was told that I had a heart attack."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demands of the EU, which is due to vote on the deal in the coming days."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and that it would be working with the government to ensure that the scheme is fully implemented."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide the money for the next two years if it is unable to find a way to pay for the new projects."
"The government has been trying to get the UK to leave the EU for years, but it has not been able to get the necessary support."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011, according to UN figures."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, but they have fallen more than 1 percent in the past year."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent since the outbreak began."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the FBI about the matter."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 in morning trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in mid- October."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect its customers."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in mid- December."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000 workers."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, which is now owned by the family."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the changes."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we're going to have to make decisions about what we're going to do,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for a year and was considering a deal to buy the property."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than a third in the past decade, the study authors said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property but was not yet ready to sell it."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading."
"The government's announcement of the new rules comes as the government is preparing to introduce a new law that will make it easier for companies to charge higher rates."
"The company's shares were down 0. 6 per cent at $ 28. 28 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 0. 3 per cent at $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 11. 18 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who is not a good parent,\" she said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for a deal to build a new airport in the city."
"\"I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not in a position to make decisions about what we're going to do,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government has done anything wrong,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the first phase will be rolled out in the spring, with the second phase due to be rolled out in the summer."
"\"I don't know if I'll be able to do it in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has a criminal record, and that it will not allow anyone to buy it."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in the room are not the people who are going to decide the outcome of this election,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Tuesday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent in early trading."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but was not ready to comment."
"The U. S. has been in talks with Turkey on a possible cease- fire, but the talks have not yet been concluded."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to lie to you."
"The company said it would be \"very hard \"to keep up with demand for its products, which are sold in more than 100 countries."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a big deal for the rest of the year,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said it was aware of the incident but did not provide details about it."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than half since 2010."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been registered as a resident for at least six months."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to do it in the next two years,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not going to be able to play the way I want to play, so I'm going to have to go out there and do what I've been doing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"I'm not sure how much I'd be willing to pay for that, but I'm not going to go to a place where I can't afford to pay for my own medical care."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will apply to all new members of the club and will apply to all members of the club for the next three years."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are responsible for the deaths of so many people are not the people who are responsible for the deaths of the people who are responsible for the deaths of the people who are responsible for the"
"I think it's a very good thing for the club to have a good manager, but it's not the same as the club that's going to be in the Premier League."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 16, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the plant, which it said was \"a significant step \"in the right direction."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors in the U. S., Europe and Asia."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new contract on the company, which is already in talks with the state- run oil company."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of the U. S. dollar fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The first thing I would do is to get the ball in the air and then I would go back to my normal routine."
"\"I think it's important for the people who are in the business to understand that the people who are in the business to know that they are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The company's shares fell 1. 6 per cent to $ 21. 46 on Wednesday, their lowest level in more than a year."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the government is going to be able to do anything about it,\" he said."
