"It's been a long time since we've had a Scottish Open, we've won it twice, we've won the final twice and we've never lost."
"The story doesn't start until it's over, but it's a good story and one that we'll continue to tell."
"The game is up and I'm a lot better, so it'll be nice to have a good start."
"In the last few months we've been told that the new year's celebration is going to be bad."
"The international team, which includes the United States, has already started its formal investigation, and it is expected to look at whether there is any evidence that the death was related to the investigation."
"I don't know what they were thinking and I don't think they have any ideas about what they are doing."
"The reality is that the entire world is going to be in the same position this year, and I'm not going to be able to hold a rally on the first day of the Olympics."
"The good thing about this system is that it's not tied to a single party, but rather, a whole new group of people who come together to form a single party."
"We will be taking all necessary measures to ensure that we meet our customers'needs, including providing free return flights to our customers."
"\"We've got to be clear, this is not a race for one candidate,\" Sanders said during a town hall event in San Francisco, California."
"\"I feel like I'm having a real good time, because I'm not just playing golf,\" she said."
"The rate of new investments in Scotland is currently at its lowest point since the financial crisis of 2008- 9."
"It was also a sign of the difficulty that he was dealing with the large majority of the electorate that he wasn't particularly popular."
"And when you're not doing anything, you have to sit back and be patient and be patient and be patient and wait and see what happens."
"I've got to be careful not to get carried away with this, because I know there are a lot of people out there who are going to be upset."
"They are not alone, though, with a number of other countries that are now considering similar measures."
"The reality is that a lot of people don't realise that they are living in a world of constant change."
"But I think we have a strong group of people that have made that decision and we are working hard to get them back."
"If you were born a second time and have a disability, it's a really good thing to have a disability."
"He added that it is a \"very difficult time \"for people \"to have children, particularly young people, in the UK."
"But it's the best thing I've ever done, and I can't wait to do it again."
"\"I was scared that I'd run out of time, that I'd be waiting for the police to come,\" she says."
"A federal judge has ordered the Justice Department to release the emails that were released last week, and the FBI is investigating the matter."
"If you are able to do it in a studio, then it's a really good way to work with people."
"There's a lot of stuff that has to be done but I don't want to give away too much."
"It was the first time that they had done so since the middle of February, when the couple were convicted of murder."
"A spokesman for the charity said:'We are pleased to confirm the family have been offered a place at the charity's hospital in Cardiff."
"The problem is that the point of the study is not to find out how the people who are most affected by this new drug are affected."
"The only thing I want to do is to have a conversation with the coach and see how he's playing."
"The girl, who was not identified, had been staying at a nearby apartment when the incident happened."
"The company's share price has fallen since the Brexit vote, but is still up nearly 10 per cent in the past month."
"The authors of the study found that the most common way to help people with depression was to tell them to get help, even if it's just a temporary measure."
"He said the Supreme Court will take up the issue next month and he plans to appeal."
"I have to say, this is the most important thing that's happened in my life."
"The five- year- old girl, who was at the centre of the incident, was rushed to hospital with minor injuries."
"It's not about playing at the same level as you have been at for the last few years but you have to be prepared for it."
"But they were not close enough to make the final, and neither was the manager, and it is now up to the players to work out how to do that."
"The British Medical Association's executive board is also set to meet to discuss the next steps, the official said."
"I am a born- and- raised Republican and I support the nominee for president, Donald Trump."
"It was just a massive shock to us and the fact that we were able to put in this performance on a Sunday."
"I'd like to think we have a very clear plan on how we can better address the challenges we face."
"The company's chief executive said on Thursday that it had not decided whether it would continue the expansion beyond 2015."
"He says: \"It's something that has been going on for a long time and we don't really know how to deal with it."
"I've been to many events and will be attending many more events over the next few months and will be looking forward to the show."
"The scale of the problem in this country is unprecedented, and the best way to combat it is to use technology, and not just in the single market."
"The 10- year- old boy is in a critical condition in hospital and is in a stable condition at a hospital in Aberdeen."
"He said: \"In the past few years there has been a decline in the number of people getting a taxi on the roads."
"The FBI said in a statement that it was not able to determine whether the man had been acting alone or as a group."
"I think it's a little bit of a shock to see people come out to vote and have their minds turned to this."
"At the same time, it was clear to me that it was the right thing to do in the circumstances, and that if the people who were charged with the crime had been in the UK, we would not have been so shocked."
"A few years back, I had to decide whether to come back to the UK or not, and I decided to stay in Germany."
"The average age of a Clinton supporter was 65, compared with the same age of Trump supporters of all of the other major party candidates."
"The biggest risk is that people will get sick and die, so they may not be able to get home to their families."
"We can't just have a couple of guys and they go for it, but we have to go with the team we're playing for."
"'I don't know what he did, but I'm sure he was worried about us,' she said."
"The World Health Organization said the number of cases of Zika virus- related birth defects in Brazil fell by 40 percent between 2013 and 2015."
"There are a lot of other ways to express yourself, but I think you can do it in this way."
"He said the man's family was not aware of the violence but there was no sign of him being injured."
"'I thought that was not my mother's fault, I didn't know that it was my fault,' she said."
"\"I'm not interested in having a culture shock,\" says the man, who is not his real name."
"I felt like I was in a very different position, it was a really bad week for my career and for myself, because I don't want to let anybody down."
"As for the direct price of a new car, it's \u00a3 500, 000 cheaper than the average price in the UK."
"The 28- year- old mother- of- two was taken to hospital in serious condition after she fell off her bike and fell to the ground."
"\"It's going to be a really fun night,\" he said of the team's two- game losing streak."
"A Labour source said: \"We are determined to work closely with the Scottish Government on these issues."
"But the government has not been able to convince the British public that it is the best option for them, even though they are the only ones that have."
"The current rate of unemployment is too high, and we are not in a position to address this,\" he said."
"He was attacked by five different people, all from different ethnic groups, and killed, his family has said."
"He did not appear to be in a serious condition in the hospital, but his wife said she was concerned for his welfare."
"I had to make a decision that if I was going to come out of retirement and move to the States, I would do it myself."
"\"I feel like I have been attacked by a lot of people and I have been hurt so many times,\" he said."
"The next morning, we were sitting down and we had to go to work, but then we got to work the next day, and we didn't get any work."
"\"We're not going to rush in,\" he said of the process of making a vote in the presidential election."
"There's no doubt that there are some people who will be affected, but for me it's just the same thing."
"He also said that he had to remove the driver's license from his passenger's hand as he was driving."
"The proposed changes are designed to help businesses better compete with the government's plans, which will be unveiled in the coming weeks."
"But in the last two months, he has been staying on the streets, getting in touch with the people he is supposed to help."
"We have an excellent team and I'm very happy with the result we've won and the opportunity we've had in this campaign."
"If you are a woman, you are much more likely to have a job and a family, which is why you are more likely to be in the workforce."
"This is a dangerous thing to do, because it puts the safety of the community at risk,\" he said."
"The BBC reported that he had been given the honour of a standing ovation from his family, who had been left with \"a deep shock \"after the loss of his son."
"He has played well in the past and that's why we're happy with the way we've played."
"The campaign also said that the sale of the company's shares would be illegal under state law."
"\"The club is looking at us as a potential target and I am not sure if we are going to get there,\" she said."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to ask them to pay attention to your own children, if they're learning."
"A man who allegedly forced a woman to have sex with him and then raped her has been jailed."
"It's a tough day for the Labour party, but we've got to do our bit to win and we're going to do it."
"I know they're not going to be able to bring their own kids because they're not going to be able to do it."
"In a statement, the Metropolitan Police said: \"We are aware of a male who was involved in an incident at the West Street station in London on Sunday, March 10."
"I have to admit that when I saw the video, I was a bit shocked, because I didn't really expect it to be this big."
"\"You can't say what the team's going to do, but I don't know,\" he said."
"They have a lot of young guys, they have a lot of young talent, they have a lot of good players, but it is a tough job for the guys on the bench."
"The collapse was the third in a series of attacks in which two suspects, including a man, were arrested."
"A group of doctors told him they were \"going to do everything they can \"to help him, a spokeswoman for the NHS told the BBC."
"The task force also said it was \"deeply concerned \"about the \"overwhelming \"response from other states to the issue."
"When the initial report was published in 2014, it was a big hit and now is out of print."
"The fact that we have the resources and the resources to do this and we are confident we can do it in the next couple of years."
"There is no doubt that the results of the Scottish Parliament election have had an impact on our finances."
"\"It's always good to be in the mix, but I'm not going to be the only one,\" he added."
"The system works like this: a candidate takes the form of a political party, a general election and a general election ballot."
"The Post reported that Trump's son Eric Trump, the president- elect's son, met with the German Chancellor in the Oval Office."
"He was sentenced to a total of 24 months in prison, but the jury was told he had been on drugs for a number of years."
"It's a good opportunity to do a little bit of business, because it's just so far away."
"\"You have to be in control of your own body, your own mind, your own body language, and when you have that control, you can do a lot of things,\" he said."
"The 2. 5- metre- tall figure was discovered by a police officer in the village near the border with Belgium on Tuesday."
"\"It's not the first time we've had to deal with this kind of problem,\" he said."
"But it's worth noting that the company doesn't have to pay for it, and it doesn't need to be paid at all."
"\"It's not like we're going to be able to do all the things that we're going to have to do,\" he said."
"I think the most important thing is that we all learn to deal with it and come to terms with it."
"The economic impact is greater in the UK than in France and Germany, where the share of jobs created is higher."
"\"I'm so happy with my job, I can't tell anyone else what I did,\" he said."
"It's not a big deal if you get your foot in a door and it's closing on you, but it's not a big deal if you don't have a normal life."
"If you're a 20- year- old and you've got a $ 5, 000 mortgage, you can take it on."
"The company said the figures are from the first quarter of 2016, which ended on March 31, compared to the same quarter a year earlier."
"The long- term effects of the European Union referendum were clear to both sides of the debate, but the reality was different: it was not just the UK but also the EU itself that was at fault."
"A total of 11 people have been arrested in connection with the attack, including two adults and a child."
"\"I would have had to be on the train to New York City for a while, so I didn't feel like traveling,\" he said."
"The U. S. military has sent about 500 troops to Syria to support the government of President Bashar al- Assad, a senior U. S. official said Tuesday."
"I want to see if I can take a ride on a bike to see what the impact is, and then see if I can finish."
"The company said in a statement that the changes were made to ensure that the company's employees and its customers had better access to a wide range of customer services."
"When I think back on it, I realise it was a mistake and I have to come back with a different perspective."
"That's why we have seen so much interest in this programme, and it has been very exciting to see so many people come together."
"But I think we can do a lot better with it, because we don't have to worry about the players."
"If you've been there a lot of times, you know what I'm saying?"
"The two men's bodies were found by a relative, who had come to their aid, authorities said."
"I am still very much a member of the club, and if it is possible to bring me into a team, then I am happy."
"\"It's not an easy thing to do when you are on a tour and you have to go through so much,\" he says."
"They are not safe, but they are not entirely healthy, but they have some form of mental health problem that needs to be addressed."
"\"It's not that I want to be a doctor,\" she said, \"but I'd like to be a journalist."
"But he's one of the few people that I've really enjoyed the most and I'm just happy to be back here again."
"\"I don't know why they do it, because I don't know if there are any other people who have done it,\" he said."
"If you can't get the goods, you can't make them, you can't make them on the market."
"The attack took place in the early hours of the morning in a hotel in the town centre, the police statement said."
"The economy grew at a 3. 2% rate in the third quarter, the best pace since the first quarter of 2015 and the first rate increase in a year."
"The threat level for this category is \"high \"and the maximum safe level is \"severe \"for people in the UK and Wales."
"They should be able to live in a house that they can afford to rent, which is where they have a quality of life."
"For example, if a person who is 14 years old and is a parent is given the option of having their child born at home, this would be a reasonable choice."
"The people who have come to watch the matches are the people who have paid their rent, and they don't want to see the games."
"But I think the thing that is important is that we are not giving up on our goal of making the tournament."
"It's like the guys in the team room, it's a great opportunity for them to go out and compete and take on a different type of challenge."
"We will continue our work to assist the Syrian people and their representatives in the fight against terrorism and the terrorist organization."
"I think we'll have a very good season for us and we're going to have a very good team."
"\"The first three or four weeks I would think I would be up to something like 30 or 40 points,\" he said."
"He said: \"I would have loved to have been in a position where I could have been a father, but I didn't."
"A number of other governments are also joining the discussion, with the U. S., Canada and the United Nations all urging the Syrian government to respect the cease- fire."
"I'm not going to sit here and say it's a disaster, it's not a disaster, it's not a disaster."
"And even if they don't, they are still not allowed to go around claiming to be Muslims."
"For the first time in history, people can have a chance of getting a \u00a3 1, 000 bonus from their bank account."
"The school is on a \"strategic \"plan to provide the best possible training and support for young people and their parents."
"I don't know how much time they are spending with each other but I think that's something that has to be dealt with."
"I've got a lot of people who are starting to really listen to me, and they're not getting me."
"The new rule will be introduced on January 15, but it will be up to individual shops who can use it."
"We will continue to do everything we can to help our customers, and we will do everything we can to ensure they have access to the best service."
"The federal government will be responsible for all funding for the project, which is due to open in 2017."
"We've just got to get him right and he's going to be a really good player in the game."
"It's the first time a U. S. presidential candidate has offered to run for office in a third country."
"It is a big step up for me to go out there and play in the Champions League and it will be a big step up for us."
"The center, which has more than a million members, has also been criticized for its policy of allowing abortion for all cases."
"It was also one of the biggest hits of the campaign, with the British public calling for the UK to back a Leave campaign."
"We will find out if it is safe for us to keep the car, but we will be able to stop it if it is safe for us to drive."
"In addition to the new rule, the UK government said it would introduce a draft version of the new system in June."
"The NFL will not be at the table this week because of the draft and I can't tell you how excited we are to be there."
"The police force is to be held responsible for the \"immediate and severe \"damage caused by the blast, which is thought to have been caused by a bomb."
"There is a lot of uncertainty in the world and it's not a world that I would want to be in, I'm not at my best."
"She said: \"I'm proud that I got to do this job, but it's a long way from the actual jobs."
"He was in a position where he could have a good look at the game and was able to get behind the ball and play good in the air."
"The only thing he has done in the last couple of years is to have been in front of the camera."
"'I can't tell you the number of times I have to leave a restaurant because I don't know how many times I've been at the wrong restaurant."
"It was the first time a Russian ship has been able to get on board the ship and is now on its way to the port."
"He's going to be there for a couple of years, and we'll see what happens."
"\"I don't know if there was a problem, but they would have been able to get them back to the controls,\" he said."
"He also faces an initial $ 1. 7 million fine and a $ 200, 000 fine for allegedly making false statements to police."
"It is a new feature and it's only available in Germany and the US, but it is in the works here."
"He's a big deal for the rest of the team and we're looking forward to the chance to play with him."
"But we were delighted when I was named to the squad, and I'm looking forward to the new challenge."
"But if you look at the figures that we've got, it's a poor performance."
"\"I'm excited to get to work with the staff, and to get back on the road with the guys I've worked with,\" he said."
"\"I don't think we've had a chance to really test the game and really look at the game, so it's a little bit of a learning process,\" he said."
"We don't know how long it will take for the technology to be developed and tested on humans."
"The problem with that is that it's not a really new phenomenon but it's been around for a long time."
"The United States and other nations, including Saudi Arabia, are also urging Syrian government forces to take back the city and its airport."
"If they didn't know what they were doing, it would have been a big problem,\" he said."
"It is estimated that the bank's share price is currently trading at around \u00a3 20 per share."
"\"When I saw him again, I said, \"I can't believe what he did."
"I'd like to believe that they would have a pretty good understanding of what they are doing."
"I will tell you that this is not a story about me, it is about the fact that I have been there and I know how important it is to have a good life."
"But she was also a champion of social justice, and she is now the first woman to lead a major women's football league."
"I want to ensure that the minimum wage is raised to \u00a3 15 per hour for everyone, regardless of their income."
"The only thing that I can really say about this is that I am a huge fan of the show, but I've never been in a position where I was in a situation where I was really pushing for anything."
"He has been an incredible help and an inspiration for me, and he has been such a lovely person."
"\"The guy that is most likely to get him to the league, it's not him,\" he said."
"He was found guilty of second- degree murder and sentenced to a minimum of 25 years in prison."
"The Russian military says the attack was carried out by an IS group, but the Syrian army has said the attack was carried out by an Islamic State militant group."
"\"When you think of a death, you think of the body, the mind, the heart,\" he said."
"He's a young man, and he has to learn from what happened, and learn to live with what he has to do."
"\"We have a lot of young players here that are starting to make their mark, which is good,\" said a source close to the club."
"\"I'm very proud of the fact that we have this administration, and I'm very proud of the fact that I'm president,\" he said."
"It's not a long- term goal, but we're not going to go away and stop until we win the league."
"\"There's been a lot of talk about it over the last couple of years, but I didn't think it was the right thing to do,\" he said."
"\"I didn't know what he was thinking and he had not been able to reach me and I didn't want him to know,\" she said."
"\"It's hard to get a handle on the depth of the squad, it's not a very effective squad, they've got to work at their game,\" he said."
"\"I would like to thank everyone for their support and the many volunteers who helped me get to where I am today,\" he said."
"The Washington Post reported that Trump's business interests in the U. S. were the subject of a separate investigation."
"They have become the most popular group of students in the city, the university said, but they are also the most popular in the suburbs, where they are the most common."
"\"If you're going to do it, you have to be able to put your hands up and get to work,\" he said."
"I have been in and out of the car, and I didn't want to go to the bathroom at first."
"I don't want to be the only one who feels that way, and I want to be the first to know and see the benefit of that."
"If you have a certain amount of money, then you'll be able to afford to move the money around, which will help you save more."
"The report found that in some cases, the tax was paid back by the state, and that the state's share was greater than that of the federal government."
"When you're in a bad situation, you have to make a decision and make the right decision, and the best decision for me is to go out and play."
"The company's stock rose $ 2. 65, or 1. 3 percent, to $ 25. 44 a share in morning trading."
"A doctor who lost his arm at the hands of a violent driver has been allowed to spend the rest of his life in hospital."
"\"I feel like it's time for us to get together and make a difference in the world,\" he said."
"\"This is not the first time that I've been in trouble for using my mobile phone to access or use a website,\" he said."
"The main focus of this study was on whether this level of exposure could lead to an increased risk of certain types of cancer."
"I would ask him to be careful about what we're putting into the public sector and how much we're paying."
"The new regulations come as the Labor government announced it would delay the introduction of the ACT's new \"three strikes \"program until after the 2019 / 20 federal election."
"\"We're not going to be able to get the kind of facilities we need,\" he said."
"If we're going to have a discussion about the need for a government that works for everyone, then we need to talk about how we're going to make the world a better place."
"He said he was also impressed with the training of the guys who came in during the day and the support they gave the boys."
"\"I've got a few things to say about him, but I don't want to talk about it,\" he said."
"I think it was a mistake, and I've had enough to do with the way they've treated us."
"You would be surprised at how many times I've seen him run, how he was able to get up and go."
"We don't have a national pension, we have a private pension, we don't have a tax pension, we don't have a pension fund, we don't have a national insurance pension, we don't have a pension system."
"\"The chairman believes that there is no point in a family meeting as a matter of routine,\" he said."
"A week later, in August 2015, she was stabbed to death in her apartment by an unknown suspect, a crime she'd committed three times before."
"\"I don't think I could have done it without the support of my family,\" she said."
"I don't know why I don't get the job but I don't think I can change the way I work."
"I don't know if it's a bad thing or a bad thing, but I just don't know what the game was like."
"If the government doesn't want to take on the burden on the NHS, the NHS needs to be protected."
"You don't have to be a big head to know that the car is going to take you somewhere."
"\"I've got a lot of work to do,\" said the 24- year- old who works as a security guard."
"If he's not, then we will take him to a place where he will be able to have some sleep."
"He has been through a lot and will be a great asset to us in the long run."
"\"There is no doubt that we will have to invest in the skills that we need to get the next generation of immigrants to have the opportunity to work,\" he said."
"The next president of the United States is going to have to go beyond the rhetoric of the past and also have a policy of taking action on this issue, in order to win the presidency."
"The programme has been a favourite of the British government's foreign policy vision and it is being welcomed by the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson."
"It's been a good season for us and we have been in the Champions League since we left."
"\"We have a massive responsibility to provide support to those in need, including the injured and the sick,\" he said."
"He has been an important player for us and I don't think we want him to get injured again."
"It was a nice place to be, and we have been here for 20 years and it was always a good place to be."
"In fact, the evidence shows that the number of people who have been able to make a claim in this way has fallen by around a third in the past decade."
"You need to know what is going to happen to you and what the consequences are for your future."
"In fact, they are the only two teams in the top five that have ever had two or three of those games in the same year."
"It's very difficult to stay on the pitch and stay in the team, and that's what he's doing."
"He said:'I'm so happy to have come here and see the pictures, it's been a long time coming."
"\"It's not the first time I've had to walk up to a woman and say \"I love you, you're beautiful,\" \"she said."
"In a poll of MPs, nearly half (48 per cent) said they felt more comfortable with the way the UK voted in the referendum."
"The latest figures show that the NHS is performing better than it has been for the previous year, with the overall improvement in spending for the year to date recorded as 0. 5 per cent."
"\"I don't think it was the right decision to make, but we will work with the government on that,\" he said."
"The role of a minister in a government is to work with the government and then to try and convince them that they have to do the right thing."
"A Queensland police spokesman said the man was not believed to be in a serious condition in a hospital."
"\"The issue that I have been having is, I don't know if he was ever able to get his hands on that,\" he said."
"\"We can't have a Republican Congress if the president doesn't know what he's talking about,\" he said."
"The Russian military has launched more than 1, 000 airstrikes against the Islamic State militant group since the group launched a major offensive in Syria in August."
"The decision was taken after a lengthy consultation with the public and is expected to be final within a few days."
"\"The way I've played in the last couple of weeks has been quite impressive and I feel very confident in my game,\" he said."
"The report found that at least nine in 10 children who are aged between six and 12 have been exposed to lead in their household."
"\"I have a feeling that they will never be able to afford it,\" he said, adding that he would like to see the measure passed."
"\"We've never been in this position before, so I don't know how many people are going to be involved in this,\" he said."
"The researchers said the researchers should be able to determine how much of an effect such a drug could have on the brain in the long term."
"I think the world is more important now than ever, and it's the same with all sports, but it's not the same with all of us."
"The government says it wants to get the deal completed by the end of March, but the process is still not completed."
"We've got the right mix of guys on the pitch and it's not going to be a simple game."
"The U. S. Supreme Court on Tuesday said the government cannot force Apple to give up access to its data."
"If you have a problem, ask the person who is going to be in the house when you arrive and see if there is a problem on the line."
"The concern is that this could be the last chance for anyone to be able to take their own life, even if they want to."
"The former secretary of state, who is also a Democrat, has not endorsed Mr Trump, who has not yet officially announced his presidential bid."
"The two- time Olympic champion was involved in a collision at the beginning of the second half and had to be checked by a specialist."
"The next time you're in a shop, be sure to take a look at the paper to see if you can spot a pattern."
"I was the one who had to take the responsibility for that, and I'm the one who can't do that."
"\"I am always going to make a point of putting my head up,\" she said in a recent interview."
"I think it's a good thing that we've got this last round of the season, and hopefully I can get the best out of myself."
"As a result, some people have gone so far as to deny the existence of the \"girl \"in the photograph."
"The release of the video, which has been viewed more than 100 million times, will be made public at a later date, a spokesman said."
"\"I think it's a shame that he was sent to the police station and that he was never found,\" she said."
"It's not like we're going to take away a little bit of the power, it's just going to take them to a place where they can be comfortable."
"We are so happy that we have the opportunity to work with our teammates to help them develop and prepare the young players."
"The company will also begin testing an online service for both iPhone and other devices, which will make it easier for customers to find out what is happening on the web."
"We have to do something in the form of giving people a sense of what this is all about, to help them to get to the top."
"This is a choice that will have a significant impact on the economy and the health of the country, and will affect all those who work and live here."
"But it's not the only time they've been going after women, either."
"The youngest, who was also the first to die in the car crash, was taken to hospital in stable condition."
"It's not easy to have a private conversation with a leader of the opposition and not to know what is going to happen."
"The results also showed that the \"top 1 per cent of people \"were significantly more likely to die from the disease than those who were not."
"The people I spoke to who were not too keen on the establishment of a Labour government said it would be a disaster for the country."
"This is a political question, and it's not the only one, but it's a political issue, and it's something that will be addressed in a way that is not only fair, but also relevant to the future of our country."
"The U. S. State Department said the group is targeting at least three people in Aleppo, including a Turkish citizen."
"The man was able to escape and then police arrived and arrested him, but he was not charged with any offence."
"\"I think you can learn a lot from your teammates, from the guys you've got on the field, how they handle it,\" he said."
"\"I'm not worried about my body, I'm worried about what I'm going to do next,\" he said."
"In a statement, the agency said: \"We are working with the city to develop a plan for the future."
"And, to be fair, we've never been asked to do it by any government, because we have no interest in doing it."
"The fact that we are a small country with a lot of great people who are not from the world and we don't want to be that is a big deal."
"\"It's a challenge for me to get the best out of them and to get the best out of them when they're just not there,\" he said."
"The system of social security that is in place today is not sustainable and it has a very serious negative impact on the environment."
"\"It's a shame I didn't get to see the final,\" he told the club's website."
"But the economy is still not quite there, and many economists fear a negative inflation rate could be a factor in the decision not to cut spending."
"But it's still up in the air- we don't know what the terms will be until the data is available."
"But we're also going to look at a lot of different areas that we're going to look at and try to help people get the best care for themselves and their families and their friends."
"He said: \"We have got to have some sort of plan to get back to where we were before the referendum."
"\"I didn't know what was going on but I just felt like I had to try to stay positive,\" he said."
"The reason why I have been a Conservative for so many years is that I've been at the top of my game."
"The family members have been charged with offences ranging from murder to child abuse and were being sought by police."
"The group of people she's talking to have a lot more awareness of the disease, and they're more likely to be aware of the things they can do to prevent it."
"He said:'I was too scared to go out because I didn't want to be in the back of the car."
"It's nice to be back and to be here with my family and to have a new life, but I feel like I've changed a lot over my life."
"I've always said that I've never been in a relationship where I was happy with myself, or happy with someone else."
"I know I can be quite good at some things and I know I'm not good at others, but I'm going to try and play my best tennis."
"The Raiders have won three of their past four games and have won two of their three meetings with the Panthers."
"He is a good player but I have to ask him what he would do if he were back here."
"\"I have to understand that I can't be sitting at the bar and saying that I have to go to work,\" she said."
"\"I didn't even know what that was, but I was in shock,\" she said in a telephone interview from the hospital on Monday."
"I think that's something that we've been working on and it's going to be a really big part of what we do."
"That's not a bad way to go, it's just that he was caught in the act and was sentenced to a year in prison."
"We have had a lot of issues and there is a lot of pressure on us and I'm proud of that."
"It's been a very tough year for me as a player but I can't wait to get out there and help my team win this series."
"The researchers said they found that the belief among most voters that Britain was a great place to live was not significantly different from the belief among most voters that the UK was not a great place to work."
"A European Union source said: \"The EU is moving away from the traditional model of building a European Union in the 21st century."
"This is the third time in the last four years that the United States has asked Turkey to join the European Union."
"\"I don't have a problem with the prime minister's personal life but I do have a problem with the European Union,\" he told the BBC."
"As a result, the UK has lost the right to tax in the European Union, and the country's position in the world has changed significantly."
"The U. S., which has been accused of supporting the group, also said it had no evidence to back up the claim."
"I am going to tell you the truth- I'm going to tell you what I've been told in the last few weeks, and I'm going to tell you the truth, and I'm going to tell you what I've been told"
"I am trying to be the best I can for my team and that is what we are trying to do."
"In a bid to get more of them into the game, the company has also been asked to make it harder for children to play games."
"They are a first- class team and a great way to have a first- class moment."
"\"I can't wait for the full moon to come out and you can see all the lights,\" she said."
"You can't do that on the regular and I'm not worried about that."
"\"I was really happy to get a piece of paper for the first time, and I'm pretty sure it's the only piece of paper in the world,\" he said."
"I'm a woman and I don't want to be the one who's going to have to do that."
"\"I think it's the right thing to do, but we have to make sure that our athletes are safe,\" he said."
"The hotel was built for the French president in the 1980s, and the building is still used today for many people."
"The Republican nominee said the U. S. was \"very much in the process of taking over \"the world."
"But in a debate about whether the EU should keep Britain's access to the single market, Mr Cameron said he would be willing to work with the UK on trade arrangements."
"That's a lot of money for a team, but he's a great example of how to handle it."
"The charity said the home was in the middle of a busy day when it was knocked over by a car and the driver had not been injured."
"\"It was a lot of fun to work with people who knew me as a kid and to go from being a really, really good writer to being a very, very bad writer,\" she said."
"The rules governing the protection of children from sexual assault are being reviewed after a woman was allegedly raped by a male in a car."
"For example, the company is trying to match customers to its own service, which is free, with a pay- as- you- play model that does not require a bank account."
"You've got to have a plan and understand what you're doing and when you're going to do it, and when you're going to stop doing it, then you have to do something about it."
"\"When you're away from the family, it's easy to get lost in the family,\" she said."
"And the way I saw it, I'm not sure that he was the sort of person who would do that."
"The report shows the city has a long- term economic impact, but the cost of providing housing and services is likely to be too high."
"It's been a long time coming, but it's been a fun ride and it's something that I'll never forget."
"I didn't know that I'd be able to work with the government and be able to stand up to them."
"The video has gone viral, and it has sparked a debate on social media as to whether or not it is real."
"I think it's a shame we've lost so many of the great artists, because we've lost so much."
"The company said it had made \"significant progress \"in the last year, but it had to wait for more data to be released before making any major decisions."
"The Turkish government has been accused of failing to protect the country's own security from the Islamic State group."
"\"They are very lucky to have been able to find their parents alive and well,\" he said."
"\"If you look at the figures, we've got a lot of young people who are out there waiting to get their hands on the new technology,\" he said."
"The woman was taken to a hospital and a police spokesman said the woman's injuries were not life- threatening."
"The Chinese government has rejected the proposal, saying that it is an attempt to make it easier for Chinese firms to take advantage of the high price of U. S. steel."
"I think he did a good job, and it's hard to see where that was even more consistent than in the first half."
"It's a long- term project, so we have to be careful with it and see how it goes."
"At the same time, Trump's business interests in Russia have led him to claim he is more interested in building relationships with Moscow than in keeping them."
"I don't think it's fair, because I think it's a great opportunity, and we need a win."
"I've got a few of them now and I've got to go out there and play the way I want to play."
"The law allows for a maximum of five years for a person convicted of a serious offence of domestic violence to be released from custody."
"There's a lot of people out there who are still trying to make a living, and we have a responsibility to them."
"I've got to be careful, because I don't want to give away too much of my life for a lot of people."
"\"They are a good group of players and I think it's a good group of players to play against and win against,\" said Hamilton."
"It's also part of the people's history, the history of the union, of the history of what we have done, and of how we've come to be here."
"The number of people who have suffered from depression in their lifetime has increased from 2. 7 million in 1990 to 3. 5 million in 2014, the researchers said."
"If you don't have a decent insurance policy, you could also find it hard to cover a job or health care."
"The second is that the primary has a greater impact on a candidate's ability to compete for delegates."
"I've never met someone who didn't want to go out on the town and go to a club with a big crowd."
"It's only in the last three years that I've had a break- in, so I can't expect any more."
"I don't think there is any way I can do this in the big games because the big games are going to be so much easier."
"A British man has been jailed for five years after he was found guilty of trying to sell a woman for sex."
"\"The first thing I want to say to the young people who are going to vote is that you are in the wrong,\" he said."
"It is estimated that up to one million people have been displaced since the fighting began, and more than 600, 000 people have been displaced since the start of the fighting."
"'But we know it's not the sort of thing that you'd expect,' she told the BBC."
"I was very worried that I'd be locked out and that I'd be locked out for 10 days, then I was given a ticket."
"The biggest worry is that the longer- term effects of the Brexit vote on employment and wages could have a negative effect on the economy."
"The official said that the move is part of a planned move away from a focus on international affairs, focusing on issues of local, regional and global importance."
"You've got to be a real good tennis coach, and there's no reason you can't be."
"The original plan was to build the building at a cost of $ 1 million and sell it for $ 1. 6 million, but the company had to raise $ 5. 5 million."
"She said the couple had a common- sense approach to work- and it's the first time they'd seen each other for years."
"It's great to see a little bit of improvement and get better, but for me it's not the best experience."
"A couple of years ago I was a bit of a political refugee, and now I'm part of an organization that is trying to help those who can't."
"\"He's the one I was hoping to get in, and he's the one I've got a good relationship with,\" she says."
"The firm has been in talks with the Bank since December, which means it would be unlikely to be released until next month."
"That's the price of an open market economy, which is not something that's always easy to understand, even for the majority of people."
"There's a lot of people who think that I'm just a baby, but I've always been a baby."
"\"We're going to build a wall between Mexico and the United States and we're going to do that in two to three months,\" he said."
"I'm so happy to be a part of it, but I know it's not the kind of thing you're used to seeing."
"'I think it's more about how you use the word, how you write it,' she says."
"A Scottish Government spokesperson said: \"We are committed to ensuring that all Scottish children are safe, secure and engaged at school, and this includes the right to a safe school education."
"It's not clear whether the one- day sale will be completed in time for the 2015 season, which begins in January."
"\"You can't just pick and choose and not get out there and do what you've got to do,\" he said."
"\"We know that there is a high degree of risk associated with using cannabis for medical reasons,\" he said."
"\"It was hard to think of a better way to do it than to leave the UK,\" he said."
"We are a bit of a bottom- end side but we have got to play our best football and compete for the title."
"The video has already been watched over 800, 000 times and the military has launched a massive campaign of strikes against the rebels."
"The BBC News website reported that police had requested to speak to a number of people in the area who had been informed of the discovery."
"In a statement, the company said: \"The new policy will help us reduce the number of calls in the future."
"'But when I got home, I saw it was a police car and a police officer driving it,' he said."
"\"The violence against women in the street has led to the loss of women's jobs, their homes and their jobs,\" she said."
"And the U. S. is only two percentage points behind Russia in the number of airstrikes it has conducted in Syria."
"I would like to thank the entire staff at the school and the staff and students, as well as our staff, for their support throughout this difficult time."
"\"It's not about the money, it's about the people who are making the money,\" he said."
"The man was a veteran of the French Army and was a member of a group of about 40 fighters that were attacking the city from the west."
"He added:'We have to be very careful in the long run because it's not going to be easy."
"You can get to a place like that and you've got to take care of your body and you've got to have a good race day."
"The findings, which are expected to be published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, are based on the first ever study of a non- clinical treatment."
"If you look at the top 20 teams in the world, just because they are Asian, doesn't mean they're good."
"'But you're not going to see him here because he's a good person,' he said."
"The FBI said it is \"deeply disappointed \"with the decision and that it would like to hear from anyone who may have been affected."
"The government has not said how many people may have been killed in the strikes, but says more than 10, 000 people are estimated to have been displaced."
"The European Commission has warned that the UK could face a \"full scale recession \"if its economy doesn't grow at its pace."
"It's a good day for a number of reasons- you've got to make sure you're playing well, and it's a good thing when you're playing well."
"I'm not a big fan of the idea of having a lawyer, because they don't do anything for you."
"The university is now using the money to build a new campus, which will be smaller and more affordable than what was originally planned."
"\"If you look at the numbers, they are one to two times what we've seen,\" he said."
"The reason I don't want to go to work is because I'm a woman, and I'm not."
"The Rams are in a one- game window on a four- game road trip that includes two games at home and four at home against the New York Giants."
"In addition to the win over Australia, the Australian team will face the French team in Melbourne next weekend, the first Australian to do so in the group stage."
"The service said it had been working with the Metropolitan Police Agency to help it identify the man, who has not been identified, and was not believed to be armed."
"I have always been a person who says I have to make a difference in the game to win, and I have been on that message."
"A lot of the people who have been able to come through the doors and get into the game really have given us a lot of confidence."
"\"We are going to do it in a couple of weeks, so we're going to be ready to go,\" he said."
"The couple's assets are worth about \u00a3 25, 000 each, and they have a combined total of \u00a3 300, 000 in assets."
"\"When you have a history of playing a game with the fear of failure, it can really make you go on a journey,\" he said."
"It is not clear how many women are currently involved in the pilot and a spokesman for the Met Police said that there was no additional information to confirm the number of women involved."
"In fact, in one instance, the app encouraged users to send \"calls \"to friends and family, in the hope that they would receive an email."
"The UK's biggest political parties are also trying to reach a deal on the issue, as a result of a vote last week in the European Parliament."
"I am just so grateful to be in the team and I'm just delighted to be here, so I'm just excited about the opportunity."
"And while that might not be a great idea, it's a win- win for a whole lot of people."
"It's a really special time, and I think it's good that we're trying to go out there and give him the best chance to play."
"It's a very strange thing, and we've got to understand that we have to be part of it, that we have to be in it, and that we can't be outside it."
"But the British press is not so sure: \"It is a very big deal that we are going to lose a lot of money,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 9. 5- billion from investors in the past five years and was confident of a return of about 7. 5 per cent."
"I'm not a big fan of the idea that we should be killing people off or just keeping them out of our country,\" she said."
"We're going to have an intense meeting at the end of January, so I think that's where we're going."
"But the effect of the shock on the old bank's stock has been to make it even harder to fund."
"\"I am determined to take this matter to the highest possible level and I'm committed to doing everything I can to protect the interests of the United States of America,\" Trump said."
"I didn't think I would have that much fun in the first few months, but I have been able to learn a lot."
"We will be back to work in the second half of the season, I can't wait to get back to work."
"The energy sector, which accounts for around 15 percent of the economy, is one of the world's largest sources of energy."
"\"We are being told to leave because they are not paying their rent,\" she said, adding: \"I don't know what is going on."
"He said:'I wasn't quite ready to walk in the dressing room but I know I've got the game on and it's been a good experience."
"The most obvious benefit is that you're more likely to be contacted by a manager, rather than someone else."
"It was a good thing to be part of that, because I felt I could help make the team better and make a difference in the world of rugby."
"The police officer is in hospital with serious injuries and is expected to be released from hospital on Thursday."
"\"If you're running a campaign for president, you have to be a politician,\" said a source familiar with the situation."
"The number of people who have moved into the centre has grown from 60 per cent to almost half a million, according to a report by the City Council."
"The year- end report said the average number of visitors from the UK to the EU in 2015 was 6. 9 million."
"For example, if the mother's income is more than half the amount of the mother's, the child will be considered an extra."
"The legislation is already being considered by the European Commission, which is under the control of Brussels, which has said it is willing to consider the proposal."
"The second- place finish was a major upset for the second consecutive year, having been held by the third place finish last year."
"The first thing that comes out of my mouth is that I am very proud of this club and what we have achieved together."
"A spokeswoman for the Department for Education said: \"The Government is committed to ensuring that pupils are learning from the best teachers and supporting them to develop their skills."
"I think it is going to be a tough week but I think we will be in a better place than we were."
"The Ministry of Justice has now said it will \"assess \"whether the law is being followed and how it should be implemented."
"The issue of who is responsible for the election of Trump as the next U. S. president is now at the center of the presidential campaign."
"The number of people who have contacted me about this project has been amazing, I'm looking forward to the day when we are all able to share our stories."
"It's so important for us to get out there and show people that we can play in front of our fans."
"The company said the company's employees had been warned about the risks posed by a lack of safe drinking water."
"The problem is that most people won't even know they have one until they've had their first experience with it."
"The decision to move to Europe was a big shock to the Conservative Party and Labour, which had been expecting a wave of immigration to the country."
"But the simple fact is that the process is the biggest thing in my life- I have been so lucky in the past year to be able to be able to talk to a man."
"We're on the same page, so we're going to focus on the next four games, which is what we're doing."
"\"I've had a lot of people come out and say it's a joke,\" she said."
"In a Reuters poll, just three in 10 voters said they would be more likely to support Mr. Trump if he were to win the presidency."
"If the system works, then it will be possible to see what people are saying on social media, so that we can judge them and get a better idea of what is going on."
"He said: \"I can't believe that in a year where I've only played 20 games, it's going to be a different story."
"\"We know we have to win the race, we know we have to win the race, but we know we have to get in the race,\" he said."
"It's not just a new feature but it's a new way of playing and I think it's a good way to get a little bit more involved in the game."
"I want to stay in the Champions League, and I want to keep playing and enjoy my life, but the thing is I'm not in a position to do that."
"When you are trying to go through a tough time, you don't want to think about what will happen next week."
"A spokeswoman for the airline said: \"We have a problem with the number of passengers on board and we are working to resolve the issue."
"There were two, three, five people, it was just a matter of time before we had a shot."
"A 30- year- old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following a brutal attack on a young boy."
"The man's friend said he thought it was a robbery but they were not able to contact him."
"\"We can't say that it was a terrorist attack, but we do know that it was a very difficult night for us,\" he said."
"I think we've got to be better about that, because we're not there yet."
"There's a reason why he's been on the golf course for so long and why he's been a great player for so long."
"If you want to see what this can do for your family, make a trip to the border town."
"I was the victim of a sexual assault and the police were there to help me and they were absolutely right to do that, so I was left with no other option."
"\"I think he is the best player in the world, and I think he's one of the best players in the world, because of his style of play,\" he said."
"He said: \"The moment I'm doing this I want to be doing it every day and I want to be a part of the future."
"The opposition parties said they had received no official orders from the prime minister and police to shut down the protest."
"\"I am a young man and I will never stop thinking about the things I have to do to make a life for myself,\" she says."
"\"I'm not going to say what happened, but I think we did the right thing,\" he said."
"If you don't have the means to pay for this, you may have to take it on yourself."
"She said:'I have been with the family for the past 18 months and they are doing everything they can to support me."
"The suspect was arrested on Thursday afternoon and taken to a nearby hospital, where he remains in a critical but stable condition."
"It is not known how many people are believed to be in the group, but it is believed to be a small number."
"In this election year, the only thing holding Clinton back is her ability to get people to understand that she is a woman."
"The judge said:'I am not surprised that you were able to do this, as you don't have a good reputation in the community."
"I don't know if I'll be able to get it in because I have to carry it around with me."
"The president- elect has also announced plans to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border."
"If you get caught, the police can ask you to sign a contract and if you don't sign it, they can charge you with a crime."
"We are going to work hard to make sure that our people are going to be able to enjoy their time and be able to go home safely."
"The French authorities have said the man had been travelling in a taxi and had been taken to a local hospital, but his condition was not known."
"As a team we have got a lot better and I think we can be even better this year."
"\"It's not a game I want to win,\" he said, \"but I don't want to take anything away from it."
"The survey also found that voters \"often \"follow politics \"more than they do their parents \"or their family members."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 29. 28 in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"I don't want to put too much pressure on him but he's been doing a good job so far."
"The former leader added: \"We have a lot of people that are afraid to speak out because they don't want to have to deal with the pressure of a defeat."
"The state government has already extended the deadline for returning a property to its original owner, and the first owner has now been identified."
"The group also showed that it's possible to be a risk- free person with a high risk of cancer if you are active."
"The one thing we do know is that the dogs are not responsible for the injuries that we've had on this particular dog."
"The current tax system does not require you to pay income tax, but it does require you to file your annual return."
"But in this case, it was not the first time he had threatened his family with violence and death."
"This is a very important vote for our party, and it will be crucial for the future of the United Kingdom."
"I was just trying to work it out, and I ended up with a lot of work, but it's not like I was sitting around doing nothing."
"\"I'm not looking at it as a problem, but I've got to see it as a problem,\" he said."
"The big one was the TV campaign, where Clinton took over the debate for three hours, and Trump took over for a half hour."
"He's really good at taking it on the chin and he's been good on the foot and the back."
"The report also said the number of children at risk of being placed in care could be as high as 60, 000 a year."
"It's an emotional place, especially for me, to be told that you were not welcome here and I have to leave."
"But we were not in the same position to play the game, so it's a good feeling to get the team on a roll."
"The Commonwealth Bank of Australia said it would raise its benchmark interest rate in July to 2. 5 per cent from 1. 25 per cent, and would also raise its benchmark interest rate in September to 2. 5 per cent from 1. 25"
"I can't wait to get in and out of the car, but I've got to go now and I'm not going to wait until I have to get there."
"It's been great to get a little bit of a warm welcome from the boys, it's a really good way of doing business."
"\"I think it's a good opportunity for them to step up and play a little bit more,\" he said."
"I can't take anything away from the people who have done this, they are the ones who are behind this."
"The man's family was shocked to learn of his death, and his wife, who is a nurse, was also shocked."
"The new law requires that all drivers be tested and follow the law, which could be introduced before the end of next year."
"The first two weeks of the season we've had a lot of good runs but we've not been able to bring it together."
"This is not the first time this has been said about a man, but it is not the first time it is said about a woman."
"In a poll of the 1, 000 people who attended the rally, many said they were not sure what to make of Trump's positions."
"I think it's been a great experience, but I don't think you can do it all at once."
"She said: \"I have always been a huge supporter of the UK's membership of the European Union and for me the EU is important for me."
"The winner of the election will be announced on Sunday and is expected to be announced on Monday and on Tuesday."
"In the same poll, the Democrats'vote share was up to 36 percent, while Republicans'vote share was down to 29 percent."
"The president's spokesman said the president had spoken to the prime minister and chancellor, but there was no progress."
"He said: \"As an actor, I am aware of the situation and it's a real shame."
"She has spoken to the head of the NHS Trust about the costs of treating the emergency department, but no one has spoken to her about the lack of awareness and resources."
"I'm sure I'm a bit disappointed with the performance but that doesn't mean I'm not interested in it."
"The problem is that some people don't even realise it's coming and don't want to deal with it."
"It is not clear if the court will hear a second case before the end of the month, though it is believed to be on hold."
"He said: \"I think it is important to recognise that the NHS is not a fixed institution, it is a community service."
"I've been to a lot of events and it was a great feeling to be able to get in there and compete and do something that I've never done before."
"When I was 10 I was told by my parents that I should not speak out because I was a bad influence on them."
"She said:'The mother has been told she will not be able to leave the house until the baby is in a good place."
"The federal government has not said whether it would consider the proposal, but it's not clear what the government will do if it doesn't."
"And the next day, she's trying to get into the car, but she's stopped at a red light."
"But in the first year of the EU referendum, a quarter of a million people voted to leave."
"\"We have a lot of great players and some of them have done well for us,\" he said."
"\"I have had some very bad years, and I'm still trying to figure out what's going on,\" he said."
"I've been working with a lot of the best players in the world, so I've got to work with them every day."
"The government has pledged to reduce the number of illegal migrants entering the country by 200, 000 by 2020 and 600, 000 by the end of the decade- a number the Chancellor has said would be equivalent to the entire population of England and Wales"
"She has been taken into custody and will be charged with possession of a weapon by a convicted sex- killer."
"\"I think there's a lot of people who are going to be disappointed, but I think that's the one thing we'll be focusing on,\" he added."
"If you want to make a difference in the world, you have to make the difference in the people around you."
"It is a big thing for me to make sure that when I get back, my body is ready to do the things I want to do."
"The major factor was the fact that she was being held in a different county from the one she had been in before she was arrested."
"\"We would not be making a mistake by saying that we don't know the data or the information,\" he said."
"If you're not a fan of the way he plays, and you're not the one who wants to see him play, you can't really go there."
"\"We will be doing everything we can to support the girls and women of the local community,\" she said."
"The results of the latest poll, published on Sunday, showed Mr Cameron's approval rating at 45% in the poll."
"He said: \"We're not going to go in and get rid of the pension, that is not the way to spend the money."
"At the end of the day, we have to make sure we are fighting for what we believe in and who we believe in."
"The Chinese military has denied any involvement in the attack, which left at least eight people dead and hundreds injured, and the Chinese Communist Party said it would press ahead with its investigation."
"The two- year- old is believed to be in good health and has been in a stable condition in a hospital for over a week."
"\"We've got a lot of work to do,\" he said, adding that he expects to have a full day of preparation."
"\"The fact that we were able to win is really a sign of what we want to do,\" he said."
"It's like a knife in a glass case and you can't get it out without breaking."
"\"I don't know if he was right, but he just wanted the situation to go to the right place and that's what he did,\" he said."
"'I can't really explain it, I've been in the workforce for 15 years and I've never seen anything like it,' he said."
"The 18- year- old was taken to hospital with serious injuries and was rushed to the Royal Brisbane and Children's Hospital in Brisbane."
"There is a huge amount of speculation about the future of this project, but at this stage we are not entirely sure."
"\"I am not asking for a single- class citizen,\" he said, but rather a \"citizen who has an opportunity to make a difference in the world \"for his country."
"\"We can't be happy, we can't be happy if we don't win, and that's what we're dealing with,\" he said."
"We are not going to accept this as the end of the world and we will not accept that this is a part of the future."
"He said he had been \"out \"with his family and was having a \"good week \"but had not been able to attend his job interview."
"He is the first team ever to win a Premier League title and has scored more Premier League goals than any other player."
"We are a club that we want to win every year and I can't wait to get started."
"But I do think the way that I play and the way that I play the game and the way I try to play the game I've got to continue to put myself in a good position for the next game and hopefully finish it off."
"\"I'm not trying to say there aren't women in it, but there are women, and we're not going to take away the ability to make people feel like they are women,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's the right way to do it, and I think it's really important for us to focus on what we're doing,\" she said."
"It is a bit of a back- and- a- back game but I think it's going to be a good game."
"The truth is, it's been a long time coming, but I still have a lot of work to do."
"\"I'd like to know the details, I'd like to know what the outcome was, but I don't know,\" she said."
"The teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is understood to have been in a car with her partner for the night."
"That's an important factor when it comes to the future of a city, and it's one we need to be aware of."
"In a statement, the firm said it had \"grave concerns \"about the nature of the process and that it had \"no intention \"to force the UK Government to respect the decision."
"The company's stock was down $ 1. 32, or 0. 46 percent, at $ 21. 29 a share, in New York trading on Thursday."
"The couple's three children are in school and have been waiting to see if they can get the $ 100 each for Christmas dinner."
"'If you have any concerns about it, I have spoken to my local authority and they have been very clear about that."
"If the last six months of the year are any indication, that's a good year for the sport."
"\"He is not one of the first people I've spoken with about the issue of doping,\" he said."
"It is a long time ago but we have now a choice of what we do with our money and we don't want to spend it."
"\"I want to have a conversation with my husband and I am going to make sure we get it done,\" she said."
"In the US, the Treasury Department says it estimates that the budget deficit for the current fiscal year is $ 7. 4 trillion."
"I was a little worried about the weekend but I was happy with the result and I think it's good for the team."
"She had to leave the house at the last minute and was later found by a member of staff who had been in the house at the time, the court was told."
"But for some reason, when I say I'm not interested in making a career out of it, people are not going to believe me."
"A man has been charged after a man was stabbed to death in Glasgow, and a woman has been arrested after a man was stabbed to death in a Glasgow street."
"The key is to stay in the game, and if you don't win, you have to step back and do it again."
"I don't know what he'll do, but he's going to be a big part of our culture."
"I am just a young person and I'm not going to be the first to know about this because I know so much about it and I'm still going to be supporting it."
"He says: \"I got a phone call from someone who said I had a contract to work for the BBC, so I thought I would try my luck."
"It was only the second time this season the club have lost three games in a row, and it is a massive achievement."
"The city of 10, 000 people is not even in the top 10 in terms of population, but it is still considered the capital."
"\"The idea is to make your life easier and to make your friends and family more involved in you,\" she said."
"It's not something we've been able to do, and it's not something we're going to give up on."
"We have got a very good squad and we have got a great manager and the players have got a great experience and they have got good jobs in the squad to go with that."
"I'm not sure I will ever be able to play in a league where I can't run it and I'm just so proud of my body."
"As he had been in contact with the families of the victims, he told them he would be leaving soon so they could be with their loved ones."
"I think I've had a little bit of a rough run of it but I've just got to keep working hard and hopefully I can get a result."
"The first- quarter revenue growth of 1. 4 per cent was the fastest since the third quarter of 2015."
"It's also a bit of an odd situation, but the vast majority of people are going to be in the car."
"I am proud of the women and I am confident that we can do it again, but it's a long way to go."
"A spokesman for the department said: \"We've worked closely with our UK counterparts to ensure our proposals are in line with the Government's position."
"This was a guy who had been in the industry for a long time and he was just the kind of guy who would be ready for it."
"\"I have a very long life and I've had a lot of opportunities to go back to work,\" he said."
"And as soon as I did, I knew I had to be patient with myself and not let it get to me."
"The company has said it will cut its workforce by at least half by 2020- and the cuts will be for the same period as the government's plans to cut the share of workers in government jobs."
"The decline in the number of women in the workforce in the UK has been more than a quarter in the past five years."
"We were not, but I'm not going to say I wasn't surprised by what happened."
"The former Chancellor also said that the Government was \"very clear \"on what was being done to stop the flow of migrants from the EU."
"I've been working at the board for over two years now and this is my first time being in charge."
"\"I'm just going to keep trying to keep him healthy, keep him playing good, and hopefully we can get a little bit of him back,\" he said."
"We were very worried about the lack of training, but we are very happy with the performance and we will do everything to prepare ourselves for the next two games."
"The military is reportedly preparing to conduct a \"game of cat and mouse \"against the group in the North."
"\"I was in a very rough place, and I had to stay there for the next 10 or 15 days,\" he said."
"The number of people who had no idea what they were getting into could be much higher than what we had seen in the past."
"I'm not happy with the way things have turned out, but I don't think I have to pay too much attention to it."
"I've got a lot of work to do and I don't want to put myself in a position where I'm not doing the things I'm supposed to do."
"\"It's an ongoing struggle, and I've made it clear that the more time I spend with the family, the more I want to support them,\" he says."
"We have a hard time with the European Union and that is why we have a hard time with the European Commission, because it does not work for us, does not work for Europe."
"But the result is that you're not going to have a change in the system that you're supposed to have."
"He has been on a golf course, he's been at the golf course all his life and he's been in the golf course all the time."
"But the government, it seems, is unable to get its hands on the money, which will be used to build more homes."
"This is a time when the public is increasingly worried about the impact of the Brexit vote, especially on young people."
"If we can be a bit more patient, I think we can make the most of the opportunities we get."
"You are the person who is expected to do everything possible to improve the lives of people, including the children, in your position."
"It's a very good job and I'm really proud of the people who helped me here and the people that I had a role in."
"\"I was a bit surprised by the number of people coming in, but there's a lot of good people here,\" he said."
"I can't imagine that the man who has been most responsible for the welfare of the child and who has done everything in his power to get rid of him will be elected to Parliament again, or the governor of a city."
"I can't imagine how anyone could have predicted that he would have a problem with the police, because they were well- known to him."
"\"I think it's something that we have to be careful about, because it could have serious consequences for our entire system,\" he said."
"\"I just didn't feel like I was going to win this game,\" he said, according to the Associated Press."
"It was a question the government had to answer in its brief for the case, but it has not done so."
"It's nice to get away with it, but I can see that it's a different attitude from what he's been thinking."
"\"There are plenty of people that want to make a difference in this country and that's why I'm here,\" he said."
"It was a mistake and it's a shame because I didn't think I'd be able to do that."
"She's been working on it for three months, and it's just a matter of time before she finds it."
"It will be a one- off, so it's not like we're going to spend $ 100 million or $ 200 million a year."
"We have a massive amount of women who come to us who are just getting their hair done and we've got to give them the space to continue to grow."
"A: I've been around a long time, but I've never seen so many people."
"The men's and women's teams have been trying to find a balance between the demands of women and men's and women's sport."
"The 23- year- old has been on loan at Rangers since August 2014 and is also a free agent."
"\"I hope you'll be able to see my message on the wall here,\" he said, adding that the pro- life movement \"has always had a big impact on my life."
"But it also points out that such devices are not likely to be widespread, given the concerns about the security of the information they are being used for."
"The company's annual meeting in San Francisco is just days away from its first major investor's announcement, with the first of a new series of stock market events."
"I'm not going to give up on the game if I can't win it and I'm not going to give up on the game if I can't win it."
"The focus of the United States, Russia and the US military in Syria, is on ISIS and their \"decision to launch a direct attack on the Syrian government,\" he said."
"\"The issue is not just one of race but of religion, which is a significant issue for the UK,\" he said."
"\"It's not something I'm going to be talking about in front of the British people,\" he said."
"He told me to wait until the next day and to go on a date with the girl, who was about to be married."
"I'm not happy with the way the game is played but I'm happy with the way we're playing and the way we're winning."
"The road was closed to traffic for a while and at one point there were no arrests, he said."
"That is an unprecedented situation, and the fact that the world is using the internet in such an innovative way makes me think we should be even more sensitive to the use of technology."
"He didn't say anything about the state of the country, which he hopes will be better in the long run."
"It's not clear where he will go next for the next four or five years, but he's definitely going to do it."
"And now we've got a president who has been there for 40 years, who has been on the campaign trail for 30 years, and who's run for the presidency for a third time."
"\"We can't afford to spend the money on legal fees,\" he said, adding that he would \"keep fighting \"for the right to be free from discrimination in the workplace."
"I think it's important to keep a look out for people who might be missing out on a certain type of spot."
"I think the fact that he did not have to make the choice that he made, and he made the choice that he did, was just a wake- up call."
"She also said that the United States and Russia would have to agree on a new agreement on Syria, and that the Syrian government's use of chemical weapons against the rebels would have to be taken into account."
"She told the court she had suffered from anxiety, depression and anxiety issues for the past six years and felt she had no control over her body."
"The UK government has issued warnings about the threat of terrorism in the UK following a series of terror attacks in the UK."
"The 31- year- old said he is determined to win the vote of his peers in the first round of the referendum."
"A man who became ill after a night out at a club has been given a heart attack."
"The latest analysis, for example, found that in 2016, the number of immigrants from the Middle East and Africa, as well as the Middle East, Asia, Latin America and Europe, was down by 40% compared with the same period last"
"The prime minister has been in the news for her personal safety, which has been a major issue with the arrival of the new leader."
"\"I've never been away from him, I have been at his house and he's not around,\" she says."
"I'd like to think that as we build the business and the community that we can do that, we can be able to bring those ideas to life."
"He is not a young man, he is a man who has played all over the world and now he wants to be a part of the team."
"She added: \"We are delighted to announce the appointment of a new Secretary of State for Justice and Health."
"I'm still learning and I'm going to continue to learn and I'm going to continue to improve and improve and I'm going to be in a position to make plays."
"The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, said the referendum would have a \"major impact \"on Germany's relationship with the EU."
"There's no doubt the process will be a bit more challenging, but we're confident we've got the right people in place to take us forward."
"I'm not sure how to respond, but I think it's important for me to be able to show what I'm doing."
"\"I don't think you can be an agent of a manager, let alone one who is going to be as successful as him,\" he said."
"\"The death of a baby is not an accident,\" the prosecutor said, adding that the only thing that could cause a baby to die is the baby's mother."
"I'm just happy for the guys who have come along, I don't know if there's any other way to go."
"A \u00a3 10, 000 reward was also offered for information leading to the arrest of a suspect who was found in a field in Glasgow."
"You can't just sit there and watch the game because you don't know what's going to happen next."
"The Canadian dollar is a safe haven for investors, as it's held up well against the dollar, and has a stronger effect on the global economy."
"\"It's a tough time for any business in the world- especially in the US, because the president's comments are already being condemned by the world,\" he said."
"The group of women is estimated to include more than a quarter of the country's population, with more women than men in prison, the statement added."
"\"I think it is a shame that the FA didn't think it was worth the trouble,\" he said."
"He said: \"In the last couple of years, people have been coming into my house and asking me if I would like a cup of coffee."
"As a result, he says, it's time to consider the long- term impact of the deal."
"The show, which is not broadcast on the BBC, was filmed in the state of Queensland on a farm in Victoria."
"It's not just that I think it's too early to say what's going to happen, but there's a lot of uncertainty about the future."
"It's not about winning, it's about staying strong, and that's what we've got to do."
"But the biggest achievement of the Obama administration's policy is that it has created a process that it is not trying to impose on states."
"But we also had to come to a different point in life, and we had to make changes in our lives."
"You can't do that without a clear understanding of what your target audience is going to be and what your goals are going to be."
"The 32- year- old, who is from the UK, was arrested on suspicion of attempting to carry out a terrorist attack."
"A coalition of more than 15, 000 people, mostly women, have been called in to help."
"\"The man that I think is probably the most important thing in the world is the media, I think he's the most important thing in the world,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure I want to be in a room with Donald Trump,\" she said on a news conference."
"But this is what we've been doing for over a decade and I'm delighted to be working with him."
"The Clinton campaign said in a statement that it has \"strong concerns \"about Sanders'campaign's statements and that he had no plans to seek the nomination."
"He was the second- longest serving President in history to be elected by less than 50 percent of the vote."
"\"I've had a lot of guys say to me, \"You're not going to be able to handle this,\" \"he said."
"The research was carried out by researchers from the University of Queensland, University of NSW and the University of Canberra."
"A man was stabbed to death in the north- east of the city, police say, after a dispute with a passenger."
"I will not be at all surprised to see him taking a big pay cut over the next few months,\" he said."
"It's the same thing in 2016, and that's when the debate will be decided."
"In addition, we are working to bring the entire store to life with an extensive display of new and used furniture."
"\"I don't think the risk is to do it a lot, but I think it would be better to keep it a little bit longer,\" he said."
"The company is now working to identify the reasons behind the problems, which have affected more than 1, 000 people."
"The biggest question for Clinton is how much she can handle the same tone as Trump, who has a long record of attacking women and minorities."
"'I don't know how it went, it was pretty quiet, there was no drama but it was a bit of a shock,' she said."
"A lot of people think they're not going to get a chance to get involved in politics because they don't have a party, and I'm not interested in that."
"We've got to be prepared for it and we've got to get our players fit and we'll have to take that into consideration."
"But that doesn't mean they aren't still able to win games in which they have to play well."
"But when I was in the studio, I'd just watch a TV show, and I'd never seen anyone with a gun."
"The vice- president, who is married to his third wife, has been an active member of the campaign trail."
"And, as we've already seen, it's a huge investment to have the ability to get these guys in the right shape and in the right conditions."
"The rate of unemployment was 2. 9 percent in October, down from 2. 9 percent in October 2014."
"The federal government will decide on the minimum wage in the autumn, with a range of proposals expected to be announced at a conference in Canberra later this month."
"He said: \"We've done this for years and there's never been a better time to do it."
"She said:'I came to the police station on Friday morning to see what happened and I was told that it was a terror attack."
"The most important thing is, you need to keep going, and if you do, then you've got to do it again."
"I was also told that I was not to speak to anyone else about this matter, and that I would be suspended from the club."
"The government said it was not looking to change the rules or the nature of the deal, but the government's position was that the idea was not to be made."
"He added:'I didn't want to be on a plane to Germany and I'm so happy that I have the opportunity to speak to her."
"\"We're going to have to look at the long- term, and if we don't do that now, we're not going to be able to get a very strong economy,\" he said."
"The U. S. Treasury Department has estimated that the overall unemployment rate for the labor force fell to 5 percent in June from 6 percent the previous month."
"I have to remember that he was a very good man and he was one of the great guys in this organization."
"He said:'I've had a lot of messages from people who were disappointed because they thought I was doing something wrong."
"But he was more concerned with the situation in the tournament than the overall result and there is a lot of uncertainty."
"And I would love to be part of the conversation about what is the future of the club and how we can continue to grow as a club."
"\"If they're not going to get their message out, then they have to be paid,\" she said."
"We're not going to sit back and let these people get in our way."
"The club says it's determined to change that, and is encouraging its staff to take part in the competition."
"He's a great guy, and we're very happy for him, but we have a lot of respect for him."
"The 18- year- old has already won a gold medal in the women's swimming and women's track and field and is now looking to win a silver in the women's track and field."
"\"I was like \"what the hell do you want me to do? \"but I kept thinking it was only a matter of time."
"\"He's a little bit of a player but I don't think he's got a lot of experience,\" he said."
"It was the first time the United States has conducted air strikes against an ISIS cell in Syria since the war began."
"He said: \"We are the only one of the UK's 28 member states that can't move on to a future relationship."
"The players, like all of us, want to win, but they are not able to do that in a game like this."
"If they're doing well, they are going to make the most of it, and I think that's what we're seeing."
"He has a lot of work to do, but I am happy with the results, and it's what he has done with the club."
"When it's not, you're left with nothing, and you just have to go out there and play your best."
"We have been given the chance to play against them in a final but we have to win because the game is not over."
"And when he started his career, I was a little bit concerned, but I kept going on and on."
"But that's not all, as the survey also shows a significant gap between the share of Americans who identify as conservative and the share who identify as liberal."
"If you're going to look at a five- year contract, you're going to be looking at something that is not going to be worth it."
"She was born in the UK and raised in Ireland, where she was married to a man who had become a father to her."
"I am going through a period of transition in my life and I'm going to make sure that I am making sure that I'm able to be successful at this club."
"They were killed by the army, they were killed by the rebels, they were killed by the people who supported them, they were killed by the people who supported ISIS,\" she said."
"I'm sure we will have more of that, but we'll have to get back to him."
"I think he was out of the blue for a lot of reasons and we'll see what we can do."
"The owners have agreed to accept the money from the loans and will be able to apply for the money back as soon as they are paid back."
"The 24- year- old was later found to have been shot in the head and was taken to a local hospital."
"The club's board will be informed of the decision in due course, and will provide an update on any developments."
"\"I have to say, I'm very disappointed, but I also feel that it was the right decision to go after the boys,\" she said."
"I was going to be a fighter but I just got hit and I'm so proud to be a fighter and I'm so proud of my family."
"The findings, published in the journal Science, highlight the challenges in understanding the human body, as well as how the body's ability to process information is affected."
"The study also found that about one- third of patients who had been admitted to the hospital for a heart attack had not had an operation."
"I would have been better off if I hadn't had a stroke, but I don't want to say it was my fault."
"This means that the number of people living with the disease in England is nearly double that of the rest of the UK."
"I don't know how to express myself but when you've got a big team it's going to be difficult."
"There are lots of other reasons that we've been in a race against time, we've got to win them all."
"She was also aware that they had the same problem, but she didn't know what to do."
"The decline in violence in the country in the past year is largely due to a rise in the number of killings, the figures show."
"The person who took the photos, who is not yet identified, is believed to be the man's girlfriend."
"The 29- year- old was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and will appear in court on April 9 for a hearing."
"As a parent, I can't imagine how you could think of an event that would be better or worse."
"It's time for the government to stand up and say: \"This is not the way to go."
"They are now even more likely to have a disability, although they are still less likely to have a second child."
"But they are doing everything they can to keep us safe and we will have to work to make sure that we are not just doing this to be a safe place."
"\"I think that's the way I see it, we can't be the only ones,\" he said."
"The Australian dollar has fallen as much as 13 per cent against the euro, following the announcement on Friday that it would raise its benchmark interest rate."
"If I can't wait until the next one is up, I'll have a better shot at making it."
"That's why we have a plan for this week, to make sure we stay strong and strong and we've got a plan for this week, and we're going to work really hard and we're going to do everything we can to be"
"We can't do that without the support of our friends and family and that's what we're doing."
"He's also a man of many promises, and one who has been thinking about the future for a long time."
"The number of people who have died in the flooding in the past 24 hours has doubled, according to a new report by the Associated Press."
"It's a very good team, they've got a lot of talent but the last two games, we've only played two teams."
"It's the first time in history that a candidate has won a general election without winning the nomination."
"\"We're going to be on the front lines of this,\" he said, according to a report in the Washington Post."
"As an example, the woman who brought me to the UK from Italy has done so without a visa and is now in a very difficult situation."
"I'm looking forward to a great deal more in the future but I have to say I'm happy with the way we're playing."
"If you don't have a plan, you'll find that your money can't be invested in the right way."
"It's the same story in the UK, where the proportion of women in the top jobs has fallen since the early 1990s."
"But I think that's what we're seeing right now and it's not something that I'm comfortable with."
"I'm going to give it my all, I'm going to do everything I can to try to win the championship and that's the way it should be."
"As a mother, you are not expected to help your children if it is an issue you have raised, but we are."
"\"I'm not even sure how it feels to be the leader of the free world,\" she said."
"I'll just go out there and see what happens, see if I can get it out of there."
"If you look at the most recent data, the biggest increase in interest rates has been in the UK, so it's not a surprise to see the UK as a key market."
"He said: \"I've never met the man before so it's good to have him back."
"It's going to be the biggest competition we've had in the last 15 years, and I think we've got to be ready."
"If you don't have a job, it's hard to get your feet under the bus and get back into the job market."
"\"It's hard to play with the past and to win a championship and win it now,\" he said."
"And he was very much aware of the fact that it was being done on behalf of the Conservative Party, and the fact that the party was sitting on the money."
"It's not about who you are ; it's about who you are in the world and I want you to know that."
"He is in a very good position, so he's a tough one to deal with and we'll have to deal with that."
"And, if we get rid of that, then you can see, I can't even begin to imagine what the future holds."
"The government has made the best use of the money, but the money isn't going to be enough to pay for the building of a new stadium."
"The company's share price was down 0. 5 per cent on Tuesday, its worst day since the company reported a loss in March."
"It's really a matter of survival, and it's a matter of finding someone to have a drink with, and having a little bit of a laugh."
"The FBI has asked the New York Times for a statement to describe the events of the day, including whether any current or former members of Trump's staff have been affected."
"\"The company's leadership has been extremely generous in the past, and we have seen the positive impact it has had on the company's business and the values it stands for,\" he said."
"A man who killed three people and injured nine others in a car crash on a busy highway in northern France has been jailed for life."
"If I had a computer or phone, I would call the police, but I don't have one."
"The debate is not only about the fight against climate change, but also about the moral and legal responsibility of the United States to do more."
"The challenge for me was to find a way to keep the pressure off the team as they play their way through."
"I have always had a taste for hard work and it is not going to be the case this time."
"\"We are not here to sell drugs and we are not selling drugs in a way that is going to have the same impact on the other drugs in the market,\" he said."
"\"We are all lucky if we can have a good relationship and live together,\" he said."
"The government says it is already paying off \u00a3 13 billion of debt to the banks over the next four years, but this is only part of the deal."
"\"We want to take care of the family so that they can make a little money off of this,\" she said."
"But the company said it has decided to sell some of its cars, which include the upcoming model, to avoid the risk of damage to the car."
"It is also the only thing I can think of that would make me feel better, I guess, but I'm not ready to go out there and have another round of golf."
"It will be an interesting year for the NRL and I look forward to getting the opportunity to play my first match."
"For many of us, the idea of making a mark in the final was something we wanted to make and we're very happy with it."
"The reason why you would want to have sex with a woman at night is because she's a good girl."
"\"We're just trying to get a good look at what's going on with the players,\" he said."
"I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing, but it's an issue that I've struggled with in my career."
"\"In the beginning, we had to play it safe because the one thing we did well was we did it with a certain amount of confidence,\" he said."
"It's not an easy game to defend and I think if we get the ball in our hands we'll have a good chance."
"It's been a long time since I've had a birthday party, and I still don't have my own home."
"But it is not the first time the federal government has stepped in to protect the rights of children who are in detention."
"\"I don't know how many people are affected by the virus but it's a long way from here,\" she said."
"He's a top- five pick in the draft, and the Giants are hoping he can contribute for the next two years."
"The country's unemployment rate rose to 4. 4% in December from 4. 6% in November, the latest monthly increase since the end of June."
"But I am not going to lie, it's really exciting to be here and to have the opportunity to see the team."
"I have to say, we've got a lot of work to do to get to this point, and I think we need to make sure that we don't let any of those guys in."
"\"It's not about being great, it's about having a happy life,\" she said."
"I'd rather just try to eat food and get a drink and not be stuck with the same pressure I was in."
"We have to make sure that he doesn't do that, because we've already seen that he's not the best player."
"The fact that they are still allowed to come to this country, which is a country of laws and regulations, is a great thing."
"\"In terms of the number of people who have been affected, it's the biggest thing,\" he said."
"The court heard that she had to use her mobile phone and use the help of her boyfriend to find the children."
"But it's hard to know what's going to happen next when it's not a real world event."
"He said that his son had \"lost his mind \"when he saw the footage, and was \"getting very angry \"when he heard about it."
"The official said the primary purpose was to help the families of those killed in the crash, and also to support the families of those who have been injured or have fled their home countries."
"The local authority will be responsible for the future of the site, which is owned by a partnership of four members."
"The number of migrants who have arrived in the UK from Syria or Iraq since the EU referendum has increased by more than a million since the government began its migration policy."
"The project was the first of its kind in the UK and is being supported by the Scottish Government and industry."
"He was just a kid, so we had to learn to be careful with him and just make sure he was OK."
"The team's first win in a home game since Jan."
"If you're not able to do that, then you're not going to be able to stay here."
"For me, it's about making sure that I'm going to be a leader for the organization and help the organization win."
"It's a big club, but it's not a big club- it's a small club and it's not going to be an easy game."
"I don't want to be the one who can't be the one to be the captain, because I want to be the one who can be the captain, that's the choice."
"The one thing that really stands out about the UK's attitude to immigration is the way it doesn't want to admit it."
"The government's attempt to claim the right to control free movement of people has failed, with MPs arguing it should be limited to the UK."
"It's the same feeling I had for him and I just tried to make sure that he wasn't on the pitch."
"We know the people in the area don't want to go back there, but we are trying to find the best solution."
"The judge said: \"This case involves a medical condition which is of serious clinical importance. \"It is not about a medical condition, it is about a man's right to privacy."
"It's something that I've been working on for a long time and I've finally decided to do it."
"I don't think he's quite as good as he used to be but he's got a lot of work ahead of him."
"I've never been so nervous, I've never been so excited- it's like when I was a kid."
"\"I think it was a good idea because we knew it was going to be a tough game,\" she said."
"\"I can't believe he's not doing this,\" said one woman who spoke on the condition her name not be used."
"He didn't get the chance to do it in the last couple of games because of the injuries that have been involved."
"The challenge for this year's elections will be to show that we are ready for a political revolution."
"It's a moment in time that makes you think about the people who are going through the same thing."
"The Senate passed its version of the measure on Tuesday and is expected to vote on it by the end of the week."
"The Fed's new policy statement says it will raise interest rates by 3. 5 percent, but only for the first quarter of 2017."
"I know I could be in a better place, but at the same time, I'm not here to say I want to be here."
"He was the fourth member of the U. S. military to be killed during the Mosul offensive in the past five months."
"I'm not just going to give away one of my best runs, but I'm going to give away one of my best plays."
"There are a lot of questions about this election and how we can get out of it,\" he said."
"The Ministry of Defence has said that it will introduce an anti- terror measure and that it will review security at all NATO sites in Europe."
"There are currently no official figures for the number of people who have died from their injuries in the last six months."
"\"The last few weeks have shown a lot of teams are getting away with it,\" said one senior executive."
"It is hard to imagine a better group of people in the world than the Irish,\" he said."
"I think that's a really good thing for the future of the sport, I think that's why we've got to find a way to make sure that's the case in the future."
"He was a young man, he was in love and wanted to do something with his life."
"\"I have been here for two and a half months and it's been fantastic,\" she told the club's website."
"I want to do something for him and I want to see what he wants to do and see if he can do it."
"The rate at which people are entitled to benefits has fallen by more than half since 2010, the report said."
"\"There are a lot of teams in the world who don't have a regular season or playoffs,\" he said."
"The Prime Minister has also pledged to bring in a maximum of 16, 000 new jobs over the next five years."
"It was a great opportunity to get a bit of my style, I'm pretty sure I'll be ready to go."
"The reason I don't see a problem is I'm not a big fan of people saying they can't do it."
"The company is currently preparing for a $ 1 billion loss in the U. S. and Canada after its shares lost nearly $ 2 billion."
"The company's shares rose as much as 6 percent on Friday, the biggest gain since February, to $ 22. 80 a share."
"If you're a white person, you're probably thinking, well, I don't have a problem with being white, but I do have a problem with being Asian."
"It's so much fun to be able to be in the center of the action and be able to express myself and play my part."
"He said: \"We've got to make sure we have a clear direction, so that we have a clear plan for where we're going to be and what the future looks like."
"We have a problem, we're having to deal with it, but I think it's going to be a very good team."
"\"I don't know how to express it,\" he said, \"but I know that I am one of the people who can do it."
"I'm a bit worried that if I'm not in a position to make a difference then I might get in the position of having a voice."
"She's also one of the first to admit that the group's members are not really paying attention to her."
"The government has also promised to pay out $ 1 billion for the development of new infrastructure, including roads, airports and rail."
"That's what we've done with the team and that's why we're here."
"It was a massive blow to the NHS, and with a loss of over \u00a3 5, 000, it's a massive blow to the NHS as a whole."
"The Government's plans to boost the numbers of Welsh officers on the register will be welcomed by some, but not all."
"\"I feel like if I was in a restaurant and the restaurant didn't make it, I wouldn't have been able to tell my wife,\" she said."
"He will be a full- back for the next four games and could be available for a move in the summer."
"It was something I wanted to do, and I just couldn't go through what happened last year."
"I think that when you see the pain of losing a child, and seeing that you've got to be careful about your hands, it can be a very powerful thing."
"If I didn't know what was going on, I wouldn't have known what to do with myself,\" he said."
"It's a matter of making sure they're safe and making sure they're ready for a tough game."
"But I would like to see the whole concept of the ticket being a personal guarantee, like that, which is not really a problem."
"The figure is for every year that the U. S. has lost a war, but it is only 2. 6 percent of all U. S. GDP, or $ 14. 6 trillion."
"\"This was a guy who could have gone down in history as the person who said, \"I'm going to make America great again,\" \"he said."
"But a group of lawyers, scientists and lawyers- all of whom are now working at the university- are working on a plan to find a way to do it."
"In a speech, Trump said he would \"love to have a discussion \"about the issue of women's rights."
"I don't want to get ahead of myself, but I want to make sure that this is the right place for me and my family."
"The man was later identified as an 18- year- old man from Manchester, who was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"\"We've had a couple of injuries and we need to get that right, so we're not getting too many,\" he said."
"The fight for the Republican nomination has a long way to go, and Donald Trump's campaign promises are not a good one."
"If there's a winner, the other five teams in the playoffs are selected, but the Super Bowl is not on."
"The plan was to have the Welsh Government take the money back, but the Welsh Government is not in favour of the plan."
"\"You've got to know you're not going to be winning the race, so it's just a matter of time before we get into it,\" he said."
"For instance, if you have a child who needs a piece of furniture to take care of themselves, you might want to hire someone to help you."
"The game will be played at a venue in the heart of the city, where the lights are turned on at half- time."
"But what if it's not a huge advantage for a parent to have a TV in a room in a room with their children?"
"\"This is a tough game, but I think we've got to do it,\" he said."
"They are right, and they are right in part because they are the first and only people I have known who have experienced sexual assault."
"'It's a little bit like going into a business school, you don't know what you're going to get,' he said."
"The poll was conducted between March 1 and March 2, with 1, 000 people who registered to vote in the state's presidential primary on March 7."
"The study's authors found that those who are not active in the social media world are less likely to be affected by the disease."
"\"I don't think there's a one- size-fits- all solution to the issue of gun violence,\" he said."
"\"In that case, the government has taken a very strong stance,\" he said, according to the AP."
"It was a fantastic experience for us, and we are pleased that we have now secured a deal that will allow us to continue to grow our business and make our products here in Australia."
"It is a key part of our plan, but the fact we've done it on a big scale has been a massive success."
"The researchers also found that women who had a history of heart failure were more likely to experience depression."
"The first of the new- and- expanded- power stations will be located in the eastern part of the city, about 30 minutes away from the centre."
"This could be a problem if you are not sure where you want your customers to go in the future."
"The official said they were more likely to be drawn into the conflict, though they were not the only ones who had been displaced."
"The report said it could be a year before the average price of a new car in England was the same as it was in Scotland."
"It's a reminder of what can happen if you don't have a secure and well- funded plan to deal with the threat of terrorism."
"When I've done a few rounds, I've got a couple guys that have done well and some guys that haven't."
"\"He could've done more to help people, he could've helped a lot of people,\" he said."
"The next day, the next day, and the next day, I'm going to be out on the court with the game in hand."
"It's not a perfect system- it's a little bit different, but it's a way to play the game, and it's a fun way to play it."
"And the issue has made the National Football League's (NFL) interest in the game even more intense."
"\"I've done a lot of research, and I think there is some evidence that it's more of a trend than a trend,\" he said."
"A young man from Glasgow, who is now aged 18, said:'I had to go to the police station and they said they had found a knife."
"The number of jobs lost to the industry was down 1. 5 per cent from the previous quarter and an increase of 2. 4 per cent in the third quarter."
"In an interview with the BBC last month, the Queen said the decision was a \"real personal decision \"and that she would be seeking advice from her doctors."
"This will also mean the public will have to answer to a trust in the form of a trust fund, with the support of the government."
"\"We are going to find out the best way forward, and I'm confident that we will be able to do it,\" she said."
"I hope I can help him to understand that he's a good kid, he's a great kid, he's got a good career and he's done great things."
"I don't know what he's going to be, but he's a nice guy."
"\"We've had a great weekend and I'd be lying if I said it wasn't fantastic,\" he said."
"It's important to have the option to change your driving when you're off the road so that you can spend more time with your family."
"\"We're doing the right thing, and I'm going to give him credit for that,\" he said."
"She said: \"We need to make sure we have a sustainable transition of people into jobs in the first place."
"We want to make sure that the people who are watching it are aware of what we're doing, and know what we're doing."
"'I've been in this position for a long time and I've never seen a good relationship between the two of them,' she said."
"We've got a lot of good young players, I think they'll be ready for this game."
"He's just been off the field for a little bit and he's got a lot of things going on, but he's been able to get back in shape and I'm happy for him."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 percent to $ 1. 46 in after- hours trading, following a 0. 6 percent drop in the June quarter."
"The idea of building a new school for the next generation was a long- time thought, but the school was never built."
"The pilot's manager, who was also injured, was rushed to hospital for treatment but was later released."
"A few of the stories are made up and I don't know if it was a joke or not."
"The government said the U. S. agency for international development would provide assistance to the family, which is based in Miami."
"It's a race we are committed to winning, and we'll get it done."
"\"We don't know how many people may have been injured or killed, but we have received reports of a number of people who have died from the fire,\" she said."
"The man, who was also on the flight, was taken into custody and a search was ordered after a man on board was questioned by police."
"She's seen her game so much this year that she's definitely got a handle on what she wants to be like."
"\"I'm pretty sure the market is going to be disappointed,\" he said at a rally in St. Louis, where he is competing for attention."
"I'm not sure I'd want to play a guy who's going to take a little bit of time off."
"The club's director of football, Tom Taylor, said: \"We are delighted to be able to confirm that our first class domestic club has been appointed as a new home for the 2016- 17 season."
"But I also hope that people will realise that you can't keep a friend in a relationship for more than one day."
"I can't imagine the impact it will have on the families who will be affected and who will have no access to the services that are available."
"We had a bit of a rough start to it, but it was a good start to the season and we've been playing really well."
"The World Bank said it would increase aid to Turkey by \u20ac 3. 8 billion in the next three years and \u20ac 4. 7 billion over the same period."
"He's a bit more raw in the past couple of years, but he's got a long way to go."
"\"I'm a big fan of the country, I like the atmosphere of the country and I'm going to support the people of the country,\" he said."
"It's a battle that they both have to win and I'm not going to let the ball go to them."
"The man, a former Navy officer, is now in custody in a Florida jail after he was found in possession of a gun and knife."
"If it is a chance for me to come back, I'll make sure to say that."
"\"We've been here for a long time, and we've got a lot of good players in here,\" he said."
"I'd like to see a reduction in the use of alcohol in the market and to see more research into the impact of alcohol on health."
"\"I can't even say what happened or what I said, it's just not in my family's hands,\" she said."
"\"I was living at home with my parents and I have no idea where I am going,\" she said."
"I think it's going to be a good thing for the club to have a second look and see if there's any further growth."
"The most recent data show the total number of such cases has increased by 30 percent over the previous year."
"The two- year- old had been involved in a dispute with her mother at the time of the incident and the mother was unable to contact police."
"\"We are going to try to win the game, we're going to try to win games, and I think that's what we're going to do,\" he said."
"We are working on it and we will be moving it to the end of the year, but it is important to be able to get it out of the way quickly."
"\"We can't allow this to happen to our community, which is why we are taking action to prevent it,\" she said."
"\"I have seen it with the first lady and I have seen it with the president of the United States,\" she said."
"The majority of Americans think that what we are doing to our children is wrong, and a majority of Americans think that our government should do the right thing."
"'I don't know how the kids are going to cope with that,' she said."
"It's the same for the men, but they're not even in the top five."
"I was hoping for a moment where I was still feeling comfortable, but that was not the case."
"It's a big problem in the United States and the United Kingdom, and they need to find solutions, but we don't have that."
"\"When I was growing up, I would always say that we should not have to worry about our family,\" she says."
"The judge told the court that the victim had been travelling alone, and the two had been drinking when the incident took place."
"\"We have to think about the long- term implications of this decision, and make sure the consequences are the right ones,\" he said."
"'There was no one to tell me how to make a decision, so I just made the decision,' she said."
"\"We have a serious problem with the NHS, we have a serious problem with the public finances, we are all too often not able to protect our health,\" he said."
"A 22- year- old man was also arrested and charged with the murder of his wife in the same area."
"\"The biggest challenge is to get people to say that they have a right to be there,\" he said."
"\"There is no more doubt than anyone that the president and I have no intention of engaging in any further campaign,\" he said."
"The chief executive also said that in the past few months, he has spoken to a number of businesses that had been affected by the changes."
