"The big four of them will be announced in October, with the last one to be announced in March."
"The committee will decide on the course of action in the coming days and months, and it will then be up to the President to decide whether to keep it or to close it down."
"The tech giant said that in its quarter ending March 31, it had lost 2. 6 billion dollars, or $ 2. 2 billion."
"\"If we don't get the message, it's going to be hard to get the message across to the public,\" she said."
"I think it's a very good idea because you know there's going to be a lot of noise and it will affect you and your family."
"A Scottish Government spokeswoman said: \"The Government has been clear that Scotland has an important role to play in supporting the UK's position in the global economy."
"It's a terrible thing to say, but I have no doubt that the Scottish Government and the Scottish Parliament will be open for business."
"\"This is what it is for me, and I have a dream to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"If you are not in a rush to get out, then don't expect to be able to save for a retirement."
"\"If it's the first time you've had a heart attack in your life, I don't know what the hell is wrong with you,\" she said."
"But they have also had a bad run in the polls in the US, where Clinton has had a massive lead in the popular vote, and in Germany, where Trump has been leading."
"\"When I was young I would go on a date, I'd just have to leave the house and find a place to sleep,\" she said."
"The train is also seen with a woman and a man on board and a dog on board, as well as two people inside the train."
"This is a game that I think is going to be very interesting to the United States and the world and I think it is going to be a very good atmosphere."
"I think it's a really good win for the league and a very good win for us in terms of momentum and hopefully we can give ourselves a bit of momentum in the next few games."
"The man, who is not being named, said he has been in touch with police and has been taken to a local hospital for further treatment."
"The paper said the changes would not affect drivers who were working full- time or taking part in their jobs."
"\"I think you're going to see a lot of companies taking advantage of the technology,\" he said."
"I know I'm going to be here for a long time and I'm going to be working hard for this team, and I'm going to be there for my family."
"And when he did, he said he couldn't believe he could have played in the Super Bowl."
"It's not a perfect situation, but we're talking about a level of games where you can get to a point of the game where you don't really want to be at the back of the pack."
"The problem is that it's been so long since I've even heard of it,\" he said."
"The move comes as the government struggles to find a way to stop more than $ 1 billion worth of loans that are being issued."
"But she was a very happy, ambitious, confident young woman and she has worked hard to become one of the most influential women in the world."
"As a result, the government will have to decide whether it wants to tax and spend more than it already has."
"\"There's a lot of people who have been waiting for the president to come in and take the job,\" she said."
"The previous year, the report said, the proportion of patients who were taken to hospital for emergency care fell from 29 per cent to 28 per cent."
"The fear is that the UK could be a \"back door \"to the rest of Europe, potentially with a larger number of EU migrants to fill its growing population."
"He has not had a good run of games in which he has shown he can play the right way and he is a very good player."
"A small part of me feels like I'm going to be the first person to walk off the stage."
"The prime minister has also said that she would like the UK to remain in the EU to continue its membership of the single market."
"\"I have been in a bit of a head- start,\" he said in a phone interview."
"I don't think that they have been able to get it in the right way but I'm going to look at that."
"The Democratic Party's presidential nominee will address the nation in San Francisco on Tuesday, a day before the state primary."
"You can see the agreement and I think that is the thing we're going to have to work through in this game."
"The idea of a \"normal \"day is more of a promise than a promise- but that hasn't stopped me from going to a celebration every year."
"\"This is one of the reasons why I was selected for the leadership of the party,\" he said."
"\"It's an important part of the overall structure, so we need to get that right,\" he said."
"\"There is no doubt that we are going to see a lot of hard work put into this project,\" he said."
"The Democratic National Committee says it is considering ways of getting people to vote in the state, but it's still a long way off."
"I know that a lot of people are going to be disappointed and angry because I didn't do well or they didn't win."
"The study authors note that there are still a number of factors that could impact a woman's decision- making, including what type of product she wants, how many hours she has to work, how long she has to be out of the house"
"When I was a kid, I never did much of anything, and I was always able to play with my hands."
"I'm a long way from being able to just go into a room and just speak with people in the room."
"It's not that I didn't like it, but it just made me feel really bad."
"The manager said: \"I was so proud to be back and so proud to be here and feel like a part of it."
"They have no doubt been told by the committee that they can't be involved in the process of the referendum,\" he said."
"She said:'I would have preferred to go home and have a baby, but I am now trying to figure out what I can do."
"\"It is a very difficult situation, but it is not impossible,\" he said, noting that his wife and son would be free to come and stay."
"I think I'm the only person who can do that and that's the reason I'm here."
"\"The same thing happened with my knee,\" he said, adding that he had taken time off work to care for his knee and other conditions."
"\"I am very disappointed that I didn't win the first round,\" Murray told BBC Radio Wales Sport."
"A former deputy prime minister and vice- prime minister, Mr Corbyn has called for the UK to remain in the EU."
"\"It was a very emotional experience, a really emotional moment for me because I have never been the kind of person who would go through something like that,\" he said."
"But we've got a lot of big games to play this year and we're not going to get it done at home."
"The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment on the reports, but the Trump campaign said it was confident it would be able to keep up with the pace of Trump's business."
"It's also important to note that the Trump campaign has not yet released any tax returns, and the campaign has not paid federal income tax since the 2010 election."
"You might want to know if the researchers have put out a claim in a paper or a book that the paper is based on."
"The new law will apply to individuals and businesses who are in the process of leaving the EU or are taking other steps to protect their rights."
"\"If we want to be successful, we have to do everything we can to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure we're doing everything we can to make sure that the market is healthy,\" he said."
"He said:'I came here to do something, but it wasn't the best choice, I just wanted to be somewhere."
"In January 2015, the FBI announced that it would not be able to provide evidence to the committee, which had scheduled a hearing on the case."
"They will have to find a way to tell the public that the pilot was actually flying a plane in the air."
"That means you don't have to worry about your credit score, you can just worry about your credit score without having to worry about anything."
"It was not until I was a little bit older that I realised I was in a relationship and it was a very good relationship."
"It was quite a shock when I came into the team, and I felt like I wasn't even going to be in the team."
"It's not just the weather, it's the focus, the way the game is played, and that's something that we've got to look at."
"\"I don't know what the impact is, but we know we're going to make a difference in the game,\" he added."
"In the final week, the Fed cut rates to near zero to boost growth, but still see little sign of a rate hike."
"The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, is widely expected to sign a trade deal with the United States on Tuesday."
"I am not a journalist, and I don't have the right to tell you what I think, because I don't want you to know."
"I've been looking forward to the game for a long time and I'm very excited about it."
"The decision was made after the club's legal team spoke to the player's mother, who said she had been repeatedly threatened with violence by the officers."
"We are all going to have to find some way of putting that into practice and making it a reality."
"The fourth- quarter earnings were up $ 2. 4- billion or 31 percent from last year, or $ 3. 9- billion or 28 percent compared with the same quarter last year."
"\"If you don't have a home, you can't afford to live here,\" he said."
"I think there is a need for a more comprehensive approach and that's why we've introduced the industry's best- known policy makers."
"We have a long way to go in terms of our numbers but I think we have the potential to be a very good team."
"The reason I'm not a fan of the show is because I don't think they have the answers."
"I'm not sure how I'm going to do it in a way that's going to make people take notice."
"In the end, it's not clear what effect the changes will have on the health of the pound, but it does seem to have some impact."
"The doctors said they had been worried for some time that the possibility of a death from the disease could have been avoided if the patient had continued on her medication."
"And now we're seeing these people in a lot of states, and we need to go after these people,\" he said."
"There was a time when he didn't have to worry about the pictures and the house was always the house of his dreams."
"It's a big difference in what we do and what we've done in the last couple of years."
"\"I was thinking of going out to the club, going to see a movie, buying a house and I was thinking,'I'm going to be in London to film a movie,' \"he said."
"It was a good experience, but I think he's one of the best players in the world and we need to keep him here."
"The government has not said how much money it will pay for the air pollution, but some estimates say that it could cover a cost of around $ 400 million."
"I'm very excited about this event and I'm looking forward to having a very busy week ahead for the athletes and the country."
"This means that we will need to do more to raise the living wage, as the minimum wage has not been raised since the 1970s."
"When I was a kid, there was a guy that was really good at it and I just don't know what else to say about him."
"\"We're not going to be running the show,\" he said in a statement, adding that he would not be attending the show."
"We don't have to take a guess at how many people are affected, or how many people have insurance, because we know."
"He had a couple of runs in the first inning, but couldn't get his bat into the zone."
"I can't believe I'm walking around with this, and that's not what I'd hoped for."
"The number of people without access to health care fell by 1. 7 per cent, while the number of people in hospital remained stable."
"\"We are going to continue to look at the evidence and we are going to continue to review the evidence,\" she told reporters."
"It's not that the car is bad, but it's the way he does it that has me worried."
"When he was in the second grade I was told that he could be used as a rocket and that he could also play sports."
"You may not be able to pay for the flight in full, but you can still buy tickets for $ 10 or $ 30 each."
"He said: \"We have a lot of young people in the squad and I think we're going to be a good squad."
"That's up from the record of one in a row of 20 in December, which was a record for the month."
"It's not like it's always going to be a one- off thing, it's going to be something that happens."
"It's a reminder that you are not alone and it will be very hard for you to get through this."
"I don't think it's going to be an easy task, but I think we need to give ourselves an opportunity."
"In this case, the man was convicted of five counts of theft and one count of sexual activity with a child."
"\"There are some people who say the club are making a mistake, but I don't know what the situation is,\" he said."
"You just have to play the game, and if you don't play the game, you're going to be disappointed."
"I was a young man, my mum was a mother, and I was a bit older than my father, so I was a bit of a burden to my older brother."
"The number of people who want to live in the UK remains the highest since records began, despite the fact that the economy remains relatively stable."
"The current situation is that the man's family have been unable to contact him, and they are left with no means to contact him."
"If you get a phone call from someone who doesn't know you, they will want to know if you're OK."
"\"We are going to make sure that we do everything we can to get the best deal for everybody,\" he said."
"If you're a Republican, you can't just say you're going to support Trump because you're going to be a racist, and you're going to be a racist."
"The police have not yet identified the woman, but are investigating the circumstances of the shooting and are looking into the circumstances of her death."
"He said the project could be completed by 2020, but the cost could rise to $ 15 billion by 2020."
"But the bank is not paying attention to how it's doing business and I don't know what the bank is thinking."
"For the past two decades, the North Korean regime has conducted a series of nuclear tests and has been conducting an economic war."
"\"There's a lot of pressure on the players to have a good game, but there are also times you have to have a good game,\" he said."
"It's not a matter of whether the police will be there, but I am sure they will be."
"The latest U. S. Treasury data showed that the U. S. economy grew at a rate of 0. 9 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace in more than two years."
"The incident comes amid growing concerns about the risk of the virus spreading into children as young as eight."
"\"We are not going to turn our backs on the people of Florida,\" he said, adding that he would not trust the outcome of the election."
"The issue of the future of the West Coast's historic First Coast airport has become a hot- button issue in the state."
"\"When I was a young girl, I was told that I couldn't be a mother,\" she said."
"But they will see that this is a club that can win, so we have to make sure that we play our best football for the next game."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the players that we have and I think we've got a lot of good young players."
"\"This is a decision I have made and I have to respect that decision,\" he said in a statement."
"The driver was taken to a local hospital where he was treated for minor injuries but his driver's license was suspended."
"I feel like if I have a good relationship with the other girl I will go out with her and be with her."
"\"I was walking with my children, and I saw a woman lying on the ground,\" he said."
"I think they were trying to pick up the flag and the officer would have a gun and shoot him, but they were trying to get the gun out of his hand."
"\"I think it's good that we're coming out with something better than what we've had in the past,\" he said."
"I want to see how we manage to keep ourselves in the game, so I don't know if he's playing a game he's not."
"He was not in the room and was not on the set, and he was not in the audience, he was not in the room and did not know anyone else."
"The record was set in the final week of the European Championship in 2015 when all but one of the top four teams were knocked out."
"The U. S. State Department said that Syrian government forces had supported rebel groups battling the rebels, but that the rebels had not carried out any strikes."
"As of today, the average number of active sites is about 1, 000, with the majority of the new ones being for free."
"He said the woman and child had been on the boat for about five hours and had been trying to make a boat journey from the mainland."
"The researchers also found that the researchers were not only finding out more about the health of the population but also the amount of protein they were getting from."
"\"I've never met a woman who has been in this position before, and I'm not a woman,\" she said."
"If they had done that in the first place, then it would be a lot easier for them to get in."
"\"We have a long way to go,\" he said, noting that the world's second- largest economy could not have survived without global trade."
"I don't know if it's something that will happen to me or not, but I feel like I'm in a good place."
"The court had previously ruled that the men should be brought to trial, but had decided to keep them behind bars."
"\"We have a big challenge, we have to take a team, we have to take a team, but I think it's important to take a team and we've got to win,\" she said."
"The evidence suggests that the Welsh Government's failure to take the lead in the fight against the drug was partly to blame."
"The good news is that, while I'm not going to put a price on my head, I don't think I'm going to go on a journey."
"The Fed has made clear it wants to raise rates in the near term and will not be changing its policy until it has a stronger economy."
"It is a great place to meet people and to have a nice lunch and drinks with friends, which I love."
"There is a lot of talk about how he can't play until he can play well and I think that's the problem."
"They will be the only ones who can give you a clean bill of health, and they're not the only ones who will have to pay it."
"The top of the scale is about 4, 000 feet, and the bottom is about 6, 000 feet."
"It is not only about the government but the people of Scotland, and indeed the whole of the UK, who will be affected."
"We've got a lot of talented players now and that's good for the team but not enough to get us into the next level."
"The men would have been on the run from the authorities, and the girl would have been in the care of someone else."
"I want to make sure that I'm not going to be seen as a failure or a failure, but I don't think it's a failure."
"A spokeswoman for Mr Jones said: \"We are working with the police to identify the person and we are taking their concerns seriously."
"I would like to thank all my family, friends and colleagues for their support and hope this will help others who have been affected by this terrible event."
"He is an excellent player and he's a winner, but he's not the guy to go out there and take the ball."
"\"He's got a lot of good ones, but it's not like he can't have them,\" one analyst said."
"If you're not there to listen to what others are saying, then you might not want to listen to your own voice."
"The unemployment rate is now 2. 4 percent, the lowest level in more than a decade, and it's down from 4. 5 percent in July."
"The rate of increase in the pound is the biggest in the six months to date, with the index increasing 0. 9 per cent compared with the same period last year."
"They're there for the next two years and I think it's going to be a different team than last year."
"I'm not sure how it could be that it's a \"loser \"in this situation, but I think I'll stay positive."
"\"It is not just about the [ winning ] game, it's about the whole country, and it's not just about me,\" she said."
"The only way to stop a terrorist attack like this is to be strong and go out and fight, and that's what I'm going to do."
"I have to say I've had a great experience and I've got to take it all with me."
"The election of Donald Trump as our next president has raised questions about the balance between good and bad news."
"It's just a question of whether I'm going to get the same treatment, or it's going to be different."
"The bill is aimed at increasing the minimum wage to $ 15 per hour, but does not require a state agency to do so, he said."
"The government's action came after a leaked report by a former prison officer revealed that inmates were being paid to spend time in the cells."
"If you don't have any money, you'll be able to spend it on things that will make you happy."
"The national team has lost its way in the wake of the recent shock result in the US Open, which has left the national team in a tough spot."
"I am a black man, and when I have a black woman in the White House, I don't see eye- to- eye with her."
"\"There's a lot of other people that work in a different environment and they'll be in a different place,\" she says."
"The research is published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, which is published in the American Medical Association's journal of medicine and surgery."
"He said:'It was like going from being in a bar and into a restaurant and having a couple of drinks in a row."
"The latest poll of likely Democratic voters in California shows Sanders with a four- point lead over Clinton."
"\"We didn't do enough to stop the virus but we did something that had to be stopped,\" he said."
"I know the decisions that we are making, but I don't think it's fair to say that there is a change in the way that we're doing things."
"I was going to do it in a way that we were going to be able to save the day and just have some fun."
"The study also found that men were twice as likely to be diagnosed with the disorder than women, with 25% of men having the disorder compared with 11% of women."
"They were more than 20 years ago, when I got my first job and I was a young manager, and it wasn't right."
"\"You can't ask a girl to do that for you, but that's what you've got to do,\" he said."
"But it's always the case that when you've got a disaster, it's just a matter of when and how."
"If you're going to be on a Saturday night, you're going to want to be able to take care of yourself."
"It's a great honour to be able to play in the Premier League and we're looking forward to playing in the Champions League."
"It's a rare thing to see a leader who has a lot of money and a lot of people and they will be around for years."
"The second one will be to see if the Russians are going to play it safe and get the American team into a better position."
"The issue of global warming has been central to the global debate for decades, and it has become more prominent after the Paris climate agreement."
"If you look at what he's done over the last two years, he's doing exactly what he's supposed to do."
"We are really pleased with the way he's played and I think we can all see his impact this week."
"I think it is about how we can turn off the lights, how we can't be in the dark, and we can't just be in the dark."
"A 16- year- old boy was arrested in a robbery at a bus stop in east London on Saturday, police said."
"But while it's hard to predict how much money the Sanders campaign will raise, it's clear that the campaign has a lot of money in it."
"In other words, you can't get too excited about how the New Year will be and still believe in it."
"\"It's the last thing I want to do and I've got to get the guys involved, get them out of the way and get them prepared,\" he said."
"I've seen it before, in the Olympics, and I'll say this: I don't think we have to worry about that."
"If you have a problem, the solution is to make sure you don't come back in the middle."
"The paper reports that the issue was discussed at a meeting of the British Foreign Office in London on Wednesday night."
"The UN estimates that 1. 6 million people have been killed in Syria's three- year civil war, while 2. 6 million have been displaced."
"\"I'm not saying I wouldn't want to see a Trump presidency, but I'm not saying I'm in favor of a Trump presidency,\" she said in a statement."
"It is important that we do the right thing and we do it in a way that we can win and win well and get back to where we were before."
"The girls had to leave school early because of the threat of being banned from the camp, and the bus driver has been charged with a criminal offence."
"It's nice to have a group of people that you can talk to and you can look at the results and think, \"I can be in there and win."
"At this stage, the city's police chief told the media that he was unable to provide any information regarding the circumstances surrounding the shooting."
"The number of people leaving the EU has increased by more than 300, 000 in the last four years, according to a new report."
"\"If I could do it with a small amount of money I wouldn't be able to afford it,\" he told Reuters."
"But he was one of the few players who has made it clear that he will never be the first to do so."
"There's no way to know if it's a low- or high- quality product or if it's a good one."
"The decision to extend the deadline by one month was a step in the right direction for the agency, which has struggled with funding in recent years."
"We have a very good coaching staff, we have a very good staff, we have a very good staff, we have a very good staff, we have a very good staff, we have a very good staff, we have a very good"
"We are not happy with how things are going but we have a job to do and a family to look after and a home to live in."
"The European Union has announced a new initiative to raise the level of co- operation with EU member states to combat the threat from cyber attacks."
"I've never seen a guy who is like that, he's a tough guy, he's got a lot of good things to say and I'm just going to let him go."
"If he is serious about making a difference, the Giants need to be able to defend his defense."
"It is a statement of intention and when you look at the things he has done for the club, it is a statement of intent."
"It was not immediately clear what the government was referring to in the latest speech, but it comes as ministers hold a conference to discuss the impact of Brexit on the industry."
"\"If we don't get the answer, it's going to be a very difficult game,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell 5. 2 per cent in early trading on Monday after the announcement, following a one- day drop of 20 per cent on Monday."
"And they are also the ones who have to take responsibility for the conditions that you're living in."
"\"I don't think it's a great time to be a president,\" he said during the town hall."
"\"The cost of the house is going up,\" he said, adding that the price of a home in the area would go up."
"\"I'm not going to let them get away with this,\" he said, noting that he'd make a deal with the Fed."
"In a statement to the BBC, the charity said: \"The NHS is a vital part of our society and we have an important role to play in supporting children's education."
"\"I'm not saying we should have a national debate, I'm just saying that there is a lot of potential for improvement,\" he said."
"The city is also home to more than a million people, who make up about half of the country's population."
"If the government is prepared to negotiate with us, then we will do it, and the only way we can achieve that is through negotiations."
"It's not that I don't want to be a part of it, but it's something I've been working on."
"But I'm still excited about it and I'm trying to get ready for the next game, so hopefully I can make it in here and get some rest."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. had sent more than 100 aid workers and humanitarian workers to the country."
"\"I hope that the people in the UK will see this and that the Government will take this very seriously,\" he added."
"The only thing I can say is I'm very happy with the result and I'm very proud of the team."
"The latest figures show the average temperature across the UK has risen by just 2 degrees since mid- 2015."
"And I think a lot of people would be disappointed to know we're not going to be able to get a lot of help to this guy."
"I will be able to go back to work and do my job, but I will not be able to play in the playoffs."
"I'm not saying he's not a tough guy, but he's not the guy you'd want to be playing with."
"The government is also pushing for a more active role for the police and security services in the fight against the terrorists, he added."
"\"We're not going to get caught up in this,\" she said, adding that her team is \"very, very committed \"to the initiative."
"I've been involved in every game, and I've seen it all over the place, and I just don't know why they wouldn't do it."
"The State Department reported in October that more than 250, 000 people have been affected, and the World Health Organization has said it expects more than 1 million people will be infected."
"I had been out of the studio for a month and I was really nervous, but I was really excited to be in the show."
"I don't think I could be more proud of my performance than I am for the fact that I have not just been out there with it all but with it all."
"I just can't believe I made a mistake in the past, and I'm sure you will see the importance of that in my future career."
"It's a bit of a heavy- handed game and I'm hoping he doesn't take it too seriously."
"There are three things you have to do: 1) be smart and 2) be consistent. I've done that for a long time."
"And he's been a true champion for human rights in the region, in his country and in the world."
"It is hoped the council will appeal the decision and a decision will be made by the end of April."
"I felt like a woman in my 40s, and I felt like I was telling the story of a woman who was so different from me."
"As well as helping to strengthen the case for reform, this will also help to develop new technologies and skills, and it will be a step in the right direction for the future."
"There are also times when it's more difficult to be a decent human being in the eyes of an audience, particularly if you're not quite the best actor."
"He is on the road a lot, so he knows what he wants to do, but he has to get it done."
"The Republican has been accused of using his position as the chairman of the Republican National Committee to boost Donald Trump's presidential campaign."
"It's not just that they're not on the list, but that they are not in a position to make a decision on it."
"You could be walking down the street and someone is pulling a gun on you and you could be shot, or you could be shot and you die."
"But it's a much more difficult task for the French, who have a huge domestic base in the United States, Germany and the United Kingdom."
"It was a great night for me, I didn't have to worry about anything but the fact that I had to work and prepare well."
"I was really excited and I think it was a big win for me because I have been training so much and I know I can improve so much."
"This is the first time that a woman has been awarded the title of Queen of the United Kingdom, the second time in modern history being Queen of the Republic of Ireland."
"It's all about the quality of work and the opportunities and the challenges that come with it, and I think that's something we've got to be proud of."
"It was in the style of the run- up to the World Cup in 2006, where it was not as widely seen."
"\"It's a very small sample size, but it is a very significant one,\" he said."
"The child, who had been taken to hospital, was also treated for a minor head injury and released on a promise to return home."
"For the first time, the number of people who have gone to prison has increased over the last six years, according to a new report."
"I think the ones who have had the most success are those who are the most open to change."
"It's not a question of whether you are good or not, but you have to be prepared for whatever comes next."
"When you get a really good run in the second half you have to do a lot of things to get better and that's what we did tonight."
"\"We want to take action in order to make sure that this doesn't happen again,\" he said."
"I think that's not just the problem with the TV and radio that we have, but also the way that we go about our business."
"\"It's a really important period of time for us and we want to play in it,\" he said."
"The agreement will see the country's health service cut the number of people admitted to hospital each week by more than a quarter."
"The first thing you have to do when you are thinking about a partnership is to have a strong relationship with the person you are working with."
"I'm not going to get up in the middle of the night and say \"that's a bad idea \"and tell my family they can go to sleep."
"A spokeswoman for the South West Police said: \"We are appealing for anyone who has been in contact with any of these individuals or who has seen any of these two men in the past few days to contact us."
"I'm not saying I didn't like it, but it's a shame we didn't have a great lead on the road."
"She will be a global leader in the area of health and human rights and we are proud to have her as our ambassador."
"But, unlike the rest of the world, there are no official measures to address the issue of whether you are or aren't a gay man."
"She said the family had been told that a source of funding would be provided for the project but that it would be up to the organisation to decide how it could be funded."
"And the Republican front- runner and former reality TV star, who's running as a Trump or Cruz, has been critical of the treatment of women."
"She was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital in a stable condition, but her condition has not been confirmed."
"The government wants to set the stage for the government to try to avoid this by creating a new class of companies to replace those which have already been created."
"I have to go through a period of difficult times and I have to face a lot of pressure, I don't know how I can be a professional."
"I don't think it's the right place to be for him, but he's got a lot of things to worry about."
"\"I'm here to talk to you, I'm here to help you,\" she said, according to the statement."
"It's not like I had to go to a club like this and I'm not going to go to a club like this and I don't want to go to a club like this."
"The government should support the voices of victims and bring these people into the courts and provide for their release and support,\" he said."
"The last time I was there was a lot of people with water and said,' I'm going to die."
"At the same time, we're not going to say we're going to win by a lot, but we're going to win."
"The very first step in this is to come up with the ideas and then you have to come up with a plan and then you have to be prepared for the opposition to come."
"The current review, which is due to be completed by the end of 2017, will also look at the impact of the changes on our business."
"If they are not, it will be the last thing on their minds before they do it, and they will be more concerned about the fact that they will lose their jobs."
"\"I've had a lot of heart attacks and I know I'm going to be back in a few years,\" she said."
"But he has never been an obvious threat to the two remaining Democratic candidates, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders."
"The virus has a long history and the only way it can spread is if it gets into people's blood."
"The debate, which is scheduled to take place between 11 and 12 April, will be broadcast live on BBC Radio 4's Today programme."
"It's good to see, because it's a little bit hard to make the cut because of what happened."
"In some cases, this could be a significant boost to the economy, because more people have access to credit, which is a good thing."
"It's not something you can just throw around, and I know they are going to be really hard to beat."
"I don't know if it's going to be the only one, or it's going to be the one that everyone's looking forward to."
"In the case of a second flight, the delays were caused by the maintenance staff not being able to guarantee the flight could take off at the same time."
"For some reason, they did not have a second term in which they could have been seen by the people who elected them."
"\"We have to be careful not to just be on the defensive, we have to be able to stay focused,\" he said."
"They have also been criticised for their lack of transparency, which means that those who come to the program can not be contacted by the police."
"The bank said the company would not make any changes to its staff or to the rules governing the use of its data."
"The figures show the number of people with dementia who have moved to other parts of the country has grown by about a quarter in the past four years, according to the government."
"I don't think there is a reason why it's not being seen more often and it's not being seen more often as an issue of leadership."
"The French president, Fran\u00e7ois Hollande, condemned the attack and called for an immediate and comprehensive investigation into the incident."
"The store is so popular with tourists that it's been named one of the best places to eat at a wedding."
"\"You know, I'm not sure if he'll do the job well,\" he said on CNN, according to Reuters."
"I'm sure he'll do his best to help us and hopefully be a good player for us."
"It's a question I've asked myself every day and I'm so grateful for the opportunity to do that."
"The plan is to hold a referendum on the terms of the deal and to make it clear to the British people that we will be voting to leave the EU."
"\"I am delighted to be able to continue my career in the sport I love and be able to play again,\" he said."
"As a result, the number of registered voters who have chosen a candidate who is running for president has dropped by nearly half since the election."
"We are also working with other companies to try to help them with their own issues and to get them to focus on getting a good product."
"She said:'It's a little bit like my husband's dream and I can't believe it."
"The two men who are accused of trying to kill Mr. Lee and his family, who were in the house at the time, are expected to be charged."
"I don't know how to say it, I can't say it like that, I just have to say it like it is."
"\"We are not going to let the situation get any worse, and we are going to try to make sure that we are in the game,\" he said."
"It's a situation where you have to put yourself in a situation where you can't do what you're told."
"The changes will be implemented over two years, with the most significant changes being made in the labour market and social care."
"The Prime Minister has yet to say whether he will sign the deal, but that's likely to be announced in the coming days."
"If you're not happy with your position, you can try to change it and see how it goes."
"It's all about the memory of that night, and how it was the night before, and how it changed me."
"The government said the whole issue of refugees \"refugees \"was a \"priority \"for the Brexit negotiations and that a \"very, very, very, very big \"problem was being dealt with."
"The researchers also found that on average, people with a disability have less time to develop new skills and develop new skills in a professional environment."
"But the Government has said it will not back a deal that would give councils the power to charge people higher rates for housing benefit."
"It is a big thing in a little over a year, but I am happy with the decision I made."
"\"There is a lot of rhetoric out there that says we don't want the international community to get involved in the issues,\" he said."
"The chief executive said: \"It is a very important issue and one that is being addressed in the UK by our Welsh Government."
"If you don't have a strong financial background, you can't afford to be a manager."
"\"It was a good decision to do that because we don't want to put too much pressure on ourselves,\" she told the BBC."
"You can't put a price on your future- the bank will have to decide if it's the right one for you."
"It's a man in a shirt and a woman in a suit, and that's what you're looking for."
"It's a difficult decision to make and the first thing I want to do is get my head right and get myself out of the group."
"The four- year- old boy was shot in the chest by a man who had been following his father's car."
"It's really, really important that you come up with a good plan to deal with the challenges that you're going to face."
"I will be here to tell you that there is still a way to go and I am here to tell you that you will have to be patient."
"The best way to find out about this is to go to the local shop and order a small piece of food."
"We have an incredible team here and I don't think we will have any problems here."
"He was the first person to have died in the line of duty at the end of his career, the inquest heard."
"We know that we can build this team from the ground up and that we can do that every day, every week, every day."
"In the US, a small number of states (and some districts) allow women to vote for men."
"The man who took over the school had been to the school twice before and had been refused permission to use the children's facilities, the court was told."
"The record is a reminder that Trump's early support among women is more than double that of any other candidate."
"A new poll of more than 200 adults found that almost half of voters felt that the election was too close for them to accept."
"It is not a problem that has led to the immediate return of the baby but it is a concern that can't be ignored."
"I'm sure I'll be back here at the start of the season with my family, my friends and all of the players."
"\"I don't know why I am doing this, but I don't want to make a big deal out of it,\" she said."
"He was also found to have a high blood pressure, which is why he was not able to get out of the car."
"I think they need to look at the situation a bit more, and then go on and talk about it."
"\"I'm not saying that he would have been killed in that,\" he said, adding that he had not seen the video."
"The combined sales of the three companies for the current financial year were $ 3. 3 billion, down from $ 3. 9 billion in the same period last year."
"The second half of the season was very good and they really did it for the first time in a decade."
"And I've always been very positive about the prospect of having a team that has an opportunity to win the Super Rugby."
"The Bank of Canada said the latest data from the US- based central bank showed the market had a \"moderate chance \"of seeing a sustained rate increase this year."
"The doctors agreed to work with the couple and in an emergency they flew the pair out to Sweden to meet the woman, who had a baby."
"'They're two very good people, they'll do anything for us, so I'm really proud of them."
"And if we don't, then there's no point in being a country, because we're a democracy."
"He has been charged with attempting to murder his wife and four children, including a baby, in a plot to kill himself."
"\"It's going to be difficult, but we're going to try to win games in this league,\" he said."
"That's the kind of commitment that needs to be made to the fans and the team and to the club and the community, to get it right."
"And if you've been on a long trip or stayed overnight, it can be an extra $ 30."
"If it's going to be the end of the world, I think the fans should be happy with what they've seen."
"I don't know if it's just a trend but I'm not sure it's a trend that I think is going to continue."
"It's a different kind of soul- searching, but I can't help feeling it's a part of my identity."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, it's just a very bad thing."
"\"It's not the same as being a successful business owner,\" he said, \"but it's more about the people who work for you."
"'I have to be honest with you, I think it's just not going to happen in my lifetime,' she said."
"\"We're going to do everything we can to protect our kids, so we're going to continue to do what we're doing,\" he said."
"He could go a long way to show that he is not just a man of action, he is a man of character."
"\"The case is now closed, but I want to say thank you to everyone who has been affected by the error,\" she said."
"\"We were just trying to put together some numbers, and then we got the phone call from the police,\" he said."
"'The same thing happened a couple of months ago, but the people of the city have been more positive about me."
"The UK's top official for sport said there was \"no doubt \"the UK's Olympic athletes would be affected."
"The group's board members were not immediately available for interviews, but it's not unusual for them to hold meetings."
"The first thing you need to do is prepare for the next one, so you don't expect to play the next one, but it's good to get ready."
"I've been told not to say anything that would damage my reputation and I'm not going to go out there and do something that will damage my reputation."
"I'm sorry, but we're a country with a very strict constitution, and we don't have a constitution in France."
"\"I would like to be able to do it in a different way because I've got a lot more experience,\" he said."
"It was also claimed that some of the victims had been sexually abused by the man and that he was trying to control them."
"It's not something that's going to go away, it's just the way we play the game."
"\"I've been a pretty consistent driver this year, so I know how to get the job done,\" he said."
"At the time, the former secretary of state was travelling in Europe with her family, and the couple were travelling to the United States to attend the funeral of their son."
"The \"strike \"by workers against the contract, which will see them pay a \u00a3 15. 50- an hour minimum wage, is also being fought."
"This is the most important thing you can do when you have a bad day and it's not an easy thing to do."
"\"I don't know if there is any evidence, but I have seen people say the doctor didn't do enough to take care of them,\" she said."
"The government announced in December that it would introduce new laws to make it easier for companies to move from one country to another."
"She was also filmed on a private jet being prepared to fly to South America for a conference on the future of the club."
"The reason the economy has not improved since the middle of the last decade is that the middle class hasn't been able to keep up with the rising cost of living."
"\"As soon as we know who it was we want to make sure we take it seriously,\" he said."
"It's a great opportunity for us to try and get a better understanding of the rules and things that we need to do to get the best out of this."
"\"I think the last couple of years have been really good,\" he said, adding that he had been working on his body."
"He's been so strong this year, he's been one of the guys that's going to step up and put his hands up and make the plays."
"The network was founded in 2000, and has more than 600 employees in more than 200 countries, with about 25, 000 in the United States and Canada."
"The Australian Olympic Committee said it was \"shocked \"by the report's findings and has called for an urgent investigation."
"And in the wake of the vote to leave the European Union, the economy has lost ground to wages and has risen."
"\"I'm sure there is going to be some debate about that, but it is not going to be any debate,\" he said."
"\"I'm disappointed that we have to go to this point and we've got to go to another place, we've got to go to the next one,\" he said."
"The biggest question mark for the new Liberal government is whether it will be able to win the election in the short term."
"\"I can't say for certain that I'm going to win this game, but I'm not going to play if it's not a good game,\" he said."
"At the moment we are really happy to have been part of this and have been able to take part in the awards ceremony."
"\"We're very proud of the success we've had in the last few years,\" he said."
"\"The president- elect is not going to be able to get out of that, especially with respect to the border,\" he said."
"It's a really exciting moment for us and we've got a big tournament coming up and we want to see if we can get the best out of it."
"The researchers also found that when the researchers looked at the men and women, they found that women are more likely to have depression."
"He was reportedly a five- year veteran of the football club and would have been eligible to play for the Eagles if he had been in the squad at the start of the year."
"If I have to work on one thing, it's to keep a clean record and not worry about being seen out of my comfort zone."
"He also said the car had been stuck in traffic for some time and it was possible the driver was trying to move the car."
"It is likely to be the first time since 2010 that the candidates will be able to speak in front of a large audience, the party said."
"The party's official website says that it is committed to the rule of law and has a strong track record of democracy."
"That's the most important thing in any sport, and I think we've got to get it right."
"He said: \"It's not just about what's going to happen next year, it's about where we are, where we are going to be."
"I have to make sure that we are dealing with the right thing in terms of the best player available, which I believe we have done in a very strong position."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of being in the country illegally and a police officer was also arrested on suspicion of causing injury to another person."
"\"I would have preferred to have had a different number, but there was a lot of people who were there and that was the best I could have hoped for,\" he said."
"When it comes to local economies, the big question is how many jobs are being created in China, and how much jobs are being created overseas."
"At the same time, he says, the house has become a place to \"live, to be loved,\" and to be a place of escape."
"She said: \"I would like to think that the issue of the current government's record on gender equality is not just about the sex of the men and women in the cabinet."
"The company's stock has fallen almost 20 per cent in value since the government's announcement last month of a new deal with Google."
"And, in a world where we have to work hard every day to ensure we have a good quality of life, we need to be in a position to achieve it."
"The \"public \"part of the public- interest law is important to understand because it allows the courts to impose restrictions on the activities of a group that is already at risk."
"The first two weeks are tough, but it's worth it when the team is able to get into the game."
"The market has been looking for a new deal and we've got a pretty good one at the moment, so we're excited about it."
"\"It's a long- term goal and I think we can't wait to go on the road and see what we can achieve,\" he said."
"We had a great time, I was very proud of him and I thought he was a very special man."
"The US and its allies have been under pressure from Russia over its air strikes in Syria, where it has conducted airstrikes against opposition groups."
"The only thing I can tell you is that I've been at it for a long time and I've got to be very careful."
"The group has been struggling to convince many of its supporters to back the move, despite the fact that it is now the largest club in the Premier League."
"\"We are confident in the way we have done business in the last couple of years and that we have the infrastructure to continue to work with the government to help bring our businesses to life,\" he said."
"In a survey of more than 1, 500 people, he said: \"What I can tell you is that I'm not afraid of anything."
"\"It was a good way to start the day,\" he said, referring to the club's opening ceremony."
"A 20- year- old man was arrested on suspicion of murder after a 15- year- old girl was stabbed in the face."
"I've got a new job and I'm trying to find my own place and a new life, and I'm trying to make it feel like home again."
"But I don't think it's the case that the two of us are in the same boat, and I think we have more in common than we should have."
"I know there are a lot of people out there that would be disappointed to see me go but I've done my job."
"\"This is a very difficult time for me, but I will do whatever I can to help,\" he said."
"And then I'm like, this is the kind of stuff you want to do when you're a young girl."
"They're going to do it by phone, or by email, or by whatever else they have to do it."
"The Government is also being told to boost the minimum wage to \u00a3 9 an hour from \u00a3 7. 50, and it wants to make sure young people have a secure job."
"The government's main hope is to stop the flow of migrants and refugees from Europe to Greece and the UK, which is one of the biggest economic and financial centers for migrants and refugees."
"There's a lot of people in the UK who are not going to be able to afford a home in London,\" she said."
"A group of young girls, aged 14 and 15, were discovered in a bedroom in a home in Glasgow on Thursday evening."
"\"We're going to come back and win the Super Bowl in 2016,\" he said, \"and then we're going to take the rest of the year off."
"\"I'm a Christian and I'm not going to take the position that we've made mistakes,\" he said."
"We also want to show our commitment to the EU as a whole, not just the EU itself, which is more important to us."
"In the past two years, the number of Chinese tourists traveling by air has increased by more than 50 percent, according to the World Trade Organization."
"I'm happy to be here but I'm also sure I'll be a bit disappointed if I get the opportunity."
"The country's fiscal deficit has reached the lowest level since the financial crisis in 2008, according to a report released on Thursday."
"At the same time, the European Central Bank is urging banks to take steps to lower their exposure to the currency."
"\"We don't know where the money is going or where the legal system is going to end up,\" he said."
"The company has previously said it will work with local authorities and is working with local health and social care agencies to support them."
"She said: \"It is the only thing that I have done in my life that I have felt good about."
"I think if we had a good first half, we could have done it a lot more."
"But in the final third he is more than capable of playing in a top- flight game and he can play as well as he likes."
"\"We had a rough start, but we've got the job done, it's a test for us and hopefully we get it right,\" he said."
"\"I would like to see some changes in the way that we play and the way we play,\" he said."
"'When you're young, you have to do it in a way that's not like being old- you have to find a way to get away with it."
"\"This is a day of major events in the history of the country, and the prime minister has to respond to the need for urgent action,\" he said."
"I don't know what he wants to do, but I don't think he has any intention of leaving it."
"At the time, it was a major concern and the Scottish government said it would look at the matter again."
"It's a great feeling and I'm really looking forward to getting into the game and competing for my spot."
"\"I know you know I want to win and I want to win this thing, and I want to do the job that I'm supposed to do,\" Murray said."
"\"We are not going to leave this country without a stronger economy,\" he said, in a speech at the Republican National Convention."
"\"I hope that the next president will bring that same kind of leadership to this country,\" he said."
"\"The way I do it, I'm not going to be doing it, and it's going to be done by the end of the week,\" he said."
"A survey of more than a dozen employees found that about half of them felt that the pressure to work on time was a problem."
"It's very important for us to be involved, I'm very proud of what we've achieved and I'm looking forward to working with him to build on that success."
"He has not been able to get to the playoffs since his second season in the league, when he won the All- Star Game."
"We've been seeing the same people who go on and off the field for a while now, so I think we need to make sure that we're not doing that."
"He was not expected to take part in the final because of his age, which is unknown."
"'He's been so nice to us, so we've made plans to meet up and get dressed together."
"The legislation is the latest attempt by the Democratic Party to use a race with Donald Trump to try to get the next administration elected."
"The younger girls were not as strong as the older girls and when they were older they would not be able to keep up with the pace of the young girls."
"A lot of the people that come in here are the first ones to come in here, so we have to be careful and we have to see that."
"The company said it was now confident in its business, which it said had an impressive workforce and a strong operating income."
"He was just a young man, he was an old man who had a tough life and he had to work hard to be able to live a normal life."
"\"You know what, if you're not playing in the Champions League, I can't even tell you what to do,\" he said."
"There are so many things to do, and I was lucky enough to get a job with a young staff member."
"\"It was a tough decision for me to take at that time, but I've got to look at it now,\" he told the Post."
"\"It's a very hard road, and it's not going to be easy for anyone,\" said the 61- year- old."
"The Russian- backed Syrian Army has launched a significant assault on Aleppo, the country's second city, with Russian airstrikes."
"\"It's a pretty simple thing to do but you just have to find a way to get to the end of the line,\" he said."
"I think it's fair to say that it's not the first time that you've done it, but it's definitely the first time we've done it."
"When you're going through something and you're having to go through a lot of things you're not used to, it can be tough."
"But we can only work with the players that have been there and the experience that they've had and the people that they've had, and we're going to work with them in the future."
"\"In this case, we have a duty to protect the children,\" he said, adding that a child had been taken away from the scene."
"A good deal of money has been made in the last few years by the media, and the vast majority is being spent on advertising."
"It's not just about the money, but what it's about: what are you going to do when you die?"
"But in the short term it's a little bit of a loss to get a win in a competitive environment."
"\"I don't know what they're thinking, but they're thinking about the competition, and that will be the end of it,\" he said."
"They are expected to see a reduction in the number of low- income families who can afford to buy a home."
"There was no time to worry about your health, it was just a matter of time before I would have to go to work and worry about the daily routine."
"But if the government are going to give a go- ahead to a free trade agreement with China, what are they going to do?"
"The research team has also been investigating the effect of the different types of red wine on the brain."
"I'm not the type to sit in the dark and say it's going to be good for the team, because I know it's going to be great for the club."
"A woman who managed to escape the blast and her daughter have been treated for minor injuries."
"I'll be playing at a time when I have to do a little bit of testing, but I think we're going to be very competitive in the future."
"I'll tell you what, if I were you, I would have no idea how I got on with this business."
"\"The problem is, I've never been to the Olympics, so I can't say I'm in the mix,\" he said."
"The 21- year- old was reported to have suffered a minor injury and was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment."
"The government says it is doing everything it can to keep its promise to the people of California that it will protect them from the Zika virus."
"The economic impact of the strike will be felt throughout the city, as well as at the international level."
"We have been talking for years about this and now we are finally going to get it out of the way."
"\"The police are aware of the incident and are asking anyone who has been affected to contact them and report the incident to us,\" he said."
"The BBC understands that he is not part of the team, but it is understood he is not a member of the team as it is not clear whether he will play or not."
"This has led to a number of police officers being suspended, with a request to go further, on suspicion of drug possession."
"It will be a public relations disaster, and it will have a huge negative effect on our brand and its reputation."
"There is a risk, though, that it's not a simple case of the jury being too smart."
"\"There's a lot of guys who are playing and they're just not getting any credit,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's true, but I was out of the house a few times and was thinking about getting a job, so I decided I would go to a high school."
"He has a great club and I'm not sure he's going to be the guy for us."
"The Associated Press and other news organizations have not found any evidence of a link between the drug and the death of the woman."
"The percentage of people who said they would be open to accepting gay marriage dropped from 62 per cent in 2014 to 56 per cent in 2015."
"I'm not a parent, and I don't want to be, so it's not like I'm going to be a parent."
"A woman has been charged with trying to kill a man in a north London park, the Met Police said on Wednesday."
"\"The law was designed to make sure that no one could be killed,\" she told reporters, adding that she expected a change in policy."
"\"We have a lot of options available, and we are ready to use them,\" he said."
"The mother- of- two said:'My children have been sitting in my arms all day, but I can't seem to help them."
"It was a tough one for him, but he's playing with a lot of confidence now, he's coming through the training program."
"The average price of the tickets for the two days was $ 15. 6 million, the lowest price ever for the five- day event."
"The BBC has reached out to the Government for comment but has yet to hear back."
"The UK's top court has ruled it is the only EU country to have to pay for a sex worker to have sex with her."
"It is a message that was clearly delivered in the referendum, and it is one that is likely to be heard again by the people of Scotland."
"I have to play at the top of my game, and I am not a leader or a leader's coach."
"The couple's two children, aged two and three, are also being treated in hospital, but are not believed to have serious injuries."
"\"We have a strong team, but it is not enough for us to win,\" he said."
"If they want to get a share of the profits, they have to show they are making the money and not just working for the company."
"It's the next big step, but we have got a lot of games left to go, so I'm happy to be here."
"In the United States, the highest- ranked college football team in the country is ranked first by the AP, while the top- ranked college football team in the country is ranked second by the Associated Press."
"At this point, it's probably time to get off the bench, though I'm not the only one who has done it."
"I just felt like, when I got into the game, I didn't want to be here, so I said, \"Well, I'm here."
"We are working with our partners in the city to ensure they are all on the same page to help us keep this going."
"\"It's hard to be honest about the fact that I was a poor kid,\" he said in the video."
"It's a great team, but you have to be very consistent to be able to get that result."
"We need to focus on improving health and safety, which is why we have seen a number of strikes in the past two weeks."
"The researchers, from the University of California, San Diego, say the research does not support the idea that humans are the cause of the disease."
"The 32- year- old was charged with two counts of murder and was held on $ 25, 000 bail at a South Melbourne jail on Thursday."
"The group's main financial statement, however, shows that it has more than \u00a3 2. 3 billion in cash, or about \u20ac 3. 5 billion in assets."
"The Prime Minister has also been asked to reveal why he has not used the executive powers of the Commons to give his opinion."
"\"This is one of the more difficult questions for me to answer because of the fact that I am so far behind in terms of my recovery,\" he told the BBC."
"\"I think it's important for people to understand the difference between a potential employer and a potential employee,\" he said."
"The BBC has not been able to reach Ms Taylor, who lives in the town where she and her husband live."
"If I were to be the leader of the Labour party, I'd be asking why it's not supporting the Labour Party."
"It's been a tough year, but I'm happy to be back to my best form and I'm looking forward to the challenge."
"\"The day before, he had been the only one to leave the shop,\" a customer told the paper."
"I think it's very important that we show the world that we can take our products and help them become better and more useful."
"If we can't keep that momentum going, then we're going to have to find a way to win games."
"It is a one- year contract, and it is also a one- year deal for the club, which will pay him \u20ac 60, 000 per season for the next five years."
"This is something that I'm very proud to have done, and I'm proud to say I'm still here."
"The report said it was the first time the number of people working part- time in the last decade has been higher than the number working full- time."
"It's something that I was really excited about, it's something that I was going to be really, really excited about going to see."
"The average age of the girls is 25, while the average age of the boys is 20, the report said."
"The Post is reporting that Clinton's campaign is not aware of the incident, but the State Department says it has no record of it."
"The problem was that he did not have a phone and his home address was not recorded, he said."
"The 30- year- old, who was not injured, was rushed to hospital for treatment for a cut to his left leg."
"The decision is a big one for me because I am still in the squad and I have to make sure that I get ready for the games."
"\"We are not going to rush to the conclusion that we are going to cut services,\" she said."
"The group also said it had reached a settlement that would allow it to begin its work on the project again."
"\"I think there's a lot of uncertainty on the ground,\" he said, adding that the air strikes were targeting \"terrorist groups,\" not civilians."
"\"It's not just that we are at the bottom of this race but we are in this race,\" he said."
"I had a couple of tough days but the only thing I can do is give my best and keep on working hard."
"A 36- year- old man has been charged with the murder of an eight- year- old girl and two boys."
"That is the reason we have a good mix of players from England, France and Australia so that makes it a good team."
"I think it's one of the reasons why I've been able to get myself out of this situation so quickly."
"It's a tough thing to do when you're a big boy, but it's just fun to be around him."
"I've been so happy with the way we've played this year, but I think it's a bit of a let down."
"There is no question that the more important thing is that we get the information from the people who have the information."
"The number of people who have cancer and who are on a waiting list for treatment has increased by more than half in a decade, a government study has found."
"I think I'm the best player in the world to get the ball, and I'm sure he's got the right attitude."
"You can't have a woman who's been on the streets and she's been taken out of the party and she's out of the party."
"I don't know what I want to do, but I'm not going to have the luxury of leaving the place."
"\"I've been in a couple of those situations where I've been challenged and I've been really lucky,\" he said."
"A source close to the Saudi- led coalition in Yemen said the Saudi- led coalition had launched a campaign of airstrikes in support of the Saudi- led coalition."
"He has become a symbol of the movement for a better future for Britain, one that has seen the referendum result finally make it to the ballot box."
"The European Commission said on Friday that the two- year- old procedure is expected to be completed within the next few days."
"\"I don't think it is a bad thing for the government to give us a new tax, but we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"I've been doing this for a long time and it's the same for me: this is what I've been doing for the last 10 years."
"In addition to the $ 6. 5 million in fines, there are several other fines and penalties associated with the action."
"Theresa May is due to hold a summit on Tuesday with the heads of EU states in Brussels, the UK's foreign secretary has revealed."
"The day after the election, he was declared the winner of the state's Republican primary, but a month later, he lost the state's Democratic primary."
"\"We know that if we don't take care of the issues, we will lose the support of the public,\" he said."
"The main reason for the cuts is the state's budget deficit, which is expected to fall to 2. 9 per cent of GDP by 2020."
"The fact that he won the second round in the heat of battle, but the fourth round in the heat of battle, he was going to be here."
"I am going to do everything possible to help the community, and I am going to work with everybody and I will do everything I can to make this team a better place for everyone."
"At the same time, they said the stock market was too small to benefit from a strong return on investment."
"\"They are not as active as the [ S & P 500 ] benchmark, which has a lower return and lower margin,\" he said."
"The journey has been in the air for more than a year and is now believed to be more than two years old."
"The man was on a long journey and didn't have a mobile phone, so he took off running, the police said."
"It's not like I have to go to the doctor every time I go out, I just have to go to work."
"The goal of the study was to see if the pain relief might be effective for people who have chronic pain or who have had an eating disorder."
"And the only way to save the planet from itself is to help other people,\" she says."
"The first thing I want to say to the fans is, you know what, you know what, you know what, it's not a decision we made."
"\"This was not a student, this was a guy who was a student of mine,\" she said."
"It is a huge achievement for us, and I want to thank him for it and the many times we have had a chance to play at this level."
"The scheme is part of a wider public health initiative which will be launched this year in the UK."
"In a country where the population is more than twice as large as the rest of the world, this means that the most common form of economic disaster is not just a recession, but also a global recession."
"In a statement on Tuesday, the company said it would not be targeting advertising at the event, although it would be targeting the whole of the industry for a smaller event."
"\"We don't know if the two- year rule is going to be applied for the whole season,\" he said."
"We are going to be looking at the next four or five months as the opportunity to see what the next few months will be like."
"I have been playing in a lot of games but this is my first game with a big club and I am nervous."
"He said: \"It's a really great day for the club, it's a good day for the whole team, I think it's a good day for the boys."
"In order to get the results I'm going to have to do a lot of stuff, but it's going to be a fun thing to do."
"It is not a \"player of the year \"and if we win the league we will have to win it again."
"The latest figures show that over the period of the data the number of people receiving care in England and Wales has fallen by an average of 23 per cent."
"\"They're more of a comfort zone than anything else, and they've got a lot of people that don't have a home,\" he said."
"The two- year- old was last seen on Sunday, when police were called to reports of a suspicious package being found at a nearby home."
"The Scottish government's annual report on Thursday showed that the number of people working part- time for a single payer rose by 1. 2 million in Scotland."
"The numbers are up for the first time in two years, as the Central Bank announced a record 1. 9 million people were eligible to vote in the 2016 general election."
"\"They are the ones who know that when they leave, they will be more responsible, because they know that the consequences will be better,\" he said."
"The S & P 500 index rose 0. 2 per cent, while the S & P 500 index closed up 0. 3 per cent."
"\"It's really important to get on with the job, the game plan and to prepare well,\" he said."
"\"When the first attacks occurred, the police were very clear that they were protecting the people and taking care of the community,\" she said."
"The policy is to allow the NHS to operate only when the risk is considered by the medical professional who has responsibility for treating the patient."
"And when I was in the company of people who were getting a doctor's note saying they were going to be hurt, I started to think I had to get out of the hospital, because I couldn't do that."
"I am confident that I can make a strong case for a Conservative- Liberal Democrat government to pursue a free trade agreement with the United States."
"It's all about the player, the guy who is going to get the job done and get a chance to win the job."
"The average rate for a mortgage is $ 1. 99 per month, compared with $ 1. 46 in the United States."
"They are all really good players and they have done a great job in the last few weeks but we are still a bit of a ways away from our first round."
"\"I'm sure the drivers will be really pleased with that,\" he said, noting that he did not think it would be a problem for the car."
"The social media giant has since set its own rules for how users can be identified, according to The Wall Street Journal."
"'You need to be a bit more careful with your mouth, because you're not going to feel anything,' he added."
"In the last six months we've got a record- breaking run of sales that has been driven by great local producers."
"It's not the first time the West Coast has seen a decline in tourism, but it's not the first time the region has lost its edge."
"\"I was there the other day and I saw him and he said it was a really cool man,\" she said."
"\"We've got a lot of good players in the squad, and I'm not surprised by that,\" he added."
"He will be the first major American general to serve in the United States military since Ronald Reagan, and the first person to be a major American general since the French, who became the first American president."
"The problem is that even if you're not at the top of your game, you still don't know where to start."
"In the space of a few hours, I couldn't believe the amount of people I had met that day."
"\"I'm not going to be taking my hand off the wheel and giving him a hard time,\" he said."
"A \"direct hit \"from the police was a \"major blow \"to the family, she said."
"A source close to the family said they had a meeting last week to discuss the possibility of a possible settlement, but it was not clear if that had been discussed."
"I don't think it's going to be an issue for the team, but it's going to be a factor for us."
"\"We are going to spend a lot of time on that,\" said Trump, who has a record of making deals with big businesses."
"\"If you look at the situation right now, it looks like a very, very short time ago,\" she said."
"There's a lot of money, and it's only going to go up when you're not being paid."
"He has been one of the most popular players in the NRL and we want to see him in a variety of positions."
"\"If you don't win, you will never get your name in the history books,\" the man said."
"The fact that the person is also a man means there are more female characters than male ones in the film."
"But it's not a bad thing to have a little bit of a laugh and it's something that we're going to talk about."
"But he said his parents had decided to take him to the UK because they wanted to save a little money on their mortgage."
"The goal is to see how well the system works so that it can be applied across the country, and then we'll see how it works in the UK."
"In the past four years, the average of the four core companies has risen by 2. 9% in a single year."
"\"We've made a lot of mistakes in the last couple of years and we've got to make a lot of changes,\" he said."
"The site, which was approved in October, will remain open until Monday, October 5, and is available on the site's Facebook page."
"And we have to be very careful about what we say and what we say about what we don't say, and we have to be very careful about what we say and what we don't say about what we don't say."
"In a letter to the club's president and chief executive, they asked him to \"consider the issue \"and to take action to prevent a \"substantial loss of potential revenue \"from the deal."
"But then I did it again the next day and it was a different one- we didn't have that much time."
"\"I think that's one of the reasons that the Republican party has been so successful in the past,\" he said."
"\"I didn't want to be in the centre of the park, but I was just in a good place,\" he said."
"\"The car is in the wrong place at the wrong time, the fire engine has not started and the driver is in serious condition,\" he said."
"She said: \"I think it's important to give people a fair idea of what the \"experience \"of life is like, and what it means to be human."
"I think it's more like a club game, with the players, the coaching staff, it's not just about us, it's about the club."
"We were at the same time, I was on the pitch and in the team and that was the highlight of the day."
"It's no surprise that the main reason the UK economy is growing is because of the EU- trade deals."
"\"It is a big opportunity for the Democratic Party, and it's a big opportunity for me personally,\" he said."
"There is no longer a need to worry about what's going to happen to the economy or what's going to happen to the world."
"He is in the U. S. House of Representatives, where his seat is held, and could be a possible 2020 vice presidential pick."
"We're a very good team, and I think it's just a matter of time until we get a chance to play against the best team in the league."
"\"There was a point at which I felt I didn't feel welcome because I didn't have the resources,\" he said."
"It's not a good feeling, but it's the most important thing to me, and that's what I do."
"It's the first time I've played with a female in the same position, and I think it will be a very special moment for her."
"The two- year- old girl was found dead on the morning of July 11, 2014, in a house in the town."
"\"It's important for me to win games and not have a difficult game,\" he said, adding that he would be happy if the results were a little better."
"If I had to say the least, I'd say it was the right decision for us and it was really disappointing to lose to Rangers."
"If you're an American, you have a right to be angry, but the argument that we're here to be angry isn't true."
"It's a major boost to the economy as well as a welcome sign that there are still plenty of opportunities for young people to find jobs."
"The answer is not \"yes,\" but \"no,\" which is what they were hoping for when they first started the petition."
"I think it's a game we're going to have to prepare ourselves for, but we're going to go out there and play hard and give the right plays."
"She had been under a lot of pressure over the past few months to get her head round what she was going through."
"The family of a young woman killed in a knife attack in a Melbourne street are asking for the community to help with a \u00a3 50, 000 reward to find her killer."
"We're not going to be able to do this if we're not making the best decisions that we can."
"The single most important thing is that we got together and made a decision and we made the right decision to have a private conversation about what we were going to do next."
"\"I'm going to be the last one in,\" he said, and he did not want to be a late- night host."
"The small business owners who make up the majority of the small business owners are those who have a lot of money and who have to deal with the issue."
"This is a debate that is not only about the economy and jobs, but also about the issues we face today and the future of our country."
"I'm very proud of the fact that I've never had a child in my life, that I've never had a business or a home or a job or anything like that."
"But she would be the first woman to win a major on the same stage since 1992, when she won the U. S. Open in a night by as many as eight games."
"If you want to see a larger picture, you can see a smaller one in the photo, so it's a little bit more difficult."
"I had a lot of fun and I did have a lot of fun, so I'm not going to sit here and say it was a good experience."
"\"I'm so grateful for the opportunity to do it again,\" he said, adding that he hopes he can do the same for the next one."
"The researchers say that, for all but the most extreme cases, the case- management process can be very slow and difficult."
"If you're not, you may have to wait until the next time you apply for a mortgage, to be sure you're on track."
"\"We are going to find out what they are up to tomorrow and we will be able to offer them a lift,\" he said."
"But the party is also believed to have made some changes to its strategy, which is still aimed at changing the way the public sees the party."
"That would be a bigger deal if we were to be the first to pay the price and we wouldn't have to go through the process of asking for a price."
"I don't think it's fair for the media to get away with saying that he didn't do anything wrong."
"\"I didn't know him, I didn't know his background, I didn't know his friends, I didn't know his family,\" he said."
"\"The problem is, I've had a pretty rough year, and I'm not really prepared to do anything about it,\" he said."
"A decade ago, he would have been a Republican who was not really a candidate for the White House."
"I don't know if I'd be the same as the players who are now here, but I will be here for the next few years."
"\"We are also, we are convinced, a much larger industry than the government,\" he said."
"But it's not as simple as just looking at the data and seeing what you can't see."
"\"I have never had the opportunity to speak to anyone who has had to do that,\" she said."
"I think it's a lot better for the game to be able to say, well, it was a mistake, and we are going to fix it."
"But what I don't understand is what the four or five men that I have been with, I know, as a group, have been able to do to me."
"The Prime Minister will be in London later on Thursday for a summit with senior government officials and heads of state from across the political spectrum."
"\"It was only after they had been there for two hours, that they realised that they had come into contact with a bomb,\" she said."
"It's a club that has been on a winning run, and has won two titles in a row."
"The problem is that the UK is a very small market, so the government can't actually make a big difference."
"I have a great squad of guys who will be in there and we are happy to have them."
"He said the city had no plans to do so, but would look to do so with the help of local officials."
"She said she would have to spend more time at home with her husband and three children, but said she was not too worried about the situation."
"The result is that we're seeing a dramatic shift in the way that we see the world,\" he said."
"It's easy to forget, but I'm not sure what that means for my future if I leave the game."
"I feel like I'm still playing well, but I'm not playing like I used to."
"She was born in Italy and lived in the U. S. for a number of years before moving to the United States."
"We have had a great season, but we are not playing like we have been and we need to improve our game."
"The company's shares were up 7 percent at $ 43. 24 on Tuesday, after the retailer said it will cut 50 jobs."
"I'm not going to say they don't make money, but they don't get to see it."
"The 2, 000 people who were killed were people from all over the world, including Saudi Arabia, Germany, Russia, China, the United States, India, and the Philippines."
"It's a little bit of a race between the two of them and it'll be really interesting to see how they do it."
"\"I was an anti- establishment Republican and I don't want to be associated with the kind of political statements that Trump has,\" he said."
"He's been at the centre of the debate, the biggest issue facing the country, and his defeat was a blow to his hopes of a comeback."
"In the first half of this year, the team was on course for a 17- 0 victory over a group of five- time champions."
"When he was young, he didn't think he would be able to do it, but now he's able to do it."
"There is an opportunity to make a difference and it is a big responsibility, but it is not a big chance for me."
"We are not aware of any previous cases of this type being reported, although it is not the first time this has happened."
"\"We can't just be the one that doesn't have the best team, and I'm not going to give up a single point,\" he said."
"If you don't have an account and you don't even know it, you'll be charged with a tax charge, which will be added to your bill."
"The result is that, for the first time in my life, I am now living a full life in which I am free to have my life as it sees fit."
"I've been on a couple of occasions where I've been at the top of the game and I'm just happy to be here."
"The French leader also said on Monday that the terror group was not targeting the French military or the security services."
"And that's the feeling you get when you look at some of the top players on the planet."
"He has to be prepared, because he can go to the dressing room and he's got to be prepared."
"It's so exciting to see the end of the season, but we know that the experience of playing in the Championship is a huge boost."
"I was very pleased with the performance of the team, and I thought we were in for a really tough week."
"He added:'I don't know what happened to the other girls and I don't know who they are but they were in the wrong place at the wrong time."
"This is a team that's in a very good place, and they've got a lot of good players coming through."
"When you look back, it's not a day that you can say \"I'm not happy \"or \"I'm not happy \"or \"I'm not happy \"or \"I'm not happy \"or \"I'm not happy \""
"The increase in the number of people using mobile phones in the past year, and the increasing number of people using the internet, was driven by the fact that we are being asked to register and use our phones more."
"The attack happened in the town of about 10, 000 people, near the border with Iraq, and left at least two people dead, including one who was seriously injured."
"He added: \"I'm not going to say I would have made a decision to stay in, but I think there's a lot of work to do."
"It's an opportunity to show off to the world, and it's going to be a really big one for us."
"\"I don't want to be a burden to anybody, but I am still an animal,\" he said."
"I didn't know that he was going to be able to say that he was going to kill us,\" he said."
"But the number of people in the top half of the income distribution who actually get a tax break is small."
"He was also reported missing on Monday, two days after his flight from New York to Los Angeles was cancelled due to a crash in the Atlantic Ocean."
"'You're going to have to take that into consideration, you're going to have to be able to perform well,' she said."
"\"There are a few people that I think are going to be out there tomorrow and they're going to be in a tough spot,\" he said."
"But if I do end up having to pay a fine, I'm not going to do it."
"The paper says it has been offering more than \u00a3 500, 000 of the \u00a3 500, 000 it will receive from the deal, which will be made up of the money it will receive from the UK's biggest bank."
"It's not going to be the same, but I feel that I have to be better at the things that I've done, and I'm going to continue doing it."
"The UN has warned of \"significant risks \"to the humanitarian situation in Aleppo, and the operation to free the city's residents has been delayed."
"\"We need to be careful not to hit the wrong people, and we're not,\" she said."
"I have a lot of people who are not working and they are not happy and they are not going to get out of the house."
"I was going to get a couple of hours off work but I just went home and I just kept on going and on and on."
"\"I think it's really important for us to put ourselves in the position where we can potentially compete and come up with the same results that we did,\" he said."
"It's not about being in the top five, it's about being on the top four, being on the top four, and that's what we've got to get right."
"\"I've got to be honest, I was a little bit nervous going into the game,\" he said."
"The lack of a clear plan for the future has led to the debate over how to deal with the refugee crisis."
"He was in a car with two other people, and one of them was actually the owner of the car."
"She said she would have a hard time spending time with her husband, who she said had a mental illness."
"In the past year, nearly 1, 000 people have been arrested and more than 1, 000 have been charged with planning terrorism, according to the Justice Ministry."
"The agreement, which comes into force in 2018, requires the state to provide $ 1 billion in funding each year for the next five years."
"The company said the extra money will help it boost its customer base and boost the company's reputation, which will make it more competitive."
"\"I have never been to a war zone before, so I've never been in a war zone before, so I'm not worried,\" he told The Times."
"I would like to think that you have a problem in the person, and you have to get help."
"This year's edition of the show was filmed in the United States, and has attracted tens of thousands of viewers across the world."
"I'm hoping that if he's happy with this, I can give him a warm welcome here."
"The US State Department has said that the initiative was a \"state- sponsored \"threat and that it would be addressed."
"You know what, if I get into a race, I'll say, \"You know, I'll take a look at it, and you'll see what I did."
"If you are already in a position of control, then it is not so easy to try to make your way back."
"The business has been on the run for months, but in August, the company was formally accused of tax fraud."
"The report found that the number of domestic violence calls increased from 7. 6 per cent in 2011 to 9. 4 per cent in 2015."
"The move is the first time the government has had a referendum on its plans to build a border wall along the Mexican border."
"He'll be the same as he was, but he'll have a lot more to prove, he'll be more of a threat to the game."
"The model is about to enter the final stages of construction before it is put to final testing before being able to begin production."
"The bank said it expects the pound to trade at a record low of 1. 46 per U. S. dollar, a drop of 0. 9 percentage point from a year earlier."
"I think it was a very good move and I've had a lot of people talking to me about it."
"I don't know, you know, I never really went into it, I never really got into it, but I did get into it in the last few years."
"This is a reminder that we must not let the world see us as the enemy, but as a friend."
"I'm not sure how you feel about it, I don't know what else to do."
"\"It's a small group of people, but it's a group that could be hundreds of people,\" she said."
"The company has been buying up those trees in the hope of finding new ways to use them for its products."
"\"I feel like I'm part of the system,\" he said of his position as the only black Republican in the U. S. Senate."
"I think the European Union is doing more to help a lot of people in the economy than the EU has done to help us."
"\"It was a great night for him, it was a great night for the team and he made a very important contribution,\" Williams said."
"\"The US is making an incredible mistake- it will be hard to say the least,\" he said."
"I would say that I have to give my heart and soul to the man who came here, and to the work that he did."
"\"The guys that we're really excited about, the guys that we've got to bring back and give our guys a lot of respect and a lot of confidence in this league,\" Smith said."
"In some cases, the man's hands were covered in a bandage, but they did not seem to be able to be affected."
"The next couple of weeks, when I'm back on the pitch, I'll have to show a little bit more of myself."
"This is a very different experience, and I think he'll be the best player in the world for a long time."
"But if they're not, I'm going to go with the best people I know."
"\"I think you need to look at the results and see what's going on in your party,\" she said."
"\"There are some people who have the conviction and those who don't, and I'm sorry that I have to make that decision,\" he said."
"And, with the support of the public, we will do everything we can to help our partners get the message across that this is not the kind of outcome we want to see."
"And I don't know if the other guys know, but he's been there before, and he's a different guy."
"The Fed raised its benchmark interest rate on Wednesday to its lowest level since late 2014 and has remained so since the financial crisis in 2008."
"\"We are not going to give up on this- this is the biggest challenge in the race,\" he said."
"The child's mother, who has no immediate claim against her, is appealing against the decision to the court."
"\"I am very confident that in the future, this will be a family affair,\" he said."
"The incident happened while the two were in the car, and the driver of the car was not injured, police said."
"We want to make sure we have the resources and support to get us there."
"I feel a lot better when I'm not playing for the manager and I can feel like the players are doing the job."
"The European Central Bank has said it will cut its bond- buying program next month, amid concerns the central bank could delay further interest rates."
"The first five years of the deal, which has been in place since the middle of last year, will be covered by a service similar to that offered by Microsoft."
"I don't know how he's going to get back to work, but I'm trying to keep my head down."
"The government is already working with the private sector and the European Union to develop a range of new technologies and technologies that will enable more people to find work and make better use of their time."
"It is a very important day, and I hope that in the coming days I will be able to reflect on that and I will be able to do my job."
"The court heard the pair were at a restaurant in the city when they were allegedly attacked by two men."
"He's been a big part of our team this year and we're hoping he can do a lot of good things for us."
"It is also possible that I am not telling the truth but instead being a part of the establishment."
"\"It's important for us to keep this focus on the game and let the players know what they're doing,\" he said."
"But in the end, I'm going to be able to get to the playoffs and be the best that I can be."
"She was in the middle of her career when she decided to start a charity to help those in need."
"He made a good impression in the final 15 minutes, but the pressure was on him and he was not able to get on the ball."
"A handful of Tory MPs, including a number of MPs who are in favour of leaving the EU, are also calling for a referendum to be held."
"They can also use the extra money to purchase a new car, so the government will be forced to act."
"I don't know where he went wrong or why he didn't do what he was told."
"In the first 10 minutes he gave us a chance to score a goal, we kept playing like that and we are very pleased with the way we played."
"In this case, the decision is for the customer to be charged $ 100 per day for the service, and the customer is then free to use the service again."
"The information it contains is not intended to be used for criminal investigations and is intended only to help those who wish to come forward with information."
"'You just can't do that when you're a single parent,' she said."
"We will be pushing him as far as we can to try and get him to stay where he is and we hope he does that."
"It's not a question of how much you can afford, but what you can afford to do for the next few years."
"The Lakers have lost two straight games and are now 3- 0 in the series."
"\"I know I've had some injuries but I feel like I've got a shot and I'm still getting the ball moving,\" he said."
"They were in a position to win, and I think they did a very good job of it."
"As a result, a majority of the new officers are already retired, but the proportion who are still employed is still much higher than in the previous decade."
"They're saying they're going to have a really good year, but they're not going to be the same guys that we had in 2014."
"It is not clear what impact the review will have on the industry, but it will be good for the British economy."
"It is also something I've talked about before and I think that will be a big part of it."
"I am in a position where I can show that I am not only going to help the team, but also my family and the fans."
"In the first quarter of 2016, the share of employees who were working full- time was up from 15. 2 percent to 17. 2 percent."
"The health care bill, the country's biggest and most controversial, will be delivered by a single- speaker at the Republican National Convention in July."
"You're only as good as your record as you get, and I'm going to make sure you're going to make the best record possible, too."
"A state of emergency was declared in the capital, Ankara, after a suspected suicide bombing targeted a police station in the city."
"The announcement comes as German officials are warning of a growing number of tourists arriving in the country illegally."
"He said: \"We have been very pleased with the progress we have made and will continue to be."
"He would go on to become the leader of the party and would spend much of the last decade of his life as a member of the party."
"We'll see where he goes, we'll see where he goes, but we're still going to be happy with him."
"\"As a matter of fact, we were going to go back to the old rules and we were not,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 5 percent on Thursday, gaining nearly 20 percent in the past 12 months."
"I don't think that the people who are thinking about this are really aware of the fact that I am a very strong opponent."
"The new report suggests that more than half of all adults in the country are not aware of the law, with the majority of them not aware of the lack of access to safe and legal abortion services."
"The director of the US National Institute for Health Research has warned of a \"grave risk \"of a \"lost decade \"for children's health."
"When I came back to work at the club, it was a different atmosphere and I was really excited to get involved with the club."
"She has said she has received no information from her employer about what was said during the interview, and she does not believe she was threatened by Trump."
"The goal is to get the ball in the air and then we have to play a real good game."
"The official said there would be no new arrangements for medical care for the sick, but that the situation was \"very serious \"and there was a need for a review."
"The third- quarter earnings per share were down 7. 4 percent from a year earlier, but still well below Wall Street's expectations."
"The research found that the average parent might be looking for a low- cost way to pay for their child's education."
"He has since claimed that he \"wanted to kill \"Trump and \"that's why \"he left the city,\" adding that he would not have joined the Republican candidate in the US."
"It's the first time we've seen such a shift in the scale of the problem- and we think that's something we need to tackle."
"He's a guy that's really good for us and I like him as a guy that can help us out a little bit."
"I'm also in a relationship with the guy who is married to a big girl who I love so much."
"There are too many people in the world who don't know what to do with their money."
"I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm not doing a thing about it."
"But they are unlikely to be as high- quality as they were in the past, as they were not competitive with other schools."
"We'll be working on that, we're working on the whole- we'll do that very quickly."
"The new study also found that women who quit smoking had a 19 per cent lower risk of cancer than those who never quit."
"But I was just so proud of the quality and the opportunities I had to develop as a player, and I think that's a good thing."
"He said: \"I am a little bit disappointed that I don't get to see my dad and I know he will miss me a lot."
"The government's emissions reduction targets for 2020- 2035 will be set at a range of between $ 4. 5 billion and $ 10. 6 billion."
"We've got a really good team here and I think we've got a real chance to win the game."
"The man was detained by police in the early hours of Saturday morning, and is in police custody, the police chief said in a statement."
"I don't have a question, I'm not going to answer that question, but I'm not going to answer it completely."
"When you do it in a park, you don't know how long it will last, so you'll have to pay attention."
"The third- quarter results were good for a 2- 1 deficit, and they were up for the playoffs in their first season in the Big Ten."
"It's a very competitive league, and you're looking for something that's going to make it easy for you to win."
"We will not do that again, but we will try and do it again and hopefully the next one will be very successful."
"\"I don't know if you know it but I've had a couple of people who have been in my shop for a long time,\" he said."
"And in order to make it easier to access our data we will be able to put a price on it."
"The show, which is based on a book by his wife, was being broadcast on the BBC Radio 4 comedy show, \"Sunday Night Football \"in September."
"When he was elected, Mr Trump's campaign claimed that it had won $ 8 million in advertising in the last three weeks alone."
"\"The solution was, I think, to make the whole thing even better,\" he said."
"\"I think they're going to be a big part of the conversation,\" Mr. Trump said in a speech in Iowa on Friday."
"A woman has been found dead in her flat in Edinburgh, the Scottish Police Service said in a statement."
"If you don't know the meaning of the word, you will never know what it means- and that's not something we can control."
"\"If you're going to say you're going to support someone who's a Muslim or a Muslim woman, you're going to be a racist,\" Trump said."
"I'm also not going to let my daughter go to school without her knowing, but I have a lot of respect for her."
"\"I've never been a big fan of any candidate who doesn't want to be a moderate,\" he said."
"At this point, the men had asked the woman to keep their hands off her and leave her alone, he said."
"\"The only thing that stops this is the love of the game,\" he said of the media."
"\"It's a significant achievement, but I'm sure the lessons learned from this are going to apply to others,\" she said."
"\"The more I thought about it, the more I thought, this is what I want to do,\" he said."
"There are a lot of other factors that we are going to have to deal with and we have a lot of other things to worry about and we've got to focus on them."
"They have been around since the 1980s, and the term \"holiday \"was first used by a Scottish MP in 2013."
"But, at the end of the day, we can't have that,\" he said, referring to the GOP's proposal to allow transgender people to use the bathroom of their choice."
"It's not the first time a new address has come up in the wake of the Brexit vote."
"The company is also due to make more than $ 3 billion in cash, a figure that's higher than the company's reported $ 1. 8 billion in cash and stock."
"'I think it's the right thing to do and the right thing for the future of the country, which is to vote,' he said."
"And, after taking the second- place finish in the Gold Coast in July, he is now back in the hunt for a spot."
"\"We are in the middle of a very interesting discussion, and it's very exciting to be here,\" he said."
"The majority of the more than 20, 000 deaths in the last five years were caused by people falling off their feet."
"\"They have to be in the country and they have to be in the EU, and then they have to be free of the laws,\" he said."
"For those who live in the area, there are now more than 10, 000 people living in the area, and there are a lot of people who work there."
"It is up to the secretary of state to decide if we are ready for the kind of government that the electorate want."
"\"I think it's nice that we have these players in the dressing room, and hopefully, hopefully, you'll be able to do some good things,\" he said."
"And when I went to see him, he was doing a full one- hour interview, and I didn't know what to do."
"A 10- month trial of the vaccine was launched last month, with a final vaccine delivery date set for 2020."
"And I think that's the reason that the people who are trying to get in, they're not really interested."
"'I'm not going to lie, I did not know it was going to be a week like this."
"And the same goes for anyone who wants to see a whole new type of business model developed, one that can't be found anywhere else."
"\"If you don't like the level of play, you can always go to a better club,\" he said."
"We are getting into the second half of the season, but we are not there yet and we will not be."
"I had been training in the summer and I'd just made my way to my first race on the mountain."
"I don't know how to describe it, but I think it's very interesting to watch the film and to see it live."
"I'm excited to be here and it's a great opportunity for the club to get a result in the next couple of years."
"\"I'm very proud that we've got to win games like that because they're what you see in the world,\" he said."
"He was one of the first people to come to our home and it was a very special place to be."
"It is expected to be released on Tuesday, and it will be a good one, too."
"The first was a day- long shoot with a few dozen participants, all of whom are people who have been in the business for a long time."
"\"We've got a lot of young players coming through that have never played professional cricket before, so we have a lot of young players that are very good,\" he said."
"\"He was the man that I loved the most, the person that I had always known and loved,\" she says."
"The report suggests that the higher wage is in part due to the fact that employers are using more workers and not just to fill their offices."
"As a result, the United States is also struggling to balance its budget deficit with the threat of an unprecedented economic crisis."
"The father- of- two says he has no idea what the consequences of his actions will be, as he says he is not an \"average citizen \"and doesn't know where he will end up."
"But as far as I know, no one in the club has ever done it and I'm not even sure about the numbers."
"The two- year- old, who was taken to the hospital with minor injuries, was able to get himself to hospital before the incident, police said."
"You're not going to know, I can't tell you, if you're not going to do it."
"I don't think I have to be the first player to go through something like this and get hurt and miss it."
"The NBA's new television rights deal with the NBA, which will be broadcast over the next two years, is expected to cost $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion."
"A spokesman for the Met Police said: \"We have received a report of two men who are alleged to have been in possession of the stolen goods."
"The man was arrested and charged with a number of offences, including possession of cannabis and possession of a controlled substance."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that it's the only thing you can do,\" he said."
"The latest figures show that the number of people aged 65 and over who have a disability increased by a quarter in the last year."
"But she also points out that the majority of women are not in the workforce- a position that could shift if the economy is not strong enough."
"The poll found that just 1 in 10 voters (11 percent) said they would not be able to vote for Clinton, while 53 percent said they would not be able to vote for Sanders."
"The video shows a man being shot in the head by a group of armed men, who are seen trying to take him down."
"A spokesman said: \"We can confirm that there was an incident involving a UK aircraft on board the aircraft."
"For example, the average US citizen is spending more than $ 30, 000 a year on health care and other expenses, according to the study."
"The man has been arrested in connection with an alleged hit- and- run incident on the same day in the city."
"The only way to get rid of him is to get rid of him, and we will see how it goes."
"This is the first time I've ever been asked to do anything on the record, but I'll do it because I love it."
"\"We have to know what the safety net is for the kids, but also what the long- term consequences are,\" she said."
"At least one person was killed and three others were injured when a car bomb targeted a police station in the city of Aleppo, the Syrian army said on Monday."
"The president- elect has said he would like to see a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, but he is opposed by many in the Republican Party."
"A 17- year- old boy has been arrested after a man was shot dead in east London."
"I think the Americans were very happy with their performance and they're not going to be happy with the results of the next four games."
"It's a shame that I'm not being seen on the national stage, because I don't know what's going to happen."
"\"We didn't know it was happening until he started to ask questions,\" said one of the men, who asked not to be named."
"She has been in touch with the woman, who has been with her for a year, but has never been able to speak to her."
"\"It's one thing to be in a movie about a murder, it's another to be in a movie about a murder,\" he said."
"I think this is a real victory for the people of South Carolina and the people of the United States,\" Mr. Trump said in a tweet."
"He added: \"I am not the only person in the world who has done that, but I do it because I know the consequences will be great."
"I think it's a very good feeling, especially in a big game, because we had a couple of chances to get the points."
"\"I will tell you, I'm not going to be going anywhere else,\" he said when asked if he was going to be speaking to Donald Trump."
"The government's approval rate is less than a third of the rate of inflation, and that's the biggest difference between the two."
"The federal government is facing criticism for failing to get the right information from the Australian Institute of Health Research to back up its claims."
"\"I think it is a very good thing that the French, who have been here for some time, are here,\" he said."
"He has spent the past eight years fighting to keep the ban in place and, in some cases, even to try to keep it."
"But she has since said that she believes the decision to allow the sale of her home has had a positive impact on the community."
"But if the FA doesn't want it to happen, I don't know what the FA has done."
"The Democrats are trying to avoid any mention of Clinton's email practices, which would have been a serious offense if they had been."
"\"I think I'm just more comfortable with my body now, and it's more of a fitness thing,\" he said."
"She's an example of someone who just doesn't get it, and I don't think she's going to get it in this game."
"In other words, the number of people who are not going to be able to afford a mortgage will actually go down."
"I don't know what the French are going to say, but if we win a medal, that's what we're going to do."
"It was always going to be the case that I would be more vulnerable to criticism, but I don't think that's the case now."
"This has happened more than once, during the primary season, and not once in the campaign for president."
"The drop in oil prices has affected the global economy, and it is only going to further damage the global economy if the dollar continues to decline."
"There's been a lot of talk about what that was, but I think there's been a lot of progress."
"A lot of people are happy to see me on TV and they have a really great feeling about me, but it doesn't really matter."
"At the same time, a spokesman for the United Nations said the crisis in Syria was not in the country's interest."
"\"I think it's going to be pretty interesting to see what happens, if anything, in the coming months,\" he said."
"I am here to tell you that there is a difference between a man who is a man and a woman who is a woman."
"In his first official speech as head of the Republican National Committee, Trump said he has \"no problem \"with women \"and that he doesn't want to see any restrictions on women's rights."
"I'm a bit surprised that he's not playing, he's not playing for us, but I think he'll be a big part of our team."
"The Ministry of Defence says it is not a terrorist group and the UK has no diplomatic or military links with the group."
"The National Council for Civil Liberties has called on police to provide the information that will lead to an arrest."
"When you make a decision to make a change, you are doing so as a matter of principle and not as a result of a political decision."
"It's a very large group, so we need to make sure we don't get caught up in it."
"The discovery of the virus in China has led to speculation that the virus may be spreading to other countries."
"It is a wonderful opportunity for young people to discover themselves in a new way and start a new life."
"The school's official Twitter account said the driver was \"not a student,\" but a staff member was fired."
"There were at least six cases where women were given three times as much as men, and a third of the cases were due to the same person."
"The club said it would look at the impact of the decision on the club's finances but the move was not on the table."
"\"In fact, it was the first time we had ever really seen each other,\" he said, before adding that he had been engaged for the past two years."
"The chance of a Trump presidency in the White House was at an all- time low last month, with analysts arguing that his chances of a Democrat winning the White House were too low."
"You're probably not going to see them on the screen, but they can be found in the store and the person will take you to them."
"We are not going to get a letter from the president telling us we have to give up our military and jobs."
"The government of Syrian President Bashar al- Assad, backed by Russia and the US, has said it wants to make the agreement permanent."
"\"I think it's important for us to stay in the conversation and let people know that we're committed to helping,\" she said."
"I think the two people that got into the car and the other two people that got out of the car were both safe and well."
"The central bank is set to hold its next meeting on Monday, but it will not be a formal announcement until next week."
"It's a great opportunity for us to get back to our roots and to get to a level where we're competing against a really good team and that's the best place to do it."
"He added: \"We're not in a position where we have to be afraid of our players, especially if they're not ready to play."
"\"We've got a tough week ahead of us and we've got to win this game,\" he said."
"The average day is 4. 5 hours long, and if you stay up at night, you'll be able to sleep for as long as you like."
"The university said the university is \"extremely sorry \"about the incident and has advised students to get in touch with their university's media office."
"\"I've done it before, and I'm not going to do it again,\" he said."
"He's a guy who just wants to win and I think he'll be a big part of our team in the coming years."
"In a further move to change the subject, the Liberal Democrats have raised the possibility of a Commons vote on a parliamentary vote on the issue."
"In fact, in 2015, the number of people living in rural areas fell by 17 percent, the report found."
"\"I'm very happy to have been able to do that for the first time,\" she said."
"The issue is that many of the allegations against her are not true, as she has claimed repeatedly in the past."
"That's the last thing I want to do before I leave the house, because I feel like I'm going to leave the house and go to college."
"The men were arrested, but they were released after the FBI released them from custody on Friday and have not been charged."
"They were my only real friends- I would see them every day, even when I was away, and they would always be there for me."
"\"We were in the gym a couple days ago, and we were talking about what the Olympics are going to be like, so we weren't sure,\" he said."
"I think it's great to have a say, and I think a lot of people who aren't from here are going to be."
"\"I think it's probably the most important thing for the UK to do, and I think it is a shame,\" she said."
"The city is now set to have a special meeting on Wednesday to discuss the state of its relationship with Russia."
"The Clinton campaign is also raising the question of whether it will spend $ 1 million of its own money on ads in Florida."
"\"You just have to take it as it comes and you'll get the message right away,\" he said."
