"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, but I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"But it is still a very small amount and it is not clear how many of them will be able to be used in the future."
"But it is important to understand that, in the short term, we are not going to have a stable economy."
"The report says the government has been unable to address the problem of corruption in the health service because of the lack of reforms."
"\"I think it's a great opportunity to get to know the people who work in the industry,\" he said."
"The latest poll shows Mrs May's lead in the UK is down to 46 per cent, down from 49 per cent a year ago and down from 50 per cent in September."
"The company has a $ 1. 5 billion cash flow problem and is looking to raise $ 1. 5 billion in cash for 2016."
"It's the biggest thing that has happened in my life, and I'm just so grateful for it."
"He was also fined $ 500 and ordered to pay $ 200 in fines and $ 10, 000 in court costs."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the culture, and I'm really excited about that."
"The situation is not going to be easy, but I think we can do this, and I think we can do this in the next few weeks."
"\"I think it's a very good thing to be able to do it, because it's the first time I've done it,\" he said."
"I'm not sure why he would do it, but it's just a shame he didn't do it."
"\"I don't know what it's going to be like, but it's going to be really good,\" he said."
"But if you are going to have a good day, you have to be prepared for it and you have to be prepared for it and you have to know that you have to get the job done."
"The report said the number of people who had died from heart disease in England and Wales from 2008 to 2014 was higher than the national average."
"The event was the first in a series that began in the United States in the 1980s, and was held in New York City."
"\"We have to be very careful, we have to be very careful, because if we do something, it's going to be a disaster for the community,\" she said."
"I have no idea what he's going to do, but I am going to do everything I can to help him."
"The last time I saw him was when he was a little kid and he was a big guy, and I thought it was going to be a good one."
"\"The idea that you can just get away with it and then get caught up in the process of getting caught up in the process of getting caught up in the process of getting caught up in the process of getting caught up in the process of"
"The next step is to find out what is going on in the state and then we'll make a decision."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Saturday and charged with assault with a deadly weapon."
"The two- year- old was taken to hospital in a stable condition with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The group's first full year of operations in the U. S. came in August and is expected to be up to $ 3 billion in revenue in 2016."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 13. 24 on Wednesday, the biggest gain in a year."
"I've been a big fan of the game for a long time, and I'm sure I'll be a big fan of the game for a long time too."
"In the last couple of years, the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has fallen by half, from a peak of about 1. 5 million people in 2000."
"\"I don't know if it's a bad thing or not, but it's a great thing to have,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be working with the government to get the best deal possible,\" he said."
"\"The vast majority of people don't know what's going on in the world, and we're trying to help them,\" she said."
"I don't think he's a great coach, but he's a great person and I think he's got a good relationship with the players."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a high- profile organization and I think that's what's going to help us,\" he said."
"The new rules, which were announced in a letter to the leaders of the major junior doctors unions, are expected to be implemented by the end of this year."
"The researchers found that the number of people who were able to get a credit card from a bank was increasing, with an increase of 12. 5% in credit cards being issued in the last year."
"The EU is the only country in the world that does not recognise same- sex relationships, but that's a topic for another day."
"We don't know if he will be back in the final but I am confident he will be."
"The case is being investigated by the Metropolitan Police Department and the victim's mother is appealing for information."
"We're not going to have a president who's going to say, \"We're going to do this for you, you're going to do this for us."
"The government has said it will not raise taxes on the rich, but the rich are not the only ones who are being hit."
"I think it's going to be a very tough game and we have to be ready to go."
"\"I was in a very good mood, I was enjoying myself and I just wanted to get out there and play,\" he said."
"The move was a response to a complaint from the head of the country's largest bank, which said the move was \"not appropriate \"and would be reviewed."
"The group's board members said they were \"very pleased \"with the decision and said they were \"very grateful \"to the city for allowing them to move forward."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the most important thing is to be in the right place at the right time,\" he said."
"The latest poll, conducted after the U. S. election, showed Clinton with a lead of 4 percentage points over Trump."
"It's a really good thing that we've got a good squad here, and we're not going to be a team that's going to be in the Champions League."
"The 28- year- old was arrested in Germany on suspicion of murder after he allegedly stabbed a man in a Berlin street."
"It was a big game and we were trying to win it and I think we're a team that's going to be able to win it."
"\"I think it's a very important piece of the story, and I think it's a very important part of the story,\" he said."
"The most important thing is to have a plan in place, and if you don't have a plan, you're not going to be able to do anything."
"The idea is that you're going to be able to see the sun in the sky and see the stars in the sky, and that will be useful."
"But it's also a chance to see what the world can do with a new generation of technology, and to see what the future holds."
"I'm not saying I wouldn't like to see the game be played in the same way as the Olympics."
"The problem is that the new rules are not very effective, and the government is not able to get it right."
"\"I'm not sure what he's going to do next, but I'm sure he'll do it,\" she said."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that he didn't have a good night,\" said one source."
"We've got to make sure we're able to win games, and I think we're going to do that."
"The case is being heard in the High Court in Edinburgh, and the case is likely to be heard before the Supreme Court in Edinburgh."
"It's a bit of a shame because I'd like to play for the team and get a bit of respect for the manager, but I'm happy with the squad."
"The U. S. has been a major supporter of the Saudi- led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group since it began in 2014."
"The U. S. has been accused of war crimes in Libya and other countries in the Middle East and Asia."
"The result is that it is difficult to understand why the two- thirds majority of people who voted for Brexit are still voting for the same party."
"The man was taken to a hospital for treatment and is expected to survive, police said."
"He has been a good friend of mine, and I know he's a great guy, and he's a great father."
"\"I'm not saying I don't want to do it, but I'm not going to do it,\" he said."
"The new law, which is expected to be implemented in the first half of 2017, will be a major boost to the health of the NHS."
"\"I'm going to be here for two weeks, and I'm going to be able to speak to my players and their families,\" he said."
"\"I am very pleased with the performance of the team and I'm looking forward to the next step in my career,\" he said."
"The next step is to find out what the next step is, and that is the most important step, because we have to go to the next level."
"The first lady, who is from a very conservative family, is also a supporter of Donald Trump, and she's even made a campaign stop in New York."
"I think we're all going to be a little bit surprised by it, but we're going to be a little bit more surprised."
"\"If you're not in a relationship, you're not going to be able to say anything,\" she said."
"The Supreme Court has not yet decided whether the government has the right to appeal the decision, which is expected to take two weeks."
"The group said it was the first time a group of teenagers had been killed in the same period of time."
"\"I've got to get out there and win every time I get a chance to,\" he said."
"I think that's the reason we're here, because we're here to win, and we're here to win because we're going to win."
"It's a shame that we don't have a good track record with this sort of stuff, because I think it's a really good thing."
"The study's authors said that it was important to focus on the broader issue of sexual abuse, which they said could be addressed by changing the laws."
"It's a bit like the last time we played the same team, we were playing against a different team and they were playing against a different team."
"He said: \"The police have been on the scene and we are appealing for anyone who has information to come forward."
"The main thing I want to do is to get my body back to where it should be and I'm going to be ready for the next game."
"We have to make sure that the best way to get the best players in the best conditions is to play at a high level."
"I know that if I have to do it again, I will do it again, but I'm not going to do it again."
"If you don't have a car, you can just park it in the car park, and it will be there for you."
"I think the most important thing is to keep the ball in the ground, and I think the ball is still in the ground."
"The move is a sign of how the US and its allies, including Saudi Arabia, are trying to maintain a \"safe haven \"for Iran."
"The team's best effort came in the final minutes, when they were held to just one shot on target."
"I think it's a really good opportunity to go and play and to show what you can do in the game."
"The company said it has a \"very strong track record \"of working with governments and industry to address climate change."
"The president has not yet said whether he will sign the bill into law, but he has said he will \"fully support \"the legislation."
"\"I don't think he's going to be able to do the things he's been able to do in the past,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful that we don't give away the truth,\" he said, adding that he had not spoken with the woman."
"\"I don't think we have a good chance of winning the nomination,\" he said in an interview with CNN."
"The men were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, a second- degree murder, and a fourth- degree murder."
"\"If you're going to go out there and play for the national team, you have to go out there and play for your country,\" he said."
"The news came as the two sides met in Brussels for a joint session of the European Parliament's annual conference on migration."
"The figures show the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV in England and Wales is growing at a faster rate than the overall population."
"The board of directors is set to meet again in the next few weeks to discuss the latest developments in the company's business."
"The researchers also found that the researchers were able to identify the best way to achieve this by using a computer program."
"The group is also urging the government to set up a commission to look at the issue and set up a fund to help people find a new job."
"\"It is not just the fact that we have a good record, it is the fact that we have a good team and we have a good manager,\" he said."
"\"It's a shame we didn't do more, because we know we can get better,\" he said."
"\"We are going to have a very good team and a very good manager,\" he said."
"\"I think we're in a position to make a decision about what we're going to do,\" he said."
"\"I was really lucky to be in the first team, and I got to play a lot of games,\" he said."
"It is not clear how many of the refugees are from Syria, where more than 6 million people have fled conflict and violence in the country."
"The Scottish Government's response to the referendum was to make a case for independence, but the issue of the UK's role in the world has not been discussed."
"\"I've got to be able to go out there and be a part of the team and be ready for that,\" he said."
"But he has been a strong advocate for the rights of the disabled, including the right to wear a head covering."
"\"I don't want to be the guy that says it's OK to be gay,\" he said."
"\"It is a very good thing that we have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said, adding that he had not been in contact with the Russian ambassador in Ankara."
"The boy's father said: \"It's a great shame that he's gone, but I'm not going to be able to do anything about it."
"He said: \"It is not clear to me what the impact will be on the economy or how much it will cost."
"The number of people who have died in the last two years has been higher than the previous year, the charity said."
"I would like to think that the people who have been affected by the current government's policies will be able to get help and support."
"\"I'm not a big fan of the idea of putting a lot of people in the middle,\" he said."
"I was really lucky to be able to play in the last two years, I was playing in the last two years in the Premier League and I am really happy to be here."
"I've been working with him since I was a kid, and I think he's a very good player."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that he's not a good player, he's a good player, but he's a good player,\" he said."
"But there is a lot of pressure on the business to be able to deliver a product that's going to be successful for a long time."
"The U. S. has said it has a \"zero- hours \"policy, but the U. S. State Department has not said whether it has a policy on terrorism."
"The data also showed that women who had a \"normal \"sex life were twice as likely to be diagnosed with breast cancer as women who had a \"normal \"sex life."
"\"I have a lot of respect for the people of Scotland, and I would like to see a fair deal of cross- party agreement,\" he said."
"The new rule will be introduced in the autumn, and the full impact of the changes will be announced in the coming weeks."
"\"I have to say, I've never seen anything like it,\" he said, adding that he's \"never seen anything like it \"in his life."
"\"We don't have a lot of time to think about it, we've got to go out and play the game,\" he said."
"It's a shame, because I was a big fan of his and I'm sure he's happy to see me back."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 6 billion in funding from investors, but was not able to secure the necessary funding to continue operations."
"The world's biggest online retailer is also struggling to cope with the number of people using its apps and services."
"The woman, who has not been named, said: \"It's a very emotional time for me, especially after the accident."
"\"I think the way he's playing is really good and I think he's going to be a very good player,\" he said."
"The company said it had no plans to move production to other locations, and would instead focus on the U. S. market."
"The government has also said it is looking at ways to combat the rise in violence in the city, which has seen more than one million people die since the country's civil war began in 2011."
"\"The fact that we have a clear candidate and we have a clear candidate in the race is good,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I don't want to lie to you,\" he said."
"The reason for this is that the NHS is in crisis and the NHS needs to be better prepared for the future."
"The two sides are also expected to discuss the possibility of a deal to free up the remaining EU migrants."
"The new rules were introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks in November which claimed 130 lives and left 130 more injured."
"The new rules will apply to all members of the public, including those who are not members of the military, and those who are not military members."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, and what we say in the past, and what we say in the future,\" he said."
"The only thing I can say is that I have no intention of going to Syria, and that I will be returning to the UK if I get the opportunity."
"\"It's a really important time for me to be here and I'm really looking forward to it,\" he said."
"The only thing that's going to stop him from getting the job is that he's going to be a good quarterback."
"The Scottish government has said it will not be making any changes to the law in the event of a Scottish referendum, which would be held in March."
"But it's not just about the numbers ; it's about the quality of the team and the quality of the players."
"The incident is believed to have been an attempt to cover up the fact that he was not a member of the right- wing National Front."
"\"It's a new thing, and I think it's a good thing for the city,\" he said."
"The company has said it will be able to pay for the cost of the new building, which will be completed by 2020, by selling its shares."
"He's a very good coach, and I think we'll see him continue to do that."
"\"I don't know what the plan is, but I'm not going to sit here and say I'm going to do anything,\" he said."
"The U. S. military says it has not yet received a call from a suspect in the shooting that left two people dead and more than 200 injured."
"I have to do it in a way that is right for me and for the team and I want to do it in a way that is right for the fans."
"The U. S. has been sending ships and aircraft to the region since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said in a statement that the case is a \"significant and ongoing \"cause of concern."
"The government said it would seek to get the EU's help in its negotiations with Turkey over the issue."
"I think we need to be more patient with the kids and they need the support and they need the support of the teachers and they need the support of the staff and we have to be more patient with them."
"The president- elect has been on a tear in his campaign, and he has been making the case that he is the best candidate to lead the country."
"The man, who cannot be named, is believed to have been trying to sell the property to a friend, a court heard."
"It's a great opportunity for the fans to come out and see what we have here and see what we can do better."
"\"I'm just trying to get the best out of myself and hopefully I can do well enough to get a chance to play in a big game,\" he said."
"The UK has the right to have a say in the future of the EU, and we will continue to be a partner in the process."
"\"I'm not going to lie, it's a lot easier to go to a store and get a pair of shoes than to go to a store and buy a pair of shoes,\" he said."
"The Republican presidential nominee is scheduled to appear at a rally in South Carolina on Saturday, where he will be joined by former President Bill Clinton."
"\"I'm not going to sit there and say, \"OK, I'm going to make a movie,\" \"he said."
"The first time I heard about it was a few years ago, when I was a senior in my own class."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a little bit of a conversation about it, because that's what you want to do."
"If we don't win the next two games, we will have a very good chance of winning the league."
"The government has said it wants to reduce the number of people in the labour force, but this will not change the fact that there are fewer jobs."
"The survey of 1, 000 people found that one in four people in the UK were living with a mental illness."
"But I think it's important to remember that it's not just the people who are being affected."
"The government said it would introduce a new system of payments that would cover the cost of the new system, and would not be affected by changes to the EU single market."
"It's not like they're all just going to come out and play their best football, they're going to come out and play their best football."
"\"I have a lot of friends who have been in the business for a long time and I don't want to get into that,\" he told the BBC."
"I think it's a lot more important to be able to say, \"I'm not here to be a model."
"I don't know how they got the idea that it was going to be a two- hour show."
"The company is also planning to build a new car park on the site, which would be the first such building in the UK."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to support Hillary Clinton, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"We've been talking about it for a long time, and it's a topic that we've been talking about for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to take a position on whether or not we're going to have a candidate running,\" he said."
"I've always been very positive about the fact that I can play for a club, but it's a club I've never been involved in."
"We're going to be a very tough team and we're going to be a very good team, and we're going to be a great team, and we're going to win the Super Bowl."
"\"We will have to wait and see what the outcome is,\" he said, adding that the government would be \"very disappointed \"if the referendum was held this year."
"But the two- year- old was born with a brain that is more like a human being than a dog."
"\"We are going to take a look at the data and we're going to see what we can do to improve our performance,\" he said."
"The deal, which will be announced on Thursday, is expected to be the first major U. S. military operation in Afghanistan since the U. S.- led military coalition began operations in 2014."
"We've got a great squad and a great manager, but we've got to do the best we can in the next few weeks."
"The numbers are also higher than the total number of people who have been killed by suicide in the past year, the report said."
"\"I think the way we are playing is really good, we're winning games, we're winning games, we're winning games,\" he said."
"\"We will work together to make sure the best possible environment for our children is maintained,\" he said."
"I think the other thing that we have to remember is that we're going to be in a better place when we get into it."
"It's not like the other teams are going to come in and say, \"We're going to play you."
"The group has been operating in the area since last year, but has not yet been able to confirm any new locations."
"It's not just that we're not being treated fairly, but we're being treated with less respect."
"\"I'm a big fan of the way he's played and he's played well this year,\" said Jackson."
"I'm going to get a little bit more involved in the game and hopefully I can get more out of it."
"\"I don't think the guys are going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The team is now in the final stages of its research and development programme, which will see the researchers put their work to the test in the hope of making a final decision."
"The first thing I want to say to him is: I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about."
"\"I think he's got a lot of talent and I think he's got a lot of experience, so I think he'll be a very good player for us,\" he said."
"The biggest thing I'm most proud of is the people who made it happen and I'm very proud of the fact that we have a group of people who have made it happen."
"\"It's a shame that the Australian team have lost their way, it's a shame that we lost a bit of form in the first half,\" he said."
"The UK has been on a collision course with the EU over the issue of its membership of the bloc."
"The incident happened on the same day as the anniversary of the first major terrorist attack on the US diplomatic mission in Brussels, which left 130 dead."
"The researchers also found that the number of people who took part in the study increased from 2. 6 million to 4. 9 million over the course of the study."
"The fact that I was able to do that in a short period of time, it's really exciting."
"The government's plan, if approved, would see the use of private- sector workers replaced with government- run ones."
"The cost of the project has been estimated at $ 1. 7 billion, but the city has not yet decided how much it will cost."
"We've got a lot of young guys who are going to be able to play in the next couple of days."
"Theresa May has insisted that she would be prepared to stand down if she was elected leader of the Conservative Party."
"But the problem is, the more I've been to the gym, the more I've seen the signs that I don't want to be there."
"The Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, has said she would not accept a federal loan from the federal government if she were president."
"It's a lot of work to get that right, but I think we're all just getting used to it."
"The group has been hit with a series of high- profile cases, including the death of a 16- year- old girl who was stabbed to death in a police station."
"In the last few years, the number of people who have had an abortion has increased from about 1. 1 million to about 3. 1 million."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I've never been a fan of Donald Trump,\" Trump said."
"The question of whether the government will be able to show it is willing to take on a larger role in the economy remains a big one."
"\"We have to be ready to play at a high level, but we have to be ready to play at a high level,\" he said."
"In the past year, the number of Americans who have not paid federal income taxes has increased by more than half."
"The new rules, announced by the EU in July, will allow companies to offer free or low- cost access to the internet in the UK."
"I am not a fan of the idea that the government should be able to make decisions about the way we live."
"The UK government has been criticised for failing to give the green light to the new deal, despite the fact that the deal is expected to save the country \u00a3 5. 2 billion over five years."
"But I'm not going to sit here and say that we're going to have to do a lot of things to win games."
"The government has been trying to find a way of making it more difficult for the disabled to access services, but it has been unable to find a solution."
"I think we've been really good at this, and we're going to be good at it again."
"The team also won the league title in 2012, 2014 and 2015, but lost it in the playoffs in 2016."
"\"We have a lot of people that are working hard and I think that's going to make a difference in the future,\" he said."
"He said the decision to fire him was taken by the board of directors, and he will be replaced by a new manager."
"He is the best player on the pitch and I think he is going to be a great addition to the team."
"But the company's stock is down more than 10 per cent in the past year, and it's not clear how much it will recover from the losses."
"We are not going to be able to do that, and I don't think it's going to happen."
"\"I've always been a big fan of the big boys, but I've never seen them as big as they are,\" he said."
"The cost of the operation was estimated at $ 1. 2 billion, but it's estimated to cost $ 2. 5 billion more than the original estimate."
"Theresa May has said she will \"fully support \"Brexit campaigners who want to leave the EU, but she has not ruled out the possibility of a second referendum."
"I was a little bit disappointed, but I've been trying to work with the players and I'm pleased with the result."
"He said: \"We've been talking to the players about it and it's not going to be a long- term solution."
"The government said the move was necessary to ensure the safety of the public and to prevent further incidents."
"I don't know if I'll be able to play in the next couple of weeks but I'm excited about the opportunity and I'm excited to be playing."
"\"I was in the middle of a party, so I'm not going to comment on that,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading after the news of the resignation."
"\"I've never had a problem with a man,\" he said, adding that he had not seen any signs of violence in the area."
"I think it's a shame that the world is so far away, because it's so important to make sure that people can have the opportunity to have a healthy lifestyle."
"The woman, who is not named, was arrested at the scene and is being treated in hospital for her injuries."
"We've been at this for a while and we've got a lot of good players and a lot of good games to play for us."
"\"It's a very tough thing to do, but I just have to keep working hard,\" he said."
"I'm sure it's going to be a big thing in the next few days as well, but we've got to keep our heads down."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets since at least 2014, according to U. S. officials."
"I'm not going to be able to play in the next few weeks because I don't have the opportunity to play for the team."
"\"We've got to take it seriously, we've got to be serious about it,\" he said."
"The Times says the deal would save the company $ 1. 3 billion a year, but it would be a significant loss for shareholders, since the company's shares were down nearly 5 percent."
"The main problem is that the government's own statistics don't tell us how many people are dying every day."
"I was not expecting to win this game and I'm disappointed in myself, but I think we played really well and I think we can go into next week with a lot of confidence."
"I'm not going to say that the government is going to make a big deal out of this, but I'm not going to say we're going to get a lot of votes."
"In the last two years, the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has risen by more than 50 percent."
"He has a lot of experience, but he's not going to be able to get into the top 10."
"The man, who is thought to be aged in his 20s, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in the Kent County Sheriff's Office."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a special relationship with the other person,\" he said."
"\"We don't know what the impact will be on the economy, but I think it's going to be positive,\" she said."
"The other thing is that the main thing that they want to do is make sure that they don't lose this game."
"I have a strong belief that the Scottish people have a right to be proud of their country and I want to see Scotland's future in the UK."
"\"We have to be very careful, because we don't want to lose our friends,\" she said."
"It's a very different game, and I don't think that's the way to go."
"\"I'm going to go to the doctor and see if I can get a proper diagnosis, but I'm not going to be doing that,\" he said."
"I was just waiting for the bus to come and then I was told by the driver that I was going to be taken to hospital."
"I think it's going to be a tough game but we've got to keep going and keep working hard."
"The same is true of the British pound, which has lost nearly a quarter of its value since the financial crisis."
"The man's name is not being released, but police said he was a 19- year- old man."
"I'm going to make it very clear that I'm not going to be doing anything that would be considered a political statement."
"\"We are not going to be the only ones to get hurt in the event of a terrorist attack,\" he said."
"We've got the ball and the ball is going to be there, but we've got to keep the ball and keep the pressure on."
"\"I think it's the first time we've had a problem like this, and we've had a lot of guys that have done it,\" he said."
"The survey found that a majority of voters (58 percent) said they would vote for Clinton, while only 28 percent said they would vote for Trump."
"The government has also pledged to take in more refugees from Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq and elsewhere, and to build a new refugee camp in Calais."
"\"We have a lot of young players and we have to be patient, we have to be patient and we have to be ready for the challenge,\" he said."
"He's a very good player, and I'm not sure he can do it at this level."
"\"I think it's the right thing to do and I think the government should have to do it,\" he said."
"\"I was a little bit nervous but I just wanted to go out there and make a difference and make a difference in the game,\" he said."
"I've got a lot of experience with the game, so I'm not surprised when I see a guy who's got a lot of experience."
"\"It's a big thing, but it's not something that I'm going to be going through,\" he said."
"It's a good thing when you have a chance to get a good result, especially when you're playing a team that's not really a good team."
"\"I'm not sure that's a good idea, but I'd like to think that's what the world needs,\" he said."
"The couple's second wedding anniversary was celebrated in December last year, when they gave birth to their first child, a daughter, in April."
"We're going to work with the federal government to get this done and make sure that we're not just waiting for the next president to come along."
"The best way to do this is to use a tool that is easy to use and easy to use for the person you are talking to."
"\"It's a really important thing to understand that the United States is not the only country that has been affected by this,\" he said."
"The UK's biggest bank said it was \"very pleased \"by the announcement and said it had been working with the authorities to ensure the bank's UK operations remained safe."
"The government has said it wants to work with private companies to create a system that will allow them to sell the goods they produce."
"The federal government has pledged to spend $ 1. 5 billion over the next five years to build a new nuclear power station in the country."
"\"I was just trying to keep it in a safe place, but I didn't want to be the one to hurt somebody,\" she said."
"I've been a part of the team since I was a kid, so I'm really excited to get back on the field and hopefully be a part of the team for the next four years."
"The group has been urging the government to act to end the practice, which has been banned in some parts of the country for more than a century."
"The key is to find the right balance between the two and get the best deal for the best price."
"He has not played a regular- season game since Dec."
"It is the first time the SNP has won a majority in Scotland since independence in the 1980s."
"The question now is whether this will be the end of the world, or whether it will be a new beginning."
"The firm's shares fell to $ 1. 24 in early trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would pay $ 2. 2 billion in fines for violations of its rules."
"The former secretary of state is also the first female president of the United States and the first female vice- president of the United States."
"The United States and Russia have been working together on a joint effort to defeat the Islamic State group, the Russian Defense Ministry said on Monday."
"It is a good feeling to be able to play against the best, and that is what I am doing."
"\"We've got to get him to be the guy that we want to be, and I think that's the biggest thing we've got to do,\" he said."
"\"We've been working hard on this and we're going to get there,\" he said, adding that the group is now working on a new website."
"The new law will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2017, when the government is due to hold its annual general meeting."
"The city's mayor said he will look into the matter, but that he would not be releasing the names of the officers involved."
"It's a tough one, but we've got to get out there and play the way we've played the last couple of games."
"\"We are not going to be able to have the same level of service and we are going to have to have a different approach,\" he said."
"The law allows for the use of a person's name for the purpose of advertising, but only if the person is not a registered user of the website."
"It's a great opportunity for us to play a team that's in a good place, that's a good team, and we're going to try to win games."
"It was a big win for us, we had to come out and play good, and we did that."
"I can't imagine how anyone could have ever been able to do it, and it's a shame I didn't do it."
"I'm not sure that's the best way to go about it, but it's a good way to go."
"The man, who is believed to be a former teacher, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was released on bail."
"I'm not sure what that means, but I think it's a good sign."
"The company said it is working on a new system to help customers find the best deals on their phones."
"The Home Office said the figure was \"probably \"a lot higher, but that it was still \"a significant \"number."
"I don't know if you've seen him, but he's a real nice guy."
"I'm not sure that's the case in this case, but I think it's a case of, you know, we're going to see what happens."
"\"The police officers who were there and the officers who were in front of me, they are not the same people,\" he said."
"But I don't think it's a good idea to give up a lot of money just to get the right result."
"The new rules are part of a wider crackdown on the practice, which has been widely condemned by human rights groups."
"I don't know how many people have died in the last three years, but I do know there are people who have died, and I'm not going to tell them how many."
"The former New York mayor has been under fire for his handling of the crisis, with some suggesting he should have been fired."
"It's not as if I don't feel a bit of pride in my team, it's just that I'm not good enough."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than 50 percent since 2014, according to UN figures."
"The new rules, which will be introduced on Wednesday, will apply to the entire country, not just the UK."
"The poll found that 42 percent of Republicans said they would be more likely to vote for Trump if he were elected president."
"The company is also investing in the development of a new, smaller aircraft- but it's not a new aircraft."
"In fact, the best evidence for the idea is that the gender pay gap is actually quite small."
"The researchers said the study is the first to look at the effect of a drug on the brain in a single patient."
"\"I don't know what to do with it, because I don't know what to do with the people who are going to be there,\" he said."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the people that are involved in it, and the people that are going to be involved in it."
"The issue was raised by a group of MPs who called for a vote on the issue last year, but were told by the government that they could not."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court he was at the store when the fire broke out."
"We've got to do it with a different approach and we need to be ready to play and to be in the game and we need to play well."
"\"We have a lot of young players who are not quite ready to be in the first team and it's a good thing,\" he said."
"In a statement, the department said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the inquiry was not completed before Christmas."
"I was always a bit of a bit of a girl, but I was a bit of a girl when I was growing up and I don't think I was."
"I'm not sure how I feel about that, but I think I'm happy with the results."
"\"We are not going to be able to control the price of oil, so it is important for us to make sure we have a good supply,\" he said."
"The UK is one of the few countries where the EU is not a member of the single market, but it is still a member of the EU."
"We will continue to work closely with the authorities to ensure that the investigation is fully carried out and we are confident that we will find the person responsible."
"The incident took place on August 24, 2016, in a residential area of the city, and the victim was treated for minor injuries."
"The more you play, the more you realize that you can't just sit back and let this happen."
"\"We need to be more specific and more specific about what we want to do to help the communities that are most affected,\" she said."
"It's a long time coming but I'm happy to be here and I'm really excited to be here."
"\"If I have to go to work tomorrow, I will be a little bit more careful,\" he said."
"The team has been in a state of panic for a few weeks and we've been working hard to get our players back."
"He's been on the pitch for us all year and we're happy to see him back in the squad."
"He said he did not know if he would be able to attend the hearing but would be \"very excited \"by the prospect of a hearing."
"The group has said it has a \"long- term plan \"to address the issue, but it's not clear how it will be implemented."
"I think it's a great opportunity for us, especially the guys who are here today."
"The most important thing for us is that we have a good team and we are very good at the moment."
"\"The only way to prevent this from happening is to have a referendum,\" he said, adding that the government should also consider the possibility of a referendum on the constitution."
"\"I don't think it's fair to say that the president- elect, who is the most qualified person for this job, didn't have a fair hearing,\" he said."
"\"We have to do it in the right way,\" she says, \"and the right way is to make sure that we have the right people in the right places."
"\"I'm sure the people in the audience will be very surprised, but I'm sure the people in the audience will be very happy,\" he said."
"\"We are still in the process of getting a final decision on whether we will be able to do that in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"\"It's not a matter of when, it's not a matter of who, but it's something that needs to be addressed,\" he said."
"It's not about the money, it's about the people, and I'm proud to be a part of that."
"We've got to get back to the level of what we did in the first half and that's not going to happen in the second half."
"The president- elect's approval rating has dropped from a peak of 25% in early August to 22% now, according to the latest NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll."
"\"It's a shame that the people who helped us get here have to be forgotten,\" he said."
"But I'm not sure what's going to happen in the next couple of weeks or months or years."
"\"It was a very big deal, but I think it was the right thing to do,\" he said."
"It's a great way to spend a day, especially if you're in a rush and don't have time to spend with your family."
"It's been a long time coming, and I'm just so grateful to be here."
"\"We are in a really bad situation in terms of the growth of the industry and I think that's a big issue,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell by more than a third in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates."
"\"We are going to have a very strong team, but we will have to play a lot more,\" he said."
"\"I don't think the government should be doing anything like this,\" he said, adding that he would not be supporting Trump."
"I have been very lucky in the past few years, but I have to be honest, I have not been able to get to where I want to be."
"\"It is a little bit different to what you would expect from an American company,\" he said in an interview."
"The Australian dollar is still trading below its pre- crisis peak of $ 1. 85, but the currency's rally has been driven by strong consumer spending."
"The first lady, Michelle Obama, has said she would like to see a woman president, but she's not ready to give it up."
"He said: \"I've been in the business for 30 years, so I've never seen anything like this."
"But he also said the UK's membership of the EU would be a \"huge boost \"to the economy and the economy of the world."
"It is a big step up from last year, when the club was in a race to get the best out of their players."
"I'm not going to say we're not going to do this, but I think the more people who are going to see it, the more likely it is that we will be able to do it."
"If you're not able to get your hands on the bag, you can still get it at your local store."
"But the current government has said it will not take any action until the next election, which could take place in 2018."
"The man was rushed to a nearby hospital and was later released from the hospital, where he remains in critical condition."
"\"I think the only way I could see the world was through the eyes of a child,\" he said."
"The latest data show that the number of people who have lost their jobs in the past year is down from the previous year."
"\"We are going to be a very good team, we are going to be very competitive,\" he said."
"The reason is simple: we're not the only ones who are making this happen, and it's not just us."
"I think it's important for us to make sure we're not only keeping our players in the game but also our players in the game."
"We have to be careful that we don't put people at risk, but we also have to be careful that we don't make them feel that they are safe."
"The new rules come into effect on 1 January, with the new regulations affecting the first half of 2017."
"The first thing that comes to mind when you're talking about a new product is the price."
"But we have to be careful, because we have to make sure that we're not going to take anything for granted."
"It's a great place to be, and I've been there for a long time, so I'm really pleased."
"\"We are not going to allow them to do that to another woman,\" she said in a statement."
"The government's plan, which was announced in the budget last year, is to cut the number of doctors who work in the NHS by 1, 000."
"\"It's a huge opportunity for us to have a really good season and hopefully we can get some good results,\" he said."
"\"We are trying to get a better understanding of how the market works and what is going on,\" she said."
"I'd rather not be in that position and I don't think it's right for me to be in that position."
"It's a good sign for the industry that the government is starting to look more seriously at the issue of the safety of children's drinks."
"The report says there is a \"significant risk \"of the NHS losing its ability to cope with the number of patients it has to treat."
"\"The only thing I can say is that I am delighted with the result,\" he said."
"\"The fact that I'm here today is a big help,\" he said, \"because I've been here for 15 years."
"It's a big one for us, and it's a big one for the game itself, because we're not going to be able to do that."
"The man was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries and was taken to a nearby hospital with serious injuries."
"\"If I don't get the nomination, I'm not going to be able to do anything for my children,\" she said."
"\"We have been in touch with the family and we are currently in contact with them,\" he said."
"The woman was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a serious but stable condition and was later released from the hospital."
"I am also delighted that I have won this award, given to the person who has made me a better person."
"\"The problem is that they're not going to have a good relationship with the Russians,\" he said."
"But I don't think we should be worried about that, because we know that we can't be."
"I think it's a lot more difficult to be a black person in America now than it was back then."
"But if you don't want to pay the $ 10, 000 per month, you can always take a lower- quality credit card."
"I have to say that I'm very disappointed because I thought I had a good season and I think I've got to do a better job next year."
"The French government has already launched a formal investigation into the attack, which was carried out by a group of young men."
"I think it's important that we understand that we are not going to be able to turn a blind eye to the fact that we are not going to be able to do it."
"We're not going to be able to get our hands on the ball and we're not going to be able to run the ball and we're not going to be able to run the ball on the ground."
"It's not just about a single person, it's about all of us, and it's about all of us, and it's about the people we're with."
"The new contract will see the club pay out a \u00a3 3. 5 million bonus to the player, which will be paid in full to the player's agent."
"I think that's why he's been able to get to this point, because he's not just a young player, he's a young player."
"The debate is a chance for the party to show that the real issues are not just about party, but about the people they represent."
"But there are many people who have been affected by the system and I think it's a very important thing to do."
"\"We are going to be working together to help them and get them back to where they were,\" he said."
"\"I think we're going to see a lot of people who are going to be the first to die,\" he said."
"I was really surprised by the amount of people who came out and said they were going to vote for me."
"\"I don't want to be a part of the problem, I want to be a part of the solution,\" he said."
"The new rules will apply to all employees of a company, regardless of their gender, regardless of whether they are a member of the military or not."
"We have to be able to move the ball and get the ball into the right areas, which I think we did in the first half."
"\"We are going to have a very strong candidate, and I am going to be very proud of that,\" Trump said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"\"We are not going to be able to do it because we have to make sure we are not doing it in the way that we want to,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's bad, but it's not going to be bad,\" he said."
"I'm a little bit disappointed because it's not like I've been playing well and I've got to go out and play better."
"The White House said Obama was \"committed \"to the fight against ISIS, adding that the U. S. would continue to work with partners in the region to counter the group."
"The news comes as the government is struggling with a budget deficit of more than \u00a3 1 billion- the largest ever."
"The government has pledged to make the \"best possible use \"of the new technology, which is expected to be rolled out by 2020."
"I think it's a good thing for the players and the fans to know that they are playing for the best team in the world and that they are playing for a good team."
"We have been very clear that we want to have a good relationship with Russia, but we are not going to go there."
"It's a good thing that we have a good team and a good manager and we have a good squad and I think we have a good chance to win."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2014."
"I'm not going to lie, I didn't know what I was doing, I just got out of the car and started walking."
"It is the first time in the history of the country that a sitting president has been elected in a presidential term."
"We've got to do everything we can to win games and we have to play good football and we have to play good football in the Premier League."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be here in two years but I'm definitely going to be here in three,\" he said."
"I think the main thing is that I'm a good person and I'm not afraid to say what I think, I'm a good person."
"\"The only thing I can say is that I am very happy for the players, the staff and the fans,\" he said."
"The new rules come into force on 1 April, but the first to be implemented in England will be in the autumn."
"\"The whole point of this is that we are all part of the same community, and we can come together to create a better world,\" he says."
"He's a great guy, he's a great guy and I'm just hoping that he's able to get back on the field and get his game back."
"I'm not sure why I'm having to write that, but I'm very proud of the work I've done."
"The men, who are all from the same town, are said to have been in the car with the victim and were arrested by police."
"The company said it was not aware of any allegations of sexual misconduct against the former football coach, who was fired from the club in 2014."
"The jury was told that the man had been in a relationship with a woman for the previous two years, but had not been married."
"I'm not sure why they didn't just take a look at it, but they did."
"\"It's a bit like having a baby, you get a bit of a taste of it, but it's not a big deal,\" he said."
"It's a very dangerous situation and I'm not surprised by it, but I don't think it's a bad idea."
"He said: \"We have been working with the Government to get the right deal and we are delighted to be part of it."
"But the fact that I have a job that I'm not doing and I can't do it, I don't want to be part of it."
"\"I don't know what it's going to be like to be in a world where we have the possibility of having a nuclear weapon,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to be the first woman to ever be elected president of the United States,\" Clinton said at a campaign stop in Miami."
"It is not known how many people were injured, but the cause of the crash is still under investigation."
"The United States, which is also on the list, has been under pressure from both sides to release information about the group."
"I have been in the business for 25 years and I have always had a great relationship with the people who run the club."
"The first was a lot of people saying it was going to be a disaster, but I think it was a disaster."
"The first thing I did was to talk to my dad, who was in the hospital and he was so upset."
"I think it's important for the whole country to know that it is not just about the people who are affected, it's also about the whole country."
"The US has been pushing for a ceasefire in Syria since the US- led intervention in March 2014."
"\"We are still in the process of getting a new contract, but I'm confident we will get it this year,\" he said."
"The U. S. Justice Department said in a statement that it had received information from the agency that the U. S. was investigating a case involving the airline."
"I don't know how long he'll be out, but I'm sure he'll be back."
"The only thing that has changed is that I've been able to get the ball out of his hands and get a little bit of space on the outside."
"\"I was very upset that I didn't get to see the video, and that I had to make a decision,\" she told the court."
"\"I am not a big fan of the idea of having a single parent, but that is what I am,\" she said."
"The couple were told they could have their children taken away from them, and that they would have to pay for their medical care."
"\"I'm not sure I want to be in the spotlight, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"I think it's really important for the players to be able to play in the game and to be able to show off their skills."
"\"We have to get the ball rolling and we have to be ready for that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a big step to be able to go back and play again,\" he said."
"He said: \"I was working with the police on the case and I was told there were no arrests, but I was told there were no arrests at the scene."
"\"I think the first thing that you want to do is to get your head around and get your head around the fact that this is a very serious situation,\" he said."
"In fact, the majority of the time, they will be in the middle of the road, not in the middle of the road."
"It's a very different situation than it was in the first game, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"I don't want to be the guy who says, \"You can't do this,\" or, \"You can't do this,\" or \"I can't do this,\" \"she said."
"The best way to get the most out of your holiday is to stay at a place where there are plenty of people."
"\"I think it's important for us to look at the issues that we're dealing with and how we can improve the economy,\" he said."
"I think that's what we're going to be seeing in the next few weeks and months and years."
"The move comes amid growing concern over the health risks of using a smartphone in the UK, where the average smartphone user is over a billion times more likely to be infected."
"The news comes as the state's Democratic Party has held a rally in support of the party's candidate, Hillary Clinton."
"The first time I saw him was when he was playing for the first time at the World Cup in 2006."
"\"We've got to do something about it, and we've got to do it with the right people,\" he said."
"\"I'm going to tell you right now, it's not going to be easy, but we are going to get there,\" he said."
"I'm a big fan of the idea that people can be so much more than they think they are and that we can change them."
"It is not a problem in which you have to get a lot of money, but in which you have to get a lot of people to work."
"\"I think the reason I don't want to be here is because I've never been in a situation where I've been able to do that,\" he said."
"\"It's a very good thing for the world to know that this is a serious issue,\" he said."
"But the president- elect, who has been critical of the media since the election, said he would not be drawn into the debate about the issue."
"\"We are not going to make a decision until we have a better understanding of what happened,\" he said."
"We have to take care of ourselves and we have to be prepared for the possibility of a bad result and we need to know that we are not going to be able to win games like we have been."
"The company said it had already received a \"full list of the people who are affected by this issue,\" and was working with other affected customers to resolve the issue."
"He was in a group of about 20 people, he was talking to them and they were all in a group of about 30 or 40."
"The plan is for the government to spend \u00a3 1. 2 billion on the project over the next five years."
"The findings are published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, a journal of the American Medical Association."
"The report also found that a quarter of the people interviewed said they had no idea what they were doing was illegal."
"The report says that although the government has not yet taken action on the issue, it is likely to take a more active role."
"\"It's a great opportunity to be in the spotlight, and I'm excited to be a part of it,\" he said."
"He said the government's response to the strike was to send a team to the area and that it would be ready to respond to any additional incidents."
"I'm not sure if it's because I'm not a fan of the game, or because I'm not a fan of the people that are playing it."
"But he has never been involved in a serious fight, and he has never been involved in a serious fight with a female fighter."
"\"We are not going to get a trade deal that is going to protect American jobs,\" he said."
"The UN Security Council has been unable to agree on the fate of the rebels in Aleppo, which has been divided between government and rebel groups for more than two years."
"\"I'm not going to say we're going to win it, but we're going to win it,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. government and other countries to help it secure its own nuclear energy facilities."
"But the company's shares are down about 20 percent in the past week, and its stock is down about 40 percent from a year ago."
"He was also in a car with his wife and two children, and had a friend who was also in a car."
"\"I think it's important to have a fair discussion about what is going on in the world and what is going to happen in the next few years,\" he said."
"\"I've got a lot of respect for the guy, but I'm not going to say I'll be the same person,\" Trump said."
"The United States has been at odds with Russia over Syria for years, and it has been accused of backing the Syrian government in its war against rebels."
"The group said it had been planning to hold a rally in the city for the past two days, but that it had not yet decided on a venue."
"He's not the only one who's been caught up in the latest drama of the year: the presidential race."
"The report also found that women who are diagnosed with breast cancer are more likely to be diagnosed as a result of the procedure."
"\"I've been on a lot of different teams, but I've never really had a problem with the ball,\" he said."
"I don't know if he's a man or a woman, but he's a man."
"I've got a lot of guys that are coming in and I'm not going to sit here and say we're going to let them play."
"The group said it was not yet clear how many people had been injured and would not say how many were still in the hospital."
"The idea is that if you don't have enough money, you can't afford to spend it on things you don't need."
"I've been playing a lot of golf since I was a kid and I've got a good shot at it."
"In the end, he did not want to take the job, but he was not alone."
"In the UK, the government has announced plans to invest \u00a3 10 billion a year to boost the number of female doctors by 25 per cent."
"The Chinese government has said it will not accept any part of the agreement, which is the largest ever imposed on the South China Sea."
"\"The people who are in the front row are the ones who are going to be able to see me,\" Trump said."
"\"We are not going to be able to have a debate about the future of our country,\" she said."
"\"I don't know how I'll feel if I see a girl who looks like me,\" he said."
"It's not the first time the BBC has been accused of sexual harassment, but it's the first time it has been accused of such a serious crime."
"It's not like I'm not going to be able to make a living, but I'm not going to be able to pay for the things I need to do."
"The first two years of his contract were worth $ 1. 5 million, but the third year he signed a $ 1 million contract with $ 1. 5 million guaranteed."
"The firm is one of the biggest names in the UK in the field of mobile phone security, and is one of the most popular and respected brands in the industry."
"I've been on the road for a while now, and I've got a lot of work to do."
"He's a great guy, he's a great guy, he's a great guy, he'll be a great guy for us and we'll see how he plays."
"The average person in the UK has a net worth of \u00a3 6, 000- or \u00a3 11, 000 if you include the cost of a home."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 5. 6 billion, or $ 1. 7 per share, in after- hours trading."
"The latest poll also found that 46 per cent of people aged 18 to 34 believe that the government should be \"more careful \"about the way it deals with the issue of same- sex relationships."
"I've been in the game for a long time, so it's a great opportunity for me to get back to that level."
"We have to go out and win games and that's what we've done this year, and we're going to get it done."
"I'm not going to go into detail, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"I have to make sure that I am a good enough person to be able to support them,\" he said."
"The president- elect has pledged to build a wall along the U. S.- Mexico border, but the measure has not been formally proposed."
"It's not like I've been doing it all my life, but I've been doing it for a long time."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a private conversation with a doctor or a nurse or something like that."
"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the product, and it's about the quality of the products being delivered."
"\"I was a bit surprised, because I'd never seen anything like it before,\" she said."
"\"The whole thing is a bit of a joke, but I think it's the right thing to do,\" he said."
"It's a good feeling, but I don't know if I'll be able to go out there and play again."
"\"It's just a really good thing for the city to have a structure that is really close to what we've been working on,\" he said."
"The UK has made a significant contribution to the EU's efforts to deal with the refugee crisis, and we will continue to do so."
"He said: \"I don't know if it's a big deal, but it's a big deal."
"\"The people who are the most likely to vote for the Republican nominee are the people who are most likely to be the most likely to be in favor of the Republican nominee,\" he said."
"I think we can be really proud of that because we've been there for so long, we've done so much for the game."
"He said: \"I'm not a big fan of the idea of a leader who is not in charge of the economy."
"The pair have been in a relationship for nearly a decade, dating for more than a decade, and the couple have a son, a daughter and two sons."
"He's been in the game a little bit longer than I've been, so it's a bit different."
"I don't know what he's going to do, but I'm going to be very grateful for the opportunity to play with him."
"The company said it was confident that the new technology would be able to help it boost its market share."
"The report also found that the number of people aged over 65 who have been on benefits has fallen by more than 50 per cent since 2010."
"He has been in the business of selling his own products, and he has been a big supporter of the Conservative Party."
"\"I think it's important to have a clear idea of what's going on and what's going on in the world,\" he says."
"\"We are going to have a very tough time, we are going to have a very tough time,\" he said."
"The next day, he was told to leave the house and returned to the airport, where he was arrested and charged with possession of a weapon."
"We've got to keep our heads down and see if we can get the best out of him."
"We've got a lot of players coming through and I think we've got a good squad in the squad that we have."
"I think it's important for people to understand that this is not the first time that we've had this kind of problem."
"\"I would like to thank the police for their assistance in this case and I would also like to thank the local community for their support,\" she said."
"It's a big game for us and we've got to be ready for it and we'll be ready for it."
"The group's stock fell nearly 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, but has since recovered to $ 1. 21."
"The move to a single market is seen by many as a step towards a free market, but it is not the only option."
"The first lady said:'I'm going to be honest, I'm not going to do it."
"In the first half of the season, the team had a 2- 0 deficit and a 1- 1 draw with the Chicago White."
"The Federal Reserve's decision to raise rates on Wednesday is a welcome sign that the central bank is moving in the right direction."
"The European Commission said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal to the European Court of Justice."
"\"We are working to get it right, but we have to do it in a way that's safe for everyone,\" he said."
"The boy's mother said she had been told by police that he would be taken to hospital but was not told if he would be able to attend the school."
"It's a good thing to have a good team, but you have to have a good team in the first half of the season."
"But the first of those, the World Cup, is not going to be played in Brazil, so I think the best thing for us is to go and play in Rio."
"It was a big game for me, I'm not going to forget it, but I felt good about it."
"The U. S.- led coalition has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria since mid- 2014."
"The video shows the woman in the car, who is wearing a white dress, walking away from the man in the car."
"\"We are going to have to fight for our rights and be able to go to work and play football,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of murder, and the other two men are now in police custody."
"If you are a member of this group, you should be able to tell your friends and family that you are a member."
"\"I think he's got a lot of work to do,\" said the veteran defensive end, who has a two- year, $ 6. 3 million contract."
"\"I can't wait to get started, but I'm still waiting for the right time to go,\" he said."
"The only thing we can do is to say to the people who have been affected by this that we will be doing everything we can to help them."
"We will have to see if we can make it a little bit more difficult to play on the outside and then we will have a proper competition."
"He's a young man who's got a lot of experience and he's got a lot of experience in the NRL."
"The company said it would build an \"over- the- top \"system to help customers rate their phone."
"I think it's very important for me to be able to come out and play and to be able to play well and be able to contribute to the team."
"\"I don't know what the truth is, but I feel like I've got the answers,\" he said."
"It's a small thing, but it is a small thing and I have to be careful about it."
"The first time I saw him he was like a little boy and he was a very good horse and I think I will be a little bit more careful when I see him."
"In a separate development, the number of people who are now being offered free treatment for mental health problems has dropped to a record low of 1. 4 million."
"The study also found that people who are not drinking alcohol are more likely to be diagnosed with depression, anxiety and social anxiety."
"The group's annual report, which is due to be released on Monday, shows that the number of people who have been affected has increased by more than 100, 000."
"The president- elect has pledged to make Mexico pay for the wall he's building along the US- Mexico border."
"The report said the government's approach to the issue is to offer a \"safe haven \"for migrants who have arrived in Europe."
"\"I think it's a shame that he's not going to be back in the game,\" said the former England international."
"The findings were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association and will be presented at a meeting of the American College of Emergency Medicine in Washington, D. C."
"The vast majority of those who don't have a mortgage are not in the housing market, and many are not in the employment market either."
"\"I think we've got to get better, and I think we've got to be more aggressive in the last couple of games,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful, but we have to be careful because we have to be careful with the president- elect,\" he added."
"\"It was really hard to get my head around it, but I'm still so grateful to have been able to do it,\" she says."
"I'm not going to say anything about the future, but I know that I'm going to be in a position to make decisions."
"\"I have a good feeling about it, I just hope they don't have to do it again,\" he said."
"The paper says that the government is now considering a bill that would allow people to be arrested for up to six months without charge."
"\"I'm not sure how it's going to work out,\" he said of the proposal to allow for a single- use vehicle."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 20 per cent in the past year, the health secretary has said."
"He said: \"We have a lot of players who have been on the bench for a few years and they are all going to be involved."
"\"If you're not prepared to do it, then you're not going to do it,\" he said."
"\"We're a small group of people, we've got to do what we can to help,\" he said."
"He said: \"I have been told that the police will be there for the event but I am not sure if it will be a police presence."
"\"I don't know if they are going to be able to make a decision about the number of people that are going to be affected,\" he said."
"The government is also planning to hold a referendum on the terms of the EU's access to the single market, which is set to be triggered by the referendum on membership of the EU."
"\"I think we need to be very careful in our approach to the game because we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure that's the right way to go, but I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The Bank of England has also said it will keep interest rates low for the next five years, which is a key factor in the economy."
"\"I've got to be honest, I've never been in a relationship where I was so upset,\" she said."
"\"I was so excited to see the girls in the video, and I was so happy to see so many of them,\" she said."
"\"I've been in the business for a long time, and I've never really had a problem with it,\" he said."
"The government has pledged to spend more than $ 1 billion on the project, which is expected to cost $ 5. 6 billion."
"But it's a little bit different from what I'd have been expecting, and I think it's a great feeling."
"The United States has been a major player in the fight against the Islamic State, but it is not the first time that the group has taken advantage of the country's military."
"The court heard that the woman's husband had been \"very upset \"about the decision and had been waiting for his wife to arrive."
"\"We have a lot of people who are on the fence about what is going to happen, but we are not the only ones,\" he said."
"The official said it was not clear what the deal was for, but that it would be \"more likely \"that the deal would be for a one- off payment."
"It's a very strange thing to have to do, but I've always been very grateful for it, and I've never had to worry about anything else."
"It's not like I'm saying it's going to be a disaster, but it's going to be a disaster."
"The problem is that the government has not done anything to address this problem, which is why it is so important to us."
"The former New York City mayor said he was \"very disappointed \"by Trump's comments on the issue."
"He was the first to say the decision to leave the EU was not a \"hard choice \"and the UK would not be able to continue as a member of the single market if it left."
"It's a pretty big deal for a company that's supposed to be one of the biggest in the world."
"The study, published in the British Medical Journal, found that people who take their own medicine are more likely to develop cancer."
"\"If you're a parent of a child who is in a relationship with a man, you're not going to be able to take the risk of him,\" she said."
"It's a real shame that we are not able to win the league, but we can still win the league."
"It's a nice feeling to be in the top four, but I think we've got a lot of good players here."
"But it's not the first time that the company has made a mistake: in 2014, it was fined $ 4. 5 million."
"The final report will be released on Friday, with the government's response expected to be a surprise to many."
"The next day, he was told by a police officer to go to a nearby building and get a bag of cigarettes, which he did."
"The latest poll shows that voters in the top three states are more likely to say they would be more likely to support Trump if he were to win the White House."
"I can't believe I was on the phone with a manager who didn't know me, and I was the only one in the room who knew."
"I was worried about how I would be playing for the next couple of weeks and I didn't want to risk my health."
"The report said the number of people in the UK who have been affected by the virus has increased from 1. 6 million to 2. 5 million over the same period."
"The Republican front- runner is still trying to convince voters that he is the best choice to lead the party."
"\"I'm sure that they're going to be looking for somebody who can help them in the long run,\" she added."
"\"It's a very hard thing to do because you've got to be very careful,\" he said."
"He said he was shocked to see the photo, which he said was a \"very small \"one."
"It's a big game, but you have to play well and get the result you want to win it, and that's what we did."
"The $ 15 minimum wage is set to be introduced in California, and other states are considering similar measures, according to the Associated Press."
"He said: \"I don't know what the future holds, but I think the future is very bright for the club and I'm very happy with the progress we've made."
"The Bank of England is due to hold its annual meeting on Monday, but it is unlikely to raise interest rates until after the June 23 vote."
"It's a great time to be a mother, but you have to be careful because it's going to be a very hard time."
"The idea is that the government will spend the money to build a wall and build a wall that will stop illegal immigrants from coming into the country."
"\"The fact that I'm here is a sign that I'm not going to be a candidate,\" he said."
"I have a lot of experience in the game, so I know what I'm doing and I'm ready for it."
"The Prime Minister has said he will not seek re- election in the event of a Brexit vote, but he has been clear that he will stay in the EU."
"\"I've been very clear about this: I don't want to be in the business of selling drugs,\" he says."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to take a knee, but I'm going to say this: I don't care what anybody says."
"He said he had been at the home for about a week and had not been in contact with his family for a while."
"The government has been unable to confirm whether it will seek to block the vote, which is expected to take place on Tuesday."
"It's not a surprise that the largest single group of voters who say they are supporting Mr. Trump are white men."
"The economy grew by 0. 5 percent in the second quarter, compared with the same period a year earlier, and the unemployment rate fell to 5. 9 percent from 5. 9 percent."
"The FBI, which has been investigating Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state, said on Tuesday that it had not yet found any evidence to support her claim of responsibility."
"\"We have a good team, but we have to do something special and win games,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to let you get away with that, because I'm going to stand up for you,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since Islamic State militants seized the city in Iraq's second- largest city of Mosul in September 2014."
"\"I've got to be honest, I didn't expect to see this,\" she said."
"We've got a big squad of players and we're just getting started in the next few days."
"The government's own figures show that only about 5, 000 people have been killed in the conflict, with the vast majority of those killed in the rebel- held areas being civilians."
"The company has been in the news recently for a string of arrests, including one in Florida, where the company is based."
"\"We are going to be doing this again and I am going to be doing this again and again and again and again,\" he said."
"But there are still many people who are not in the business of working for themselves, and that's not the case here."
"\"We are going to do what we can to try to help them in the next few days,\" he said."
"The following year, he went to the U. S. and made a trip to Mexico to meet with the president of the United States."
"\"We're not saying we want to be here, but we're here to show that we're here,\" he said."
"\"We've got to make sure that we get our act together and get it right,\" he said."
"We don't have to worry about what we're doing, because we know what we're doing."
"It's a lot of work, but we've got to be prepared for it and we're going to have to be prepared for it."
"\"We have to make sure that the people who have been affected by the attack are well protected,\" he said."
"He said:'I have always been a bit of a bit of a rebel, but I don't like being out there."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to be a member of the European Union,\" he said in an interview."
"We've got to keep our focus on the game and try to win games, which is what we've done."
"I'm not sure if I can keep up with the pace of the game, but I'm sure I can keep the ball."
"The project is expected to cost $ 2 billion to $ 2. 7 billion and will cost $ 15 billion to $ 20 billion, according to a source familiar with the project."
"The government has said it will seek to protect the rights of people in the EU and will also try to protect the rights of migrants."
"The average wage for a full- time worker in the UK is \u00a3 14. 50, compared with \u00a3 13. 50 for a full- time worker in the US."
"The couple's daughter, a senior at the school, is also in the care of the police."
"\"We have a problem with the banks and we need to fix it,\" he said in an interview with the BBC."
"It's a good thing we've got a good squad and we've got to be patient and we've got to be ready for the big games."
"The new law, which will take effect next year, will apply only to individuals who have been convicted of a crime in the past five years, not to those who have been convicted of a crime in the past six years."
"The best way to do that is to make sure the animals are being properly protected and then to ensure that they are not being put in the same situation again."
"He said: \"The fact that he has been able to go to the airport and fly to the airport and he has been able to go to the airport is a big boost to the club."
"The government is also offering to pay for the construction of a new school in the town, but not for the construction of a new school in the same area."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say to the people that we're going to do this,\" he said."
"I'm not saying it's not going to be the same, but it's going to be a different experience."
"\"I think it's a little bit more of a battle to keep the ball,\" he said."
"\"We're going to do what we can to make sure that we don't have to,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the attacks has risen to more than one million, and the number of injured has risen to more than two million."
"I was really excited about it, I think it's really cool and I'm really excited about the opportunities that we've had in the last couple of years."
"The main reason for the increase is the fact that the number of people who have been using the service has increased by 50 per cent."
"\"I have to say I'm not surprised that the French have taken a stand against this,\" he said."
"The two men were arrested on suspicion of possession of a weapon, and a second man, believed to be in the same family, was arrested on suspicion of possession of a knife."
"He has been in the spotlight for a number of years and I think he has done a lot to show what he can do."
"I'm not sure why we're having this conversation at all, but I'm sure it's something that's been going on for a long time."
"\"The guy who had been working in the building, he was a very nice person, and I'm very sorry for what happened,\" he said."
"The new rules, which are expected to be introduced next year, will apply to the rest of the UK's biggest companies."
"The issue of the government's \"policy of not taking action on the issue \"is also a topic of debate."
"The plan is to provide a \"substantial \"amount of funding to the state's universities, he said, adding that the money would be used to help improve the quality of the school's facilities."
"The only way to do this is to create a new system of checks and balances, which will allow people to make their own decisions."
"The latest figures show that the number of people leaving the EU has fallen by more than half since the referendum, with the number of people leaving the EU leaving the UK by far the biggest single factor."
"The report said the number of women and children affected was \"significantly lower \"than the national average, and the number of children affected by the Zika virus was \"significantly lower \"than the national average."
"\"I'm not sure that's the best way to do it,\" he said, adding that he had not seen the video yet."
"The court heard the couple, who are now aged 71 and 85, had been together for eight years but had not been married for more than a year."
"\"We've been in this business for a long time and we've got to get back to the level of quality we've been missing,\" he said."
"\"It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything,\" he said, adding that he's \"not going to be able to do anything \"in the game."
"He said:'I was in a car with my wife and two young children when I saw a car coming from the other side of town."
"It's not the only thing that can change, but it's certainly the most important thing."
"We know we have to be patient, but we have to make sure we don't get too carried away with the results."
"I'm not going to lie, I've been through it before and I'm not going to lie to anybody."
"I'm a little bit disappointed that the only thing I can do is go out there and play my game."
"But I don't know how they got the information that they did, so I don't know what the reason was for that."
"\"I'm going to have to get used to the fact that I'm not going to be able to work for the rest of my life,\" she said."
"He's had a good run and is getting a lot of attention and I'm sure he'll be a big part of the team."
"\"We have a great relationship, and I don't want to say too much about that,\" he said."
"The researchers found that people who were in the middle of a pregnancy were more likely to be pregnant than those who were in the middle of the pregnancy."
"But the fact that the majority of the people in the country are against him is very disappointing, because he's not going to win."
"The people who have been working on this project for a long time are very proud of what we're doing."
"\"The government has done a lot of good things in the past and I think we're in a better position to do a lot of good things in the future,\" he said."
"\"We have to get out there and make sure we get the right kind of game plan,\" he said."
"If you are a small business owner, you can't afford to pay more than $ 10 for a cup of coffee."
"I don't know if it's the same as in the past, but it's a lot better now."
"The figures show that the number of people who have a disability rose by about 1 per cent between 2010 and 2014."
"The company's shares rose more than 1% in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company said it had lost $ 1. 9 billion in the past 12 months."
"I was really shocked when I saw the video of the baby being taken away from her mother, who was very upset."
"\"If you're not a Republican, you're not going to have a chance to win,\" he said."
"We're in a very competitive market and we've got to be very careful about what we say and what we say it says."
"But they were not to be allowed to see the film, which was being filmed in the same building as the one where the killings took place."
"The two men are accused of being involved in a series of violent incidents in the city in the past few months."
"I am not sure how much longer it will be, but it's not like I'm going to have a full year."
"The number of people who have been told they can't travel to the UK from EU countries has increased by more than 30 per cent, according to the Home Office."
"\"We are not going to get a lot of votes from the people who are not in the camp,\" he said."
"The new rules come after the government announced it was launching an investigation into the company's operations in the UK."
"The US has already cut its exports to China, and the US is also not doing so in the South China Sea."
"But it's a little bit more than that, and the players are a bit more comfortable with it."
"The group said it had already raised more than $ 1. 5 million from investors in the last three weeks, including a $ 1 million from a group that owns a stake in the company."
"\"I'm not going to go out and say I'm not a fan of him,\" he said."
"We've had a few games where we've lost the ball, and we've got to be more aggressive."
"\"I think it's really important for people to be able to see the effects of their own actions,\" she said."
"It's a very important game, and I'm confident we can win it, but I'm not sure we can win it in the last five minutes."
"It is a matter of pride for me to be able to go out and play with my teammates and to be able to show them that I am a great player."
"We've got to make sure we have a good look and a good feel for the game and we have to be ready for the big game."
"The second- half performance was a little bit better, but I think the first half was a bit better."
"I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it."
"\"The president has been clear that he will not be voting for the Republican nominee,\" he said."
"\"I was in the car and I noticed a woman sitting in the car and I didn't know what was going on,\" he said."
"\"I was very surprised by the response, and I think it was a great start to the year,\" she said."
"If you have a chance to win, you have to be prepared for the weather and the fact that you have to be prepared for it."
"\"I think it's important to take the time to reflect on what you've done and what you've done well,\" he said."
"The government says it will continue to work with local councils to help them reduce the number of people who can't afford to pay."
"\"I have to make sure I don't make mistakes,\" he said, adding: \"I have to be honest with you."
"I don't want to be in a situation where I'm going to be making money off of it and it's going to be a good thing for me."
"It's a great thing that you can get a good deal on a car at a price point that's not competitive."
"The whole thing is so much fun, and I love it, but I just want to be with my friends and family."
"But the reality is that the government has not done anything to stop the increase, and the consequences are not worth the effort."
"The new rules are designed to help the government to ensure that the \"best possible deal \"is struck with the EU, rather than a handful of big companies."
"He said the company's board of directors had agreed to make the move as a way to help raise money for the Alzheimer's Society."
"But the government has failed to take action, and the uncertainty is creating a situation where it is impossible to predict the future."
"The former Prime Minister's speech to the Tory party conference in Birmingham was a sign of the party's strength in the region."
"I've been on a training programme for the last couple of years and I've got a lot of experience in the industry."
"\"We will be doing everything we can to support the government to make sure that we do everything we can to help the community,\" he said."
"\"If you look at the economy, you know, you've got a lot of people who are not working,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent on Monday, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent."
"The young men were arrested in July 2015 and charged with attempted murder and attempted murder, but were released on bail."
"In a statement, the council said: \"We are committed to the safety and well- being of our staff, customers and visitors."
"The court heard that the two men had been planning to take the money and then took a taxi to the shop."
"The government has made clear that it wants to keep the country in the EU, but it also wants to stay in the single market."
"He is a very good player, he has a lot of experience and he is a very good player in this league."
"\"The only thing that's going to stop us from doing that is we're going to have to get rid of them,\" he said."
"The new rules are expected to be announced next week, but the new rules are expected to be announced at the start of next month."
"\"I would like to see a lot of them, but I don't know if they're all going to be in the same boat,\" he said."
"\"It's not like you can go to a party and have a drink with a group of people,\" she said."
"\"The only way to do that is to have a stable, secure and safe environment for all of us,\" he said."
"\"It's a difficult time for me, and I'm not going to be happy with the way I'm playing,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's going to be a problem for me, but I'm not going to be able to play the way I want to play,\" he said."
"I think it's important for us to try to be a little bit more aggressive in our attacking game, which we've done quite a few times."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the people of the state, especially in rural areas,\" he said."
"The government's proposals would see the use of a more efficient public transport system for the benefit of all, but not for the benefit of the few."
"It's a massive opportunity and I think it's important that we get the right people on board, so we can be competitive in the future."
"The company said it had taken steps to address the issue and would continue to do so."
"The biggest issue is the way in which we are dealing with this because we are not in a position to change the law."
"It's a question of whether he will be able to do that in a way that will be useful to the team."
"The UK's economy grew by 2. 7 per cent in the third quarter of 2016, the fastest pace since the previous quarter."
"The union said it was not aware of any other cases of workers who had been injured or killed by the strike."
"I don't know how many people are going to be here and I'm not sure how many people are going to be here in a short time."
"I think it's a shame that we're not doing a better job of getting people to do that."
"The report also found that in some cases, the benefits of a lower tax rate were not as significant as the tax benefits of higher rates."
"\"I think it's important for the players to have a clear idea of what they want to do,\" he said."
"The public broadcaster said in a statement that the decision to stop advertising in the show's final episode was \"a decision made by the producers \"and not a \"side decision \"by the producers themselves."
"The United States has not yet officially announced the results of the investigation, but it is believed to be in the early stages."
"\"We are not going to let the fact that we are not going to have a good relationship with Russia or China or anything like that,\" he told reporters."
"The pair were found guilty of two counts of causing death by dangerous driving and a second count of causing death by dangerous driving causing death by dangerous driving causing injury."
"I don't think we're ready for the challenge that we're in right now and we have to play the way we need to play."
"The company's stock has fallen by more than half since the company's first quarter of 2015, and its shares are down about 5 percent from the peak of $ 44. 78 a share in mid- 2014."
"The company said it was \"committed \"to the fight against the Zika virus, and that it would continue to work with local authorities to help them deal with the problem."
"The plan is to have a small number of people in the first few weeks, and then we'll see how the population changes."
"But I think it's important to look at the context in which the decision was made and what was happening on the ground."
"We're a bit of a club now, we've got a lot of quality players and I think we're a bit of a club to be honest."
"The Department of Health said it was working to find out how many people were affected, but could not say how many more were still missing."
"It's not like I'm going to be in a car or something, but I'm going to have a good time."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 3. 30 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company reported a loss in the second quarter."
"\"We've been working very closely with the police to ensure that they are able to provide the best possible response to this incident,\" he said."
"The man was arrested at the scene and taken to a nearby hospital, where he was later released without incident."
"\"I think the whole idea of having a woman president, I think, was really, really bad for women,\" she said."
"I'm not sure what the outcome will be, but I'm sure it's going to be a very positive thing for the club."
"The group's shares rose as much as 2. 5 percent in after- hours trading on Monday, while its shares fell as low as 0. 9 percent."
"We have a lot of good players, a lot of good players, and we have to do everything we can to get them back."
"I have to make sure that I'm not too busy to be able to do that, and I'm not too busy to be able to get a good look at it."
"The move will be a major boost to the company's stock, which has been trading at around $ 14 per share since it announced its plan to cut its corporate tax rate in June."
"I don't know what he's going to do, but I think he's going to go out there and do his job."
"I was a little bit surprised when I first heard about the deal, but I'm not surprised now."
"The government's announcement of the new rules comes as the country's economy is struggling to cope with the massive amount of migrants."
"\"It's not like I'm saying that I'm going to be a Democrat,\" Trump said in the interview."
"\"I don't know how it will be done, but I am not going to sit here and say I don't want to,\" he said."
"But the fact that she's going to be in the White House for a while means that she's going to have to do a lot of things."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a controlled substance."
"We were so lucky to be able to get away with it, but we have to remember that we're all human."
"\"We're going to have to make sure we're going to have the best deal for the American people,\" he said."
"He said:'I was in a panic, I didn't know what was happening, I was in shock."
"\"We have to be careful and we have to be careful with the kids, because we are going to be in a position where we can't do anything about it,\" he said."
"We are confident that we will be able to work with the local authorities and the police to make sure that we do what we need to do to protect the public."
"The fact that we're going to be able to do it on a weekend, it's a really exciting thing."
"\"I don't think the government should be allowed to do anything that's going to harm our economy,\" he said."
"But it is not clear how many of the people who were injured were in the car at the time, and the driver has not been identified."
"It is an unusual move for a presidential candidate, who has made a career out of attacking the opposition parties and the media."
"I would like to think that, in the future, the government will take a look at the matter and look at the impact on the industry."
"\"It's the first time I've been able to say to a guy, \"I'm not going to say anything,\" \"she said."
"\"If you're a man, you're not going to be able to get out of the house,\" she said."
"I am not sure how I feel about it, but I know I will be back in the team in a few weeks."
"\"It's not a surprise that the United States has taken in more refugees than any other country,\" he said."
"But we have to make sure that we have a plan for where we are going, and we have to make sure we have a plan for what we're going to do next."
"It's a great opportunity to show you're not just a guy, but you can be a man too."
"\"I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do, but I'm going to make sure you know what I'm going to do,\" he said."
"The company said it had received a number of complaints from customers about the way they were treated and it was working to resolve them."
"The school said it would be \"extremely difficult \"to stop the abuse because of the way the pupils were treated by staff."
"It's been a really tough few months for me, but I'm really happy with the results and I'm looking forward to the next step."
"We're going to have to be careful with our actions, we're going to be careful with our words and we're going to be careful with ourselves."
"The man, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with non- life- threatening injuries, police said."
"The president- elect said he would be willing to consider a \"very, very strong \"offer, and that he would \"take a very strong position \"on the issue."
"He said: \"We are aware of the incident and we are treating it as a suspicious incident and will be appealing for anyone who saw the suspect to contact us."
"\"I'm not going to lie to you: I was disappointed that he didn't win,\" Clinton said."
"The company is also seeking to improve its customer service, which has been a source of concern for some customers."
"I don't know how much longer it will be, but I'm sure it will be a lot longer than I thought."
"It's not just the way we play, but the way we play that matters, because it's not just a matter of how we play."
"We're going to be there for the fans and hopefully we can make a run at the top of the league."
"The two men were arrested in July and were charged with possession of cannabis and possession of a controlled substance."
"It's not the first time that the UK has been hit by a terrorist attack in the past week."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue criminal charges in the case, but it is investigating."
"The man was arrested and charged with three counts of attempted murder and was released on bail, the court heard."
"He has been an incredible teacher, a wonderful friend and I am so proud to have him as our new President."
"I think it's important for us to be able to give our players a chance to come back and play well."
"I don't know how to explain it, but I don't think that's the right way to do it."
"\"I'm not saying that I'm going to win it, but I'm going to be a lot better,\" he said."
"\"I think that's the most important thing for me to do, and I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"He said: \"I've got to say that I have had a lot of hard times and I've got to say that I've got to say that I've got to say that I'm proud of my record."
"The group is also the only one of the major US- based groups that has been able to track the migration of refugees from Syria and Iraq."
"The man, who is not being named, is in a stable condition at a local hospital, the spokesman said."
"\"It's the first time I've been in a group of this size and I'm just trying to get a feel for the group,\" he said."
"But the research suggests that the best way to deal with it is to keep it in the back of the mind."
"\"I'm not sure if I would have voted for him if I hadn't known he was going to be a very strong candidate,\" she said."
"The plan is to hold a referendum on whether Britain should remain in the EU by the end of 2017, the report says."
"The government is also trying to boost the number of jobs in the sector by giving people a chance to work."
"The researchers said they were surprised to find that the increased risk of death was associated with a greater risk of being a woman."
"The federal government said it would be looking at the proposed changes in the next few weeks, but did not provide details."
"The country's government says the move will help ease the pressure on the country's oil and gas companies."
"It's a shame, because I've been working hard to get back to what I was before, and I'm just happy to be back."
"\"The first thing we do is we ask them to come in and show us what they're doing,\" he said."
"He's a great guy, a great leader, and he's been with us for a long time."
"He said:'I don't want to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be in a position to make decisions about the future of the company."
"The most important thing is to get him in the right place at the right time and then we'll see how it goes."
"The report said there was a \"very significant \"difference \"between the number of people who were not in the workforce and the number of people who were employed."
"The last time I saw him I thought he was going to be a great guy, but it's not like that now."
"The pair have been married for more than a decade, and are now expecting their first child, a girl, in June."
"It's a tough job, but we can't just sit back and let the game go to us."
"The company said it was also working with a number of other companies to better understand the issue, and would also look at other options."
"It's a huge challenge and it's a huge challenge for the club, but it's something we've got to take care of."
"The researchers found that people who have a disability are more likely to be diagnosed with the disease than people who don't have it."
"The police chief said he had been told by a member of the public that a number of people had been killed and six others injured."
"We're going to get our hands on some really good stuff and we're going to go to the next level."
"\"I don't want to say that I'm a racist, but I don't think he's a racist,\" she said."
"In a statement, the group said it was \"deeply disappointed \"that the UK government had refused to take action against the school."
"\"I'm not sure I can be more proud of the people who have made this country what it is,\" he said."
"The school said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision."
"He was also a member of the Labour Party's executive committee and was a member of the party's executive committee for more than a decade."
"\"We are going to be in a position where we are going to be able to make decisions based on what we have seen from the last couple of years,\" he said."
"We're going to be watching it closely and we're going to be making sure that we're not going to let them get away with this."
"The price of oil rose to $ 40 a barrel in the first quarter of this year from $ 40 a barrel a year ago, and the U. S. crude rose to $ 46. 75 a barrel from $ 46. 80 a barrel"
"The city is now home to a large number of homeless people, many of whom are trying to find a place to live."
"\"I would like to see a plan to get rid of the waste and make it more efficient,\" he said."
"I think the biggest thing is that we have a new manager, new staff and new players, and it's going to be a good thing."
"The new rules, which are due to be introduced in September, are designed to make it easier for people to get help when they need it."
"\"The fact that we've had the opportunity to do this before is a big boost to our business,\" he said."
"I'm a fan of the idea of a new era, and I think it's the best way to do it."
"The company's shares rose 3. 7 percent to $ 23. 75 in afternoon trading on Tuesday."
"The men are not believed to have been involved in the attack, but police are investigating the incident as suspicious."
"I think it's important to have a sense of community and to have a sense of purpose, because I know that when you're in a situation like that, you're going to need to be prepared to take risks."
"The group is one of the biggest in Europe, with more than 20, 000 members in the UK, and the majority of its members are from the south of England and Wales."
"I'm going to be in the gym every day, so I'm going to be able to do it all without the pressure."
"But I have a lot of respect for the guy and he's got a lot of work to do."
"\"I'm not going to sit back and watch the game because I don't think it's going to be a great experience,\" he said."
"The White House has said the administration is working with the FBI to determine the cause of the fire, but the White House did not respond to a request for comment."
"\"I've been working with the club for a number of years and I've always had a great relationship with them,\" he said."
"\"I've never been in a situation where I felt like I had to do something,\" he said."
"The number of people who have died is the highest since the end of the war in Iraq, the UN said on Thursday."
"The authorities in the city of Aleppo have been accused of targeting civilians, but they have not been able to provide any evidence to support their claims."
"The government has not yet said how many people will be affected, but it has said that it will try to provide a more accurate figure."
"The judge said she was not a threat to the public and did not have any criminal record and was not involved in any criminal activity."
"The United States and Russia have been working together to fight the Islamic State group for the past two years, according to the Russian Defense Ministry."
"The report found that the average age of the girls was 18, while the average age of the boys was 14."
"The company said the number of people using the service fell to 1. 3 million in the quarter from 1. 4 million in the previous quarter."
"\"If you're a good student and you want to go to university, you have to be prepared for the challenges,\" she said."
"I don't know if I could do it, but I'm not going to do it."
"I am not surprised by the fact that we are now seeing the first signs that the Brexit process is moving in the right direction."
"The company said it had sold more than $ 1 billion worth of products in the first half of the year."
"The first thing we do is we want to see the best in the best players in the best conditions, in the best conditions, in the best conditions."
"It's a great opportunity for us to show what we can do and we've got a good squad here to go out there and play well."
"He said: \"It's a very serious issue and we have to be very careful about the way we approach this."
"I know what it's like to be in the spotlight and have to be on the cover of a magazine."
"\"It's a real shame that we're having to go through this,\" he said."
"If you are a woman, you don't have to worry about being the first to get the treatment you need."
"The judge said he was \"very happy \"that the court would not have to hear the case again in the near future."
"The Fed's next rate hike is expected to be in October, and the rate hike is expected to be the most significant since the Fed raised rates in December."
"The biggest worry, he said, is that the country's oil production is likely to decline by about 2 percent this year."
"I've got a lot of friends and family, and they're all really excited about this game."
"\"It's not just about the money, it's about the quality of the work and the quality of the training and the quality of the players,\" he said."
"He's a good player, he's a good coach, he's a good player, he's a good player in the team."
"I was just thinking about my dad, the one who died, and I didn't know him very well, so I was just thinking to myself, \"I can't do that."
"The EU is now looking to the US for support, but it is not clear whether the UK will be able to take part in the negotiations."
"It's a shame that the club didn't get a chance to try and get the ball out of their hands and put it in the net."
"The same can be said for the men and women who come to work every day, and are paid less than their male counterparts."
"The figures show that the number of people who have been arrested for cannabis possession has increased from 1. 2 million in 2014 to 2. 5 million in 2015."
"I think it's the best thing that ever happened to me, because I was a kid and I was a child of a lot of people."
"The game was played at the end of the first half and I thought we were very good in the second half."
"The company has a $ 3. 4 billion profit in the fourth quarter of 2016, up from $ 1. 3 billion a year earlier."
"It's not just about the money, but also the people who are in it, and it's a huge part of the community."
"The decision to make a new baby is a huge one, and we want to make sure that every child has the best life possible."
"I'm not going to sit here and say that the players are not going to be ready to play."
"It is estimated that around a quarter of the world's population is affected by Zika, with around two million people affected in the Caribbean, South America and Asia."
"The United Nations says that more than 2, 000 civilians have been killed since the start of the fighting in Syria's war."
"It's a really hard job and I'm really proud of what I've done, but it's a very difficult job."
"\"I have been working on this for the last couple of months, and I think I will be able to do it for a few months,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we are not going to stop the flow of refugees,\" he said."
"I was in a good place and I could see the people in the crowd and I thought: \"I can't do this."
"I don't know what's going to happen in the next 48 hours, but I'll be watching."
"The new system will allow the state to ask the individual to provide a name and address, rather than the individual's own address, for a fee."
"The jury was told that he had a \"high level of drug use \"and was \"not aware of any alcohol or drug- related problems \"at the time of the alleged offences."
"The group has been on a collision course with the government over its plans for a new steel plant in the heart of the city."
"He said: \"We have to take a look at the evidence and make sure that we have the best possible deal."
"We are in a position where we have to do what we can to ensure that the people of Flint are safe."
"\"We have a very good chance to win this game, we've got to play well, and we've got to keep our heads down,\" he said."
"The most obvious benefit of a \"buy it now \"policy is that it will make it easier to access a mortgage."
"I think he's going to be a really good player for us and he's going to be a good player for us in the future."
"The government's new measures, which will apply to all businesses, will be introduced in the next few months."
"I don't know if it's going to be a big deal, but we're going to have to be very careful."
"It's been a long time coming, and I don't know what to say about it, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be a big year for him."
"It's not a bad thing to be able to play on the back of that, but I'm not going to be happy if I can't."
"The $ 1. 5 million is the largest ever awarded by the city, and it's the first time in the city's history that a city has paid out a portion of its budget for a project in a single year."
"It was a very good thing that the Rangers got the win and we have to be proud of that."
"But I think it's important for the fans to know that it's not just a matter of a few games, it's a matter of a lifetime."
"But if you have a plan for the future, you'll want to make sure you're doing it right."
"The reality is that we've got to be able to be in the game and make the most of it."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds, but I'm not worried,\" he said."
"\"We're going to have to go in and make sure we have a proper system to deal with this,\" he said."
"It is not clear what the exact cause of the fire, which began on Monday morning, was, although it is believed to have started in a shed."
"I'm not sure how you can do that, but I'm not going to tell you how to do it."
"But the new rules will be made official in the coming weeks and a formal announcement is expected to be made by the end of March."
"The report said the number of people living with HIV in the UK has risen by more than a third since the introduction of the national HIV service in 2014."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 7 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2014."
"The other day, I was playing against a guy who was a very good player, and he was playing really well."
"The government's decision to cut the number of police officers from the force to just 20 in 2014- 15 was a major blow to the force."
"I am really proud of the work we have done to support the children of people who are victims of violence."
"The court heard the pair had been staying in a hotel room in the city for about a month when they were approached by a man who asked them to leave."
"\"We've got a lot of young players, a lot of talented players and we're going to have to get them all right,\" he said."
"But the company said it was not aware of any cases of people being killed by the fire, which is believed to be the largest in the country."
"It's not a big deal, but it's a big deal because it's a very small price to pay to get to this level."
"\"I'm not sure that's a good thing,\" he said, \"because if it is, it's not going to be good."
"\"I am not sure what the impact of that on the economy is, but it's a pretty significant one,\" he said."
"It's a really hard thing to do, but it's something I've been thinking about and I've been working on."
"The judge said the court had been \"extremely clear \"in its decision to stay the case and said the case should be heard by a jury."
"\"We will be looking at all the options available to us and the best options available to the people of Scotland,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the federal government to sell the land but has yet to receive approval from the federal government."
"It's a great opportunity for the players to get into the top of the game, and I think that's what we're looking to do."
"The government has said it is committed to the plan, but it will not say what it will do if it does not."
"But if you want to get a better understanding of the problem, you need to be able to see it from the outside."
"\"I don't know if I could do it,\" he says, \"but I don't want to be in a situation where I'm not able to do it."
"\"I don't think it's going to be easy to get the ball in the right place at the right time,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by at least 40 percent since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The U. S. has already made a major effort to get the European Union to accept refugees, but it's not clear that the U. S. will do that at the moment."
"\"I have been a victim of this and I know I have to do everything possible to protect myself,\" he said."
