"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 5. 14 in morning trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people who can afford to buy a home in England by half a million would be a disaster for the economy."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for a year and was confident the legislation would be passed."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"I can't believe you're doing this."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of me having a baby."
"The man was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries and released."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a deal to sell the property to a private developer for $ 1. 6 billion."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to see the game and see the game in a different way,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you're going to be doing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a single- issue candidate running for president,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a child, but I'm not sure if it's a bad idea to have a child,\" she said."
"The report said the government's plan to reduce the number of migrants arriving in Greece from the EU by half a million would be \"a disaster \"for the economy."
"The first thing I did was to ask the question, \"What's the most important thing you've ever done for your family?\"and I was surprised at how many people said that."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing militants in Syria for more than a year, but the Syrian government has not been able to strike back."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Facebook Inc. com were down 1. 3 per cent and 1. 5 per cent respectively."
"The U. S. has been bombing the rebels since the start of the civil war, and the U. S. has also been bombing the rebels since the start of the civil war."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"about the situation in Aleppo."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for a deal to sell its shares to a private equity firm."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of me having a baby."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it was \"very pleased \"by the decision of the Scottish Government to support the UK in the EU referendum."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was confident it could be sold."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the pace of growth in the economy if the UK leaves the EU."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new vehicles sold in the UK for at least two years."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to help it meet its legal requirements."
"The report said the number of people who had been arrested for offences against the law rose by 1. 5 per cent in the six months to June."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple's stock fell 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Wednesday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the practice, which has been widely condemned by rights groups."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the funds for the new school, which is due to open in 2017."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 17. 21 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in mid- December."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of me being a mother."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, but fell 1. 5 percent in after- hours trading."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Syria since 2014, but has yet to strike a single Islamic State target."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a ban on the sale of alcohol in the country, which is not a member of the European Union."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing to be a woman,\" she said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in early 2014."
"The new rules, which will be announced at a meeting of the European Parliament's executive committee on Thursday, will be introduced in the autumn."
"The government is also trying to get the public to pay more attention to the issue of the Zika virus, which is spreading in Brazil."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for the club, but I'm sure we'll be fine."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products, including a range of phones, in the UK, Ireland and Australia."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"trade relationship with the EU, but the deal is not yet final."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 000."
"The company's shares fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 25 in afternoon trading on Tuesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"I think it's a good thing that we're in this situation and we're going to do everything we can to make sure that we're not going to be in this situation again."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"We have a very good team and we are very confident in our ability to win games,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and would appeal the decision."
"The new rules will be introduced in the coming weeks and will be introduced in the first half of 2016, the company said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 30 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be the first person to say that."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, the highest since the company announced its plans to raise $ 1. 9 billion in cash."
"\"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this again,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to attend the event."
"The first time I saw him was at the Olympics, when he was a little boy and I was there and he was the first to come out."
"The company's shares rose 2. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17, the biggest gain since the company's stock price rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to sit here and say that I'm not going to do this."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first- quarter earnings report."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 21 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come to the house and see me."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products to customers in the UK, including a range of phones, computers and other products."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with demand for its products in the UK, and that it would be unable to meet its target of selling 1. 5 million units a year."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, and its shares were down more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent on Thursday."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with the BBC and others saying it should have done more."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 35, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 14. 18 on Thursday."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay the bill until the next election, which is due in 2020."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it was investigating the allegations against the two men, who are both from the same city."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"I'm not sure what the future holds for the club, but I'm sure we'll be fine."
"The first thing I want to do is to get the message out there that we're not going to be able to do it."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say in the media,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"to announce the deal, which will see it pay $ 1. 5 billion to settle a class- action lawsuit."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year to build a new factory in the city."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government on a range of projects."
"The first thing I did was to ask the man who was in the car to get out of the car and I was told he was not allowed to leave."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing militants in Syria since March, and has been supporting the Syrian government in its campaign."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next month, will be introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, which left 130 people dead and hundreds injured."
"\"I'm not sure what the impact of this is, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The government's plan to increase the minimum wage to $ 15 by 2020 is a major boost to the economy."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 11, while shares of Apple fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"she said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 25."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see if I could get a doctor there."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the UK government did not take action against the company."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 11 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The government has also said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the project unless the government gives the green light."
"The U. S. economy grew at a 0. 4 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the first quarter of 2015."
"\"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in mid- August."
"The company said it would be able to provide a range of products and services to the public, but it would not be able to provide a service to the private sector."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index fell 1. 6 percent."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares rose more than 10 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and see my wife and daughter, who were in a critical condition."
"The U. S. Department of Justice said it was investigating the allegations against Trump's former national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in March, the health ministry said."
"The first thing I did was to get a phone call from a friend who had been in touch with me."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of it, but I'm going to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and was in discussions with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau on the issue."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 0. 9 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the past three months, with the majority of the money coming from China."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next two years."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child in the first place,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are going to be in the room, and we're going to be able to talk about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demands of the EU, but it is not clear how much it will be able to pay."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that I'm not going to be in the position where I'm not going to be able to do anything."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, adding that it was \"very proud \"of the decision."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the project, which is estimated to cost between $ 1. 5 billion and $ 2. 5 billion."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will be delivered in two to four years."
"The company said it would be \"very difficult \"to keep up with demand for the new products, which will be available in the first half of 2017."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Agency for International Development, but did not have a firm date."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'm not going to be a part of it,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group since 2014, but has not carried out strikes against the group since the group's fall in 2014."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested at the scene and taken to a nearby hospital for treatment."
"The government is also trying to get a better understanding of the risks of the new rules, which are due to be introduced next year."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a leader, but I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The U. S. has not yet formally accused Russia of war crimes in Syria, but it has been accused of targeting civilians."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out across the country."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"I've been working on it for a while and I'm really excited about it and I'm really proud of it."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for several months, but that it would not be able to provide details until the government had agreed to take action."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay the full cost of the project, which will cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"I'm not saying I'm going to be a great president, but I'm not going to be a bad president,\" he said."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company's shares fell as much as 1. 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice on a settlement, but did not have a firm date for the deal."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine the cause of the crash."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has already said it will not be making any changes to the way it operates."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the funds for the new school until the next school year."
"The government has been accused of failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say and what we say to the media, because we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it had not seen the video and that it was not yet clear what the U. S. was doing with it."
"The first time I saw him, I was so excited, I thought he was going to be a great player."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors and was working with investors to develop a strategy for the future."
"\"I'm not going to say that we're going to be able to do it all in one go,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 14. 29 in after- hours trading."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in the early hours of Monday morning."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services to customers in the UK, including in the UK, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand."
"The company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent at $ 1. 18 on Thursday, the biggest drop in more than a year."
"The new rules, which were introduced in March, will apply to all new members of the club, regardless of their age."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by about 1, 500."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 17. 30 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company reported its third- quarter results."
"The government is also trying to convince the public that it is not a party that is responsible for the problems it faces."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 16 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 25 in the same period last year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 28 on Tuesday, their biggest gain since the company's stock price rose more than 1 per cent in the same period last year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"time trial for the service, which will be available for $ 1, 000."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it was not responsible for any incidents."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 16, while its shares fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the new contract until the new contract is completed."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the drug, which is banned in the UK for the treatment of cancer."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people in care from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million is a major blow to the NHS."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than half since the 1980s, the study authors said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital and is in a stable condition."
"The first thing we need to do is to get the right people in the right places, so that we can get the right people in the right places."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next five years because of the uncertainty over the future of the UK's relationship with the EU."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I do know that it's a good idea,\" she said."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact on the NHS of the impact of the referendum on the NHS."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing,\" he said, adding that he was \"very disappointed \"by the decision."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make the site more attractive to tourists."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the group, which has been linked to a string of attacks in the past."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the new rules."
"\"It's a very different world now, and I'm not sure what the future holds for the club,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I've been in the business for a long time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the outcome is going to be, but I'm sure we'll be able to get it done,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be played in a way that's not just about the game,\" he said."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014, but has not carried out strikes against the group since the group's fall in Mosul in 2014."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Federal Trade Commission for more than a year, but it has yet to sign a deal."
"The U. S. State Department said it was \"deeply concerned \"by the incident and urged the Syrian government to take immediate steps to prevent further attacks."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm not going to let him go,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for more than a year and was considering a legal challenge."
"The company's shares fell by more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Monday, after the company announced it was cutting its workforce."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017 and will be introduced in the autumn of 2018."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to make sure that we're not just going to be a one- off,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the authorities to ensure the safety of its customers."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 14, the highest since the company's first public offering in 2014."
"The company said it was also working with the U. S. Department of Justice to investigate the allegations."
"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about that, because we're going to be able to do it."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people in the same room, but I'm not going to lie."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be easy, but it's going to be a very difficult thing to do,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been affected by the virus increased to 1. 6 million in the year to March, the highest number since the virus was first discovered in the 1980s."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will be delivered in a few months."
"The first thing I did was to ask the man to come to the house and I told him I was going to come and see him."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and charged with two counts of assault."
"\"We have a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time and they are very excited about it,\" she said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the operation, which will cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the operation, which will be completed by the end of 2017."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who would be affected by the changes."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding to pay for the new facilities."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the announcement, which it said was made in response to a request from the public."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but had not yet decided whether it would be ready for commercial use."
"The government's response to the crisis has been to try to make it easier for people to get help."
"\"I don't know how to describe it, but it's a very emotional experience,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 2. 4%, to $ 30. 46 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 11, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman on the show,\" she said."
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to play again but I'm sure I'll be able to play again."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 11. 35 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its employees are protected."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep going,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 in afternoon trading on Tuesday."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and would continue to monitor the situation closely."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the demand for new homes, and that it will not be able to meet the demand for new homes for the first time in more than a decade."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Friday, but fell less than 1 percent in after- hours trading."
"The U. S. has been bombing and killing terrorists since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011, but has also been accused of supporting the rebels."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for more than a year and that it was working with the government on the issue again."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue of the new rules, but it has not yet been able to reach a decision."
"The man was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital where he was later released on bail."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in mid- December."
"\"I don't know what the hell I'm going to do next, but I'm going to try and get out there and play,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we have to go through this again,\" he said, adding that he had not been able to find a job."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it was \"fully committed \"to the project."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the issue, with some saying it is too late."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25 in afternoon trading on Tuesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 3 billion in revenue in the three months to the end of March, compared with $ 1. 6 billion a year earlier."
"The number of people who have lost their jobs has increased by nearly a third, to 1. 5 million, according to the latest figures from the government."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to establish the cause of the crash and that it was working to identify the driver."
"I think it's a good thing that we have a good squad, and we have a good squad in the squad, so we can be competitive."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new contract, which is expected to be worth about $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that in the next few months,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"full range of products \"in the UK, including the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7, as well as a range of other phones."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21, while shares of Apple Inc fell 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a guy who's been in the game for a long time,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by a tax on the profits of the schools."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it would continue to monitor the situation."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year, but it had not yet decided on a date."
"The first thing I want to do is to tell the world that I'm not going to be running for president."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would be able to play again."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"I'm not sure what the next step is, but I'm sure it's going to be a very tough one."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I'm not sure it's going to be a problem."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for me, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for a year and that it would be working with the government on the issue again in the future."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the number of migrants who have arrived in Greece since the start of the year."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 17, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 17. 65 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The first thing you need to do is to get the right balance of the two and then you can go out and play."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department about the case."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the new rules were not followed, but would continue to monitor the situation."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 6 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015."
"The company said it had been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department about the case."
"\"We're not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that the company had to make sure it was ready for the next stage of the project."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is being held in a custody facility."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been registered as a resident."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the project, which is expected to cost $ 1. 5 billion."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, because we are not going to be able to say it in the same way,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the first quarter of this year, and that it had sold more than $ 1 billion in assets."
"\"I don't know what the hell I'm going to do, but I'm going to try and do something,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services to customers in the UK and Ireland."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past week."
"\"We have to make sure that we are not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to a party and have a drink,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was so excited because I had never read it before."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing to have a woman in the White House,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in the industry and I think that's what we're doing."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next two years."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Syria since March 2015, but the group has not been able to launch a major offensive in Iraq since 2014."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital in a stable condition."
"\"I think we're going to have a very different team this year, and I think we're going to have a very different culture,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28, while shares of Apple fell 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 29."
"The new rules, which are expected to be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The report also found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with cancer in the past year was down from a year earlier."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 28. 25 in afternoon trading."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, and that it was working with the government to develop the technology."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"I think it's important for us to be able to play with confidence and to be able to play with a lot of confidence in the game."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 20, or 2. 6 percent, to $ 17. 50 on Wednesday."
"The company said it had been \"very clear \"that it was not going to be able to provide the same level of support to the NHS as it did to the private sector."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new school, which will be funded by the state."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17, the highest since the company's shares were trading at $ 1. 18 in mid- November."
"I'm not sure what the point of the game is, but I'm going to try and get the ball in my hands."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was working with the authorities to ensure the safety of its customers."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that are at the heart of the debate,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"with the results, which it said had helped it to improve its business."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 18 in afternoon trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent on Wednesday."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book and make sure you have it in the right place."
"The company's shares rose 2. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he could help me."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while its shares fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue charges against the two men, who were arrested in the United States on suspicion of terrorism- related crimes."
"The government has also said it will not be able to provide the money to the families of those killed in the attack."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government to sell the property, but it has not yet received a formal offer."
"The company said it had been \"very clear \"that it would not be taking any action against the company's employees."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and would continue to monitor the situation closely."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing for us is to get a win here and then we can go into the playoffs,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm not going to be a part of that,\" he said."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child,\" he said, adding that he was not sure if he would have been able to afford the care he needed."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 1. 17, or $ 1. 21, in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next five years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 15 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in early trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on a contract to build a new nuclear power station in the UK."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 17. 30 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose more than 2 percent on Friday, but fell less than 1 percent in the wake of the announcement."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began in early August."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to the private sector unless it is approved by the council."
"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a baby, but it's a good thing to have a baby in a hospital."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and are trading at $ 1. 21, up $ 1. 21 from a week earlier."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a leader, but I'm going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 14. 50 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent in early trading."
"I don't know how to explain it, but I think it's a very good thing."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 11. 65 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing I did was to ask the man who was in the car to come out and see me."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to identify the man, who was not identified, and that it would not release any further information."
"\"I think it's important to understand that we're not going to be able to do it alone,\" he said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was \"very proud \"of the decision."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will be delivered in the next few weeks."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me, and she did."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple's stock fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but it was not clear if it would be sold."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 6. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were implemented in a way that would help the industry."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I do know that I'm not going to be able to do it,\" she said."
"The first thing I did was to ask the manager if I could come and see him and see him and see if he could help me."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria since the group began its offensive in the country in 2014."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me and she did, and she said she was going to come and see me."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 46, or 1. 3 percent, to $ 46. 45 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company reported its fourth- quarter results."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of your life,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and get a blood test, and I was told that I would be fine."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm a bad person, but I'm not going to say that I'm a bad person,\" he said."
"\"We have a lot of people who are in the business of making money, but we don't have a lot of people who are in the business of making money,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be able to do it in a way that's not just a matter of time,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The first thing you have to do is to be aware of what you're doing and what you're doing in the moment."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for several years and was confident the project would be completed by the end of this year."
"The first thing I did was to get the car to the right position, and then I went back to the car and got the engine running again."
"The first thing you have to do is to get the right balance of the ball and that's what we've done."
"I'm not sure how much of a difference it is to be a woman in the industry, but it's a huge difference."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 18 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent in early trading on Monday."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Friday, and its shares were down 2. 5 percent on Thursday."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government to sell the property, but the deal fell through last year."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21 in after- hours trading."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm going to be watching him,\" he said."
"I think the best thing for me is to be able to play in the Premier League and be able to play in the Champions League and be able to play in the Champions League."
"The first thing I would say to him is that he's a great guy and I'm sure he'll be a great guy for the next few years."
"The first thing we need to do is to get the right balance of the game and the right balance of the players."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 11. 14 in afternoon trading on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The report said the number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including the Chinese government, and that it had raised $ 2. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a \"full accounting \"of the costs of the project, which is expected to cost about $ 1 billion."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a baby, but I'm not going to be a mum,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 17. 30 on Wednesday, its biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 4 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 percent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Facebook Inc. com were down 1. 4 percent and 1. 5 percent, respectively."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for more than a year and had been told it would be closed."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to be in a group, but I'm not going to be in a group,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain in nearly a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 17. 65 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's stock fell 1. 1 per cent in mid- October."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company reported a loss of $ 1. 18 in the third quarter of 2015."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do anything until I'm 100 percent,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not going to be a bad thing,\" he said."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 20 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 1 per cent in early trading on Monday."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important for the players to know that they have to be prepared for that and that's what we've done,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares rose more than 1 percent in the third quarter of 2015."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to do that and to be able to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be delivered in the next few years."
"The government has said it is committed to a \"fair and open \"vote in the referendum on whether to leave the EU."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the first phase of the new rules will be introduced in the spring, meaning that the first year will be the first year of the new rules."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people in work from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million is a major blow to the economy."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 20, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue of the new contract but was not ready to discuss the details."
"The report says that the number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than 50 per cent since the 1980s."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of your life,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a very important thing for the country to know that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine how the data could be used."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 17. 60 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 2 per cent in early trading."
"\"I think it's a shame that the government is not doing more to help the disabled,\" she said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to do this in the future,\" he said."
"The company said the number of people who had been affected by the virus had increased by more than 50 per cent over the past year."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its employees."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after a disappointing quarter."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to get a lot of the things that we need to do in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"I'm not sure what the impact of that is, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the next president of the United States,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to do that in the next few years,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"We're going to be able to do that in the next few weeks,\" he said, adding that the company is also working on a new product."
"The first thing we do is we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and we look at the data and"
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 28 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of the government's biggest bank rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the club,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"We have to be careful, because we have to be careful about what we say and do,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that are at the heart of this election,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and get a blood test and I was told I was not going to be able to play."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the deal, but the government has not yet approved it."
"The first thing I would do is to get a good look at the game and see what we can do to help us win."
"The government's announcement came as the European Commission said it would review the deal and the European Central Bank said it would raise interest rates again."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and I was told that I was not going to be able to go to the doctor."
"\"We're going to have to make sure that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League and I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to play in the Champions League."
"The company has been in talks with the government to sell the property, but has not yet been able to secure a deal."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Syria for years, but it has never been able to strike the group's headquarters in Iraq."
"The government has been criticised for not taking action to address the problem, and the government has been criticised for not taking action to address the problem, and the government has been criticised for not taking action to address the problem, and the government has"
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, and said it would continue to monitor the situation."
"The company said it was \"extremely disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal the decision."
"I think it's a very good thing that we're in a position where we can do that."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The government's announcement comes as the European Commission is investigating the way it deals with the issue of migrants arriving in the country."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Premier League,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a policy that's not working,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the demand for its services, which are often not available in the capital."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the group, which has been accused of targeting children in the past."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of 2017."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to make the most of what we have,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a baby, but I'm not going to be a mother for the rest of my life,\" she said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 30, or 2. 4 percent, to $ 1. 35 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other agencies to determine the exact circumstances of the crash."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The report said the government's plan to cut the number of people working in the industry by half was not enough to meet the needs of the workforce."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent."
"The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in a custody cell."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group since 2014, but the group has not been able to carry out attacks in the U. S. since then."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep up with the pace of the cuts, which will be announced in the coming weeks."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and that it was working with the police to investigate."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 11 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 11 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares fell more than 10 per cent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was confident it would be able to secure a deal."
"The company's shares fell 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Tuesday, their lowest level since the company's shares were trading at $ 1. 21 in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to cut its workforce by more than a third."
"The first thing I did was to ask my parents to come and visit me, and I didn't know what to expect."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17, while its shares fell 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play in the playoffs, but he's a good player,\" he said."
"The company has been in talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission since the election of Donald Trump."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention from the media,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the land to any company that is not a member of the European Union."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent on the news that the company was planning to close its doors."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"she said."
"The first time I went to the doctor I was so scared, I didn't know what was going to happen."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it was not clear if the deal would be completed before the end of the year."
"The first time I saw him was when he was in the middle of the second set, and I was really surprised by his reaction."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next few years."
"The company's stock rose 1. 6 percent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 11. 18 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, but it had to raise $ 1. 5 billion in order to get into the top 10."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager, and I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"The report said the number of people who had been affected by the virus in the past year was \"significantly higher \"than previously estimated."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government to build a new factory in the city but the deal was rejected."
"The U. S. has been on high alert since the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed at least 30 people."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has increased by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple fell 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the future holds for him, but I'm sure he'll be fine,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but the government has not yet decided whether to take action."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a policy that's not going to work,\" he said."
"\"It's a very good thing for the club to be able to have a good season,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and would be looking at the matter further."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that because we have to go through the process of the referendum,\" he said."
"\"I don't know what the hell he's doing, but I'm going to be watching,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard \"Brexit on the UK, but that it will not be a hard Brexit if Britain leaves the EU."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Tuesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"The report said the government's plan to cut the number of people in work from 1. 5 million to 1. 5 million would be a \"significant \"impact."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 2 billion in funding from investors and had raised $ 1. 5 billion in debt from investors."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that the U. S. was \"deeply concerned \"by the incident and urged the Syrian government to take immediate action."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"The government has said it will not be able to keep the money it has already spent on the project in the first half of this year."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House for eight years, has been a vocal supporter of Mr. Trump."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but the company has not yet announced when it will be ready to begin rolling out the new products."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a good coach,\" he said, adding that he would not be surprised if he was fired."
"The company said it had lost $ 1. 6 billion in the first quarter of 2016, compared with $ 1. 6 billion a year earlier."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"The new rules, which were introduced in October, will be introduced in the next few weeks and will be reviewed by the Health Secretary."
"The government's plan to raise the minimum wage to \u00a3 10 an hour from \u00a3 10. 50 is a major boost to the economy."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will be delivered in the first half of 2017."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the changes."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of children are protected."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 4 percent."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the possibility of a new contract for the next five years."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child, but I don't think it's a good thing to have a family,\" she said."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State since it began to spread its influence in Syria in 2014."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the necessary funding for the project, which is expected to cost around $ 1 billion."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group for years, but it has not been able to strike the group's main headquarters in Syria."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the new school, which will be built in the heart of the city."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent in the past year, the charity said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was \"very proud \"of the decision."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue, with some saying it was too slow."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of the public and its employees."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to be a part of the conversation,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm going to keep working hard,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in the past 12 months."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"The government is also planning to introduce a new law that would allow people to be fined for using social media to promote their own political views."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to monitor the situation."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 2. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the project was properly funded and that it would be able to continue to operate."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than half since the 1980s, the study authors said."
"\"We have to be careful about what we say, because we are not going to be able to say it,\" he said."
"\"I think the biggest thing is that we're going to have to do a lot more to get the right people in,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure the safety of its customers and staff, and that it was not responsible for any incidents."
"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world and what's going on in the world of the Democratic Party."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple's stock fell 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with a mental health problem increased from 1. 2 million in 2014 to 2. 1 million in 2015."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 17. 27 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been \"very clear \"that the company would not be taking any action against the company."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to do that in the next few weeks,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which will cost \u00a3 3. 5 million."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to a hospital where he was treated for minor injuries."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what's going on in the world, and what's going on in the world in the United States,\" he said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but it is unclear whether the new rules will apply to the new schools."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he had any symptoms."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I don't think it's a bad idea to have a child,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday after the company said it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was still negotiating with the authorities."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it was closing a $ 1 billion deal with a Chinese bank."
"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good squad and I think we can do that."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a child who is not a good parent,\" she said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple Inc. com were up 1. 6 per cent at $ 1. 28."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to go out and play and see what they can do,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and was looking at options for a new contract."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and had a $ 1. 5 billion goal in the first quarter of this year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a bad thing, but it's going to be a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products in the UK and Ireland, and would be able to offer a range of services in the UK."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do it again until he had a proper medical assessment."
"I don't think it's a bad thing for the players to be able to come back and play and play well."
"The first thing we have to do is to make sure that we have a good team and we have a good squad."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and charged with possession of a weapon."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about what we're doing and what we're doing to help people,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's important to be aware of it,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him was when I was a kid and I was so excited to see him."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue of the rights of its employees to the rights of its employees to work in the country."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The U. S. economy grew by 0. 4 percent in the third quarter, the fastest pace since the first quarter of 2015."
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people in the room and not have a lot of people in the room."
"The government has said it is not interested in a deal that would see the UK leave the European Union, but that it is willing to consider the possibility of a deal that would be better for the UK."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to worry about it,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Hillary Clinton."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 11. 60 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will apply to all new vehicles, regardless of the model."
"The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital where he remains in a critical condition."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 17. 30 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 17. 30 on Wednesday."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"The government's own figures show that the number of people who have been affected by the Zika virus has dropped by more than half since the outbreak began."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 21, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Facebook Inc. com were down 1. 3 per cent and 1. 2 per cent respectively."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get the blood pressure checked."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision to close the plant, which had been operating for more than a decade."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 25."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, which it said was in line with the company's long- term strategy."
"\"I think it's important to have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of spending $ 1. 5 billion a year on health care."
"The government's new strategy, which will be announced next month, will see the government introduce a new system of tax relief for the wealthy."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to go out and do it, but I'm going to do it,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child, but I don't want to have a child,\" she said."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Taliban for years, but the U. S. has never been able to strike them directly."
"I think it's a good thing to have a good team and I think it's a good thing to have a good team that can win games."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new school, which will be built in the next five years."
"The government is also trying to boost the number of people who can apply for benefits through the system, which is now in its third year."
"The U. S. Department of Justice has said it will not pursue criminal charges against the two men, who are being held in federal custody."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but had not yet decided on a date."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the people who are in charge of the economy are the people who are responsible for the economy,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard \"Brexit on the UK, but that it will not be a \"soft \"Brexit."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the club,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new contract, which will be announced next week."
"\"I think it's important that we have a conversation about the issues that we're dealing with,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, while shares of Apple Inc. and Google Inc. fell more than 1 percent."
"\"I think it's important to remember that we're not going to have a black president,\" he said."
"\"I think it's important to remember that the only way to make a difference is to make a difference,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Tuesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to have a good manager and a good manager in the manager,\" he said."
"\"I don't know how to describe it, but it's a very emotional thing,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I'm not going to change my mind,\" he said."
"The company said it had been working with the government to ensure that the new rules were implemented and that the new rules were in line with the EU's own rules."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of a Trump presidency."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to make it easier for people to buy and sell their home."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be funded by the EU budget."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Syria for years, and the U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for years."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet its target of 1. 5 million refugees by 2020."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in the early hours of the morning and charged with possession of a weapon."
"The new rules, which will be announced next month, will apply to all new customers, not just those who have already paid."
"The report said the number of people who had been affected by the virus in the past year was \"significantly higher \"than the previous year."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including private equity firms, and was working with the government on a plan to increase its workforce."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to improve the quality of its products and services."
"The first thing I did was to ask the man who was responsible for the fire to come forward and tell me what happened."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 percent to $ 1. 25 on Wednesday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"\"I think it's important to have a strong sense of community, and I think that's what we're seeing in the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Tuesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to identify those responsible."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was like, \"This is really good."
"The report said the number of people who had been infected with the virus in the past year was \"significantly higher \"than the previous year."
"\"We're not going to be able to do it in the next few months,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell by more than 10 per cent on Thursday, and its shares are down more than 20 per cent since the announcement."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next two years."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to be able to play in the Champions League,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been \"very pleased \"by the news, adding that it would continue to monitor the situation."
"The new rules, which were introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, are aimed at preventing the spread of the virus, which is spread by the same virus that killed 130 people in Paris last November."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 14 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, adding that it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its employees are protected."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, including a $ 1. 5 billion investment from Chinese investors."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do it,\" \"she said."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, but it is not clear whether the new rules will apply to the existing ones."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 21, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 28. 35 on Wednesday."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a \"hard \"Brexit on the UK, but it is unlikely to be able to do so without a referendum."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 11 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2017, but will not be implemented until 2018."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"time trial of the service in the UK, but it would not be able to offer a trial in the US."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the game to be able to have a little bit of a break,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a woman in the White House,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 25, or 1. 4 percent, to $ 28. 25 in afternoon trading."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and that it was confident it could get a deal."
"The government has also been criticised for failing to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I don't think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 46, or 0. 9 per cent, to $ 17. 21 in afternoon trading."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House since 2009, has been a vocal supporter of the president's agenda."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares fell more than 6 per cent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares fell more than 6 per cent"
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the authorities."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 20, while shares of Apple fell 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 17. 60 on Thursday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The government is also trying to convince the public that it is doing more to protect the environment than to protect the rich."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not the way I want to be,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local hospital and see if I could get a specialist."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading on Thursday."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by more than half."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new planes, which will cost about $ 1 billion."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"\"I don't think it's a bad thing to have a child who's not in the same boat as you,\" she said."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than a third since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I'm not going to be able to go to the doctor because I'm not going to be able to work,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission about the matter."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be a part of this."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 28, or 2. 5 percent, to $ 30. 60 on Thursday."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government for more than a year and was ready to take action if needed."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife to come and see me, and she did, and I was so happy."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide the money for the next five years, but it is expected to be able to do so by 2020."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and would be looking at the issue further."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new schools unless the new schools are built in the same way as the existing ones."
"The number of people who have been killed in the conflict has risen by more than half since the start of the year, according to UN figures."
"The new rules will be introduced in the autumn, with the first of its kind in the UK, in the autumn of 2015."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria for more than a year, but the group has not been able to launch a major attack in the Middle East."
"The government is also planning to introduce a new tax on the sale of alcohol to be introduced in England in the autumn."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies to help it secure the data."
"The company's shares fell more than 6 per cent on Monday, while the S & P 500 index fell more than 6 per cent."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to play the game in a way that we can be competitive,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 percent to $ 14. 21 on Thursday, the best performance since the company's shares were down 1. 6 percent in early trading on Thursday."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not the only one who's been affected."
"The company said it was \"very disappointed \"by the decision and that it would appeal."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, while the S & P 500 index gained 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"limited \"service to customers who had not yet made the trip."
"The company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 17 on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 5 per cent at $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 17 in after- hours trading."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for a year and a half, but had not yet decided whether to appeal."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it."
"The new rules, which were introduced in April, will apply to all new vehicles sold in the UK for the next five years."
"\"I'm not sure what the point of this is, but I think it's important to understand that this is a very serious issue,\" he said."
"\"We're going to be in a position where we're going to be able to make a decision on the next president,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demands of the EU, which has been a key player in the negotiations."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on the issue and would be looking at the issue again in the coming months."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing."
"The first thing I did was to go to the hospital and I was told that I was going to be taken to the hospital for treatment."
"The government is also trying to boost the number of people who can apply for benefits from the scheme, which is free of charge."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the players to know that they can be part of the team,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new trains, which will be delivered in the first half of 2017."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the US Federal Trade Commission for more than a year and that it would be ready to take action."
"The report said the government's response to the crisis has been to increase the number of police officers on the streets, but this has not been enough."
"\"We are not going to be able to do that without the support of the people of the state,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's a bad thing for the country,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 11. 18 in afternoon trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company announced its plans to cut its workforce in the second quarter."
"The government's decision to cut the number of people who can apply for asylum in the country from one million to one million is a blow to the refugee crisis."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"I've been in the business for a long time and I've never seen anything like this."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the possibility of a deal, but that it was not ready to discuss the details."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a system that's not working,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the new schools, which will be built in the next two years."
"The first thing I did was to ask my wife what she thought of the idea of a Trump presidency."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased from 1. 5 million in the year to March to 2. 5 million in the year to March."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a cap on the number of refugees it can accept from Turkey."
"The company said it would be \"extremely disappointed \"if the government did not act to protect the rights of its workers."
"The new rules will be introduced on Monday, and will be introduced in the first week of February, the company said."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 16, or 2. 6 percent, to $ 18. 99 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to the Royal Perth Hospital."
"The company said it would be able to offer a \"more affordable \"service to the public, but it would not be able to offer a service that would be available to the private sector."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company announced it would cut its workforce by half."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools until the new schools are built."
"The U. S. State Department has said it is working with the Syrian government to help it fight the militants."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project, but the government has not approved the project."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action against the practice, which has been widely condemned by rights groups."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not going to be able to do it in a day,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be voting for Donald Trump."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision, which it said was \"a positive step \"in the right direction."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent on Friday, and are trading at $ 1. 21, up from $ 1. 18 a year ago."
"\"I think it's important that we get the right people in the right places, and that's what we've done,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it was not clear if the government would take action."
"\"I don't know if he's going to be able to play, but I'm sure he'll be able to play,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next few years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18, while its shares fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone without a licence, which means it is illegal to sell it."
"\"I think it's important for us to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good team, but I don't think it's a good thing to have a bad team,\" he said."
"\"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing,\" he said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see more women in the leadership role."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The first thing I did was to ask my mother if she could come and see me."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in the first quarter of this year, up from $ 1. 6 billion in the previous quarter."
"The company said it was working with the U. S. Department of Justice to determine whether it should be fined."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 percent to $ 1. 17, the highest since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company announced it would close its doors in January."
"The company's shares rose 2. 5 per cent to $ 17. 46 on Thursday, their biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if he was OK and then I went to the hospital."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent on Thursday, while the S & P 500 index rose 1. 3 percent."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion in funding from investors, but it had not yet made a profit."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"\"I'm not sure what the future holds for me, but I'm happy to be here,\" he said."
"\"I don't think we've got a good idea of what we're going to do,\" he said."
"\"I think the best thing for me is to get out there and play and get the opportunity to play,\" he said."
"The report said the number of people who had been killed or injured in the conflict has increased by more than half since the start of the conflict in 2011."
"\"I don't think it's a good idea to have a woman president,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The government has said it wants to increase the number of people who can apply for asylum in the country, but has not yet decided how many."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out in the autumn."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would not be able to do the same thing in the future."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 14. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 5 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent at $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index was down 1. 1 per cent at $ 1. 17."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 14 in after- hours trading."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs, and that it will not be able to afford the extra staff."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we have a strong team and we have a good squad,\" he said."
"\"It's a very difficult thing to do, but I think it's a good thing to do,\" he said."
"The first time I saw him was when he was in the middle of a fight and I thought he was going to die."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're doing this, because it's a good thing for the community to know that we're doing this,\" he said."
"The company said it had raised $ 1. 5 billion from investors in the first quarter of this year, and it expects to raise $ 3 billion in the second quarter."
"The company said it would be \"very disappointed \"if the UK did not take action against the company, which is based in the US."
"The U. S. State Department said in a statement that it was \"deeply concerned \"by the attack and that it was working with the Iraqi government to investigate."
"The company's shares fell more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Tuesday, after the company said it would cut its workforce by about 1, 500 workers."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 per cent over the last year, the charity said."
"The first lady, who has been in the White House since 2009, has been a vocal supporter of Trump's campaign."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the government."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its employees are protected."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. State Department about the matter."
"\"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a conversation about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The government has been criticised for failing to address the issue of the lack of affordable housing in the city, which has been a key focus of the campaign."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government to make the change, but the government has not yet agreed."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the extra costs of the new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn."
"The company has been in talks with the government since the summer, but it has yet to sign a contract with the government."
"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing to be a woman in the business."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to establish the cause of the crash and was working with the authorities to identify the driver."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to the Olympics, but I'm not going to go,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in talks with the government on a deal to build a new headquarters in the city."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with cancer has increased by more than 50 per cent since the 1980s."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than 50 per cent over the last five years."
"\"I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose any new rules on the industry, but the move could be seen as a way to boost the economy."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products in the UK, including a range of phones, computers and other devices."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people you're working with,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new school, which will be built in the next two years."
"The new rules, which will be introduced next year, will be introduced in the UK and the US, and will apply to all EU citizens."
"I'm not sure how much I'd be able to do without it, but I'm sure I'd be better off."
"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a leader, but I'm not going to be a leader in the way that I've been in the past."
"The company said it had been working with the government on a plan to reduce the number of people who could be affected by the changes."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 18, while shares of Apple fell 1. 1 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the new planes, which will be delivered in the next few months."
"I think we have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in the media, because we don't want to be seen as being negative."
"The new rules, which were introduced in the wake of the Paris attacks, will apply to all refugees who arrive in Europe by boat."
"\"We're going to be working with the government to make sure that we're not going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2016 and will be implemented by the end of 2017."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 17. 60 on Thursday, its biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The company's shares rose more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in after- hours trading on Wednesday, after the company's shares were down more than 1 percent in"
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same level of attention as we should,\" he said."
"The first thing I did was to go to the doctor and see if I could get a blood test."
"The number of people who have been diagnosed with the disease has increased by more than 10 per cent since the 1980s, the report said."
"The new rules will apply to all new members, regardless of their membership status, and will apply to all new members who have been registered for membership for at least six months."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who is not a resident of the area."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission about the issue, but did not have a firm date."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 32, or 2. 6 percent, to $ 17. 25 in afternoon trading."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next two years."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next five years."
"\"I think it's a good thing to have a good relationship with the people who are in the business,\" he said."
"The government has been criticised for failing to take action to address the problem, with some saying it was too slow."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to do that,\" he said, adding that he would like to see a \"more open \"European Union."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 per cent to $ 1. 28, while the S & P 500 index gained 0. 8 per cent to $ 1. 17."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Google Inc."
"The first thing I did was to go to the local police station and ask them to check on me."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, the biggest gain since the company's first- quarter loss of $ 1. 35."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that in a way that I can't do in a way that I can do in the future,\" he said."
"The first thing you have to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not the only one who's been affected."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The government's announcement comes as the government is set to announce a new plan to tackle the problem of child abuse in schools."
"\"I think it's important to be able to say, \"I'm not going to do this,\" \"she said."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get the same level of support from the public,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of $ 1. 6 billion for the first year of the deal."
"\"I think it's a good thing for the club to be able to say, \"We're going to do this,\" \"he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the cost of the new facilities, which will be built in the next five years."
"\"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a conversation with someone who's not a fan of the show,\" he said."
"The government is also expected to announce a new policy to ensure that all refugees who arrive in Europe are sent back to their home countries."
"The company said it had been working with the authorities to establish the cause of the crash and that it had been working with the police to establish the cause of the crash."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria for years, but the group has never been able to strike the U. S. directly."
"The government has said it will not be able to pay for the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The U. S. has been bombing Islamic State in Syria since 2014, but the group has not claimed responsibility for the attacks."
"\"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that,\" he said."
"The new rules, which will be introduced in the autumn, will be introduced in the autumn of 2017, and will be introduced in the autumn of 2018."
"The report said the number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than 50 percent since the outbreak began."
"The company's shares rose 1. 3 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are in charge of the economy are not the people who are going to make the decisions,\" he said."
"The new law, which will apply to all EU citizens, will be introduced on the first day of the new parliament, which is due to be held on 23 March."
"The government's plan to cut the number of people in the labour force by half is a major blow to the economy."
"The report said the government had failed to take into account the impact of the Brexit vote on the economy and the impact of the referendum on the economy."
"The government has said it will not seek to impose a new contract on the company, which is already under investigation."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is expected to survive."
"\"I think it's important to understand that the people who are in the middle of the action are not the ones who are going to be the ones who are going to be the most affected,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to say to the people who have been waiting for me to come out is thank you."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm not going to be a leader, but I'm not going to be a leader,\" he said."
"The company's shares were down 1. 8 per cent at $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their lowest level in nearly a year."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and was taken to hospital with non- life- threatening injuries."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 6 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the target of $ 1. 5 billion for the next five years."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue and was looking at ways to improve the situation."
"The first thing we have to do is to make sure that the people who are in charge of the system are not going to be able to do that."
"\"We have to be very careful about what we say, because we don't want to be seen as a party that's going to be in trouble,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 17, while shares of Apple fell 1. 2 per cent to $ 1. 18."
"The company said it would be able to offer a range of products and services to customers in the UK, including in the UK and Ireland."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was committed to working with the government to ensure the rights of its customers were protected."
"The company's shares rose 1. 8 per cent to $ 1. 20, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Facebook Inc. com were down 1. 3 per cent and 1. 2 per cent respectively."
"\"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the nominee, but I'm going to be the nominee,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet the demand for the new contract until the end of the year."
"The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to a local hospital where he died."
"The company has been in talks with the government for more than a year, but has yet to get a response from the government."
"The government has said it will not be able to provide a guarantee that the money will be used for the \"right \"of the people."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government on the issue, but it has not yet decided whether to pursue the case."
"The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book and I was so excited because I had never read it before."
"\"I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 6 percent to $ 1. 17, while shares of the U. S. government's largest bank rose 1. 4 percent."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to have a child in the first place,\" she said."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the project for a year, but had not yet decided whether to build the facility."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government and the European Commission, but did not expect to be able to sign the agreement."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25 on Tuesday, their biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 2. 3 per cent to $ 1. 21 on Tuesday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new system, which will be rolled out over the next few years."
"The company's shares rose 1. 2 per cent to $ 11. 25 in afternoon trading on Thursday."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get the same level of support from the community,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 25, while shares of Apple Inc. com rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28."
"\"I think it's a shame that we're not able to get the same level of support from the community,\" he said."
"I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but I think it's a good thing."
"\"I'm not going to say I'm going to be a Republican, but I'm going to be a Democrat,\" he said."
"The company said it would be able to pay the $ 1. 5 billion in fines it had been ordered to pay in the case."
"The company's shares rose more than 6 percent in after- hours trading on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's shares were down 2. 5 percent in early trading on Wednesday."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's a very bad thing,\" he said."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the costs of the new schools, which will be funded by the state."
"The number of people who have been affected by the virus has increased by more than half since the outbreak began in March, the health ministry said."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it was \"very proud \"of the decision to close the plant."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the ruling and would appeal the decision to the Supreme Court."
"The company said it had been working with the government on the issue for some time and that it would be working with the European Commission on the issue."
"The U. S. has been bombing the Islamic State group since 2014, when it declared a state of emergency."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new system, which will cost up to $ 1. 5 billion."
"The first thing you need to do is to get your head around the fact that you're not going to be able to do it."
"\"I don't know if it's a good idea to go to the doctor and have a baby,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,\" he said."
"\"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing,\" he said."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 14. 60 on Wednesday, their biggest gain since the company's shares were down 1. 9 per cent in early trading on Wednesday."
"The government has said it will not allow the sale of the property to anyone who has not been convicted of a crime."
"The company's shares rose 1. 5 per cent to $ 1. 28, while shares of Apple Inc. com and Facebook Inc. com were down 1. 2 per cent."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Thursday, the biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company said it was \"very pleased \"by the decision and said it would continue to work with the government to ensure the rights of its customers were protected."
"I don't think it's a bad idea to have a policy that's going to make people feel better about themselves."
"The company's shares rose $ 1. 6, or 2. 6 percent, to $ 44. 30 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The government has said it will not be able to meet its target of spending $ 1. 7 billion on defence by 2020."
"The company's shares rose 1. 9 per cent to $ 1. 17 on Tuesday, its biggest gain in more than a year."
"The company's shares rose 1. 4 per cent to $ 1. 18 on Thursday, the biggest gain since the company's first quarter of 2015."
"The report said the government had not yet decided whether to introduce a new law to protect the rights of migrants."
"\"I'm not going to be a part of that,\" he said, adding that he would not be voting for Trump."
"The company's shares fell by more than 20 per cent on the news that the government had approved a deal to build a new nuclear power plant."
"\"I'm not going to say it's going to be a disaster, but it's going to be a disaster,\" he said."
"The first thing I want to do is to make sure that we're not going to have a situation where we're not going to be able to do what we want to do."
"The company's shares rose 2. 4 per cent to $ 18. 28 in morning trading on Thursday."
"The company said it had been in discussions with the government about the project for a number of years but had not yet decided whether to pursue it."
"The government has said it will not be able to afford the cost of the new trains, which will be built in the next two years."
