"But on the anti- hard right, the notion of a \"national \"national party is not what we were looking for."
"That was 10 times the number last year, but still a job that only paid $ 15 an hour."
"It is a different area of play this week, and the Rangers plan to challenge for every win."
"But the use of this technique is still very popular, some people have been working with it for as long as I can remember."
"The A. B. R. V. was not particularly popular when she was young, but now she's big enough to be of much use."
"But because a lot of the delegates in California are not... because they have not seen a candidate and not even brought it up."
"The BBC noted this week that it had cut its traditional voice- over advertising business to an asset in recent years."
"In each of the three cases for which data was available, the air bag placed the patient on \"co- use \"high."
"The government announced on Tuesday that it had agreed to help continue to provide tens of thousands of Syrian refugees into Europe, allowing it to fill 600, 000 jobs."
"The terror group has repeatedly claimed responsibility for acts of violence and acts against tourists and refugees, which are not known to police."
"On Tuesday, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt announced the review of the draft rules aimed at ensuring that the needs of the current workforce are met."
"There are few scientists with the social skills, but much of the public knowledge is available on internet- based short- term psychological treatments."
"\"We don't know the context behind a gun sold in Syria, or what caused it to be found in that city,\" he said."
"As well as fighting crime and maintaining safety, cyber security is also essential to prevent a nuclear attack and stress- reduction efforts."
"\"As soon as he learned about the incident, he did what anybody would do- walk to the door and say'take my cup,\" she said."
"I will take the next few days and then I will make decisions,\" the then- 22- year- old told ABC News."
"\"You find the sense that your very good voice, you can never speak to another person without hearing and hearing alone,\" he said."
"I don't want to take that away from them, that was good decision by the board but we have got to sort it out."
"He added:'The problem for us is in not being able to do anything for them."
"A panel appointed by Mr King in April could be formally appointed in the course of planning the next state referendum, though any details are not expected to be announced until March."
"The Cubs, making the World Series in 2017, are right at a peak in the season."
"In London, it is the only major location in the country where a self- driving car is allowed to work in a three- mile car park."
"I think it was only in 2010 that his second album came out and his third album came out and we made our own record."
"He's played the defensive line well, he'll be working really hard at his first year and that's a different group than last year."
"We're going to miss them all, it's just going to get better from there."
"A senior Chinese official in Hong Kong said China has told the UN that such activities were now illegal under international humanitarian law."
"Although he denied having taken part in the December 2015 attacks, he says he did have \"one very significant threat \"come the end of 2015."
"But I wouldn't say the performance was what it's made it out to be, just like I wouldn't say my father was either."
"They are sure to have an effect, even though some experts suggest it would be too late for any man to make it work."
"By creating that evidence on her own, she could follow and develop that case if she so chose."
"I was born and raised here in Michigan, so if there is a place I want to go, Michigan is where I want to go."
"For all of his police work and for the last few years I think he did a fair amount of it over the past couple of years."
"If he does well, especially on his way to scoring the many goals he needs to, and with his popularity in Germany, it's possible he could hold a seat on the bench for a minimum of 20 years."
"The bad news is that I will have to return to work, in a few days my chance will be in the hands of my family."
"'I told my mum he was in so much pain, I'd told her I'd hit him to save my life,' says one passenger."
"The Reserve Board has cut interest rates on the benchmark Australian real rate, but another single- term rate cut on Tuesday would hurt the economy in another way."
"The child has not been identified and the driver of the vehicle is in hospital with life- threatening injuries."
"When I'm doing those types of things, it's very difficult and very expensive, and I will be unable to do those things."
"He adds that when the tax authorities spoke to the driver- and was told he had just left- \"there was no return address \"the officer stated."
"It would be a fun team, there is so much talent there, and the goal is to win."
"It's a money- maker, like the one that made him famous at this place."
"In a letter to Mr. Putin, Mr. Sanders urged Mr. Trump to reach an agreement on ways to improve ties with Cuba."
"In fact, this is what the response has been like since the book was first posted, when millions of viewers were granted access."
"To be clear, the Canadian government wants the U. S. to respect that our interests are in free trade with Canada."
"The bank says it has seen a 25% drop in activity on Wall Street since the crisis began, including in its largest European trading division."
"It says: \"From June 13th we will be re- launching our pilots who will take a new role to help our passengers stay engaged while providing them with an exciting start."
"The announcement made by then Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Premier Campbell Jackson will mean a campaign to clear a path for students to stay in Europe in the next four years will be launched."
"However, Cruz stuck with his stance that, given how badly Hillary Clinton was going to perform at the U. S. Senator's request, the senator would take a stand."
"It's absolutely fantastic and it's the first time I've been to this stage in my career."
"It has been an \"easy job \"but the uncertainty about the economy has led people to question the future of the NHS."
"It is a brutal experience for many to do it, having been on a building block which means you don't know where you're going until you sit in the kitchen."
"But his momentum can be taken away as he starts up again against the National Football League at Melbourne on Monday."
"But among those affected the average starting annual cost of $ 4, 800 for parents, while for all children, the difference was $ 13, 700."
"She said:'I had never seen a baby in a wet field before and I was just so scared it didn't move."
"It would allow me to be self- sufficient, and that's my starting point in life and the end of my life."
"You know, everybody is entitled to their own opinion, and when you do something, there's going to be a change and change doesn't happen overnight."
"I may have got really good and maybe I should have done a little bit better, but not just to win against her, to start in, go head- to- head with her."
"If you live in London and you know what London is like, there are few things to see and do there."
"The pound is also expecting a further delay of the return to February with higher house prices and the likely resignation of the Bank of England, said analysts."
"Kasich, who would serve as the Republican candidate for president, did not provide a specific list of those people."
"He has scored 11 goals in his last four games with Atlanta, but scored two more goals in the process for New York's 3- 1 victory over Philadelphia on Wednesday."
"\"People don't like to be told that you're not getting anything out of their contract,\" said one consultant."
"Then, in March 2014, he was arrested and charged with second- degree murder, a murder that prosecutors were unable to prove."
"Since the vote, Hollande has said that he would meet with Putin at the next meeting of his security cabinet, as he struggles to secure security in NATO member states like Britain."
"Mr Anderson said: \"The FA were very clear the free- to- air operation in hospital would provide no real benefit."
"The market only has him here in June and, with lots of rounds of rugby scheduled for 2019, he can play Test cricket."
"This might seem like a blow to the Rangers in the first round of the playoffs, but it's something that you need to work on each week."
"\"We don't even know if it's a sex act, it's just another email,\" she said."
"For me, this is the game and I have the right to take responsibility for my decisions and this must be given to the father who caused me to miss this club."
"These women said they were made aware of the inquiry's findings and refused to be contacted by the Independent."
"Police in Florida are investigating a 35- year- old man who apparently shot his own wife in the head while she tried to call for help."
"The value added from the service is being kept below market expectations, with the market outlook for June showing a year- on- year decline of 1. 9 per cent."
"He was visiting with a group of friends the next day, which was followed by a meeting in the pub of an out- of- door theatre about a week later."
"His holiday house could have, for instance, been spent building something or staying at a bad bank in the hope of making you rich."
"People get really angry and for him to come down in front of a few hundred people, you know, I can't believe it."
"I think all that got out the way of me coming into the game after that, but now everything's looking good."
"In fact, after her defeat, she went on to do a decade- long tour of recording, some of which fell into the hands of her friends."
"President- elect Donald Trump has repeatedly said that he would try to boost manufacturing jobs by firing more than 100, 000 of them."
"In those cases, voters- perhaps particularly non- self- identified Democrats- have taken a long, hard look at a ballot measure that might be good for them."
"I'm not concerned, just ready for another Champions League now, whether my fitness levels are up, the work in progress."
"She has praised a number of ISIS fighters for their actions in the fight for Mosul and for their support of his policies in Libya."
"\"I don't take advice from Scottish ministers,\" the minister said, and said he expected ministers to follow a \"we need change \"policy."
"\"These comments about my dress were not aimed at me, there was no contact that could be made,\" she said."
"Under the deal, the government hopes to raise around 2 billion euros ($ 2. 6 billion) for a transition of roads across Greece."
"If you take a high- price index fund- selling for $ 5 per share and sell off a market share portfolio, it's about 5 per cent of its portfolio."
"If you work in government or business, or in your family, have a major job, and your family can afford it, you don't earn a lot of money."
"We've added another 13 of these so far so you've got to worry about losing that quality at a young age."
"\"To think this poor shooting department is treated like it's some kind of joke is... wrong,\" said the museum's chief."
"I don't think they are particularly worried by Brexit but they certainly do view the way they are looking at it in terms of what is being made possible and when we take our own decisions we want to follow their advice."
"As far as I know, no one has ever suggested that it was a political agreement to shut down the part of the stream."
"A group of 67 Conservative MPs today cast doubt on the BBC's plans for greater investment in free school holidays."
"\"If we can secure a deal where there is no fear of sanctions, the use of an actual border will be temporary,\" the U. S. official said."
"They have to be able to help their patients and help them travel faster and through the point at which the brain begins to pick them up."
"We don't really know what they're doing, or even whether we can contact them, but we have a feeling this is one they've been there for centuries."
"In June, the United Nations called for an end to heavy drinking and drug use in Cuba, where the highest number of cocaine deaths occur."
"Instead of doing it with actors, they filmed themselves in their bedroom- sometimes the other things that are the central event of the film."
"\"Every day you wake up in a world of ads, all the time you don't have enough food to eat,\" he says."
"So it's time for this week's big down- in- house UK leaders to see if the chances of a third or fourth election are truly up."
"\"Our [ business ] hosts are for us ; it's only a few hundred dollars, so we've built the infrastructure to deal with them,\" she said."
"New York State law requires parties to file returns for eight years with the Commission and four for four years."
"But it was enough to convince them to live in a comfortable, two- story building next to the offices for her parents- a building far more modest than all the hotels and restaurants within a 10- mile stretch of the centre."
"Police confirmed the woman was the owner of the apartment and she had been left with no support after her dog attacked her."
"\"After four years, and just a matter of time, they aren't leaving in the trucks,\" she said."
"It's worth paying attention to what you do and what you eat because just like any time in life, it will come true."
"\"It's true there's a big difference between what we did last year and what we did the year before,\" he said."
"To be president- elect of the United States would be a career decision and I think the club is already looking forward to a challenging life as president."
"The data showed women earning under $ 60, 000 a year or below received 20. 5 percent of the state's per month wages, compared with about 19. 7 per cent for men, the study says."
"\"I have been to Syria in this number of four days, so this can be a difficult four days but the thing I really have to do now is create a ceasefire,\" he said."
"But he added: \"The Russians came to our assistance in a very serious way but we were still far from what we needed."
"And by trying to ask voters if they trust Trump and Clinton, the latter having a tough time with the former- that is the opposite of what she wants to hear."
"Instead, he chose to test himself, which is what happens when you let a problem stand in the way of your career."
"It's definitely a good team and you win, and for me, it's the same as I played in England."
"U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who addressed the conference, said he hoped to highlight a common aim to save human lives."
"While there are a couple of candidates, just like there have been for years, there's no prospect of a candidate coming out of it like that."
"I am delighted for the players, for me and I'm so proud of the guys for fighting back at the end."
"The group wants to re- open U. S. government offices in Italy, Turkey, France and other European countries so visitors from Africa can reach them there."
"I've never done that before and it just seemed to go away,\" he said during a live conversation with the AFL Media club in January last year."
"It's not good either for us, but it's good for the club, too."
"He also said:'Every single person who's had this experience knows that there's a tiny toll on the person taking that first hit."
"The 40- year- old's funeral is to be held in September at a location nearby in the city of Mosul."
"I'm very disappointed at some of the rules, but on my behalf I think it's fair to speak to everyone at the club."
"Mr Turnbull's biggest issue with the \"clothes on \"gig scheme is that it's seen as a failure."
"Just a few weeks ago, almost as soon as I went to talk to her, we came out and said that this might have been a chance to see her two days before."
"But the new Scottish Government must work with the UK Government on a separate plan for the final date of the referendum to enable both sides to find the support they need."
"I don't expect to see a Trump as good as Marco Rubio, but I expect the same of his cabinet."
"The Perth club are in danger of losing their bid for a top flight title after losing the contracts of two of their captain's players."
"This is in sharp contrast with a survey last month by the Australian Public Health Association, which found 27 per cent of young people voted in favour of free movement."
"He did not live there but his sister was in the unit when she had to move out of a gang unit."
"There have been concerns about what effect leaving the EU will have on anti- Brexit campaigners, and plenty of concerns about what campaigners say are being ignored by voters."
"He cannot expect his party to win the majority of the seats required to survive in next year's parliamentary elections."
"I'm going to tell you what I would say to someone after a while, because I wouldn't get them to come back because they're on drugs."
"So it was a situation where I had the team off but I wasn't really used to going through a lot."
"But how is one involved in something that should go beyond simply protecting the rights of the child, such as the right to bear arms?"
"It says everything has been tested and found to be safe and good, and says there are now no serious health risks with using it."
"But it seems unlikely that our current solution to the challenge of energy poverty will ever end, unless we remove the ones who work hard and work hard."
"The Giants played Saturday night, though they were not at home for several days, and were scheduled to play the Chicago Cubs for the sixth straight year."
"It's something he would want to share with his family and I will keep an eye on it as it comes to me."
"It may be that children have become increasingly attracted to the images and heard their voices and we are always encouraging them to open up."
"Because at a few points you go: \"You don't know, what happened is what you need to know."
"In 2000, they won in the upper house of parliament with a margin of 36 per cent to 17. 4 per cent in the referendum."
"What is clear is that this cycle of increasing demand means new signs have to be put in place to support growth."
"There have been several safety fears over the past two years and the driver of the vehicle was not, police confirmed."
"If there are only three children in the family then you've got a tough family to tackle,\" she said."
"A new report has revealed that foreign fighters making gains in Libya have provided jobs to migrant workers there."
"The service also offers \"kill zone \"a $ 15- per- mile limit on every stop, but more expensive in places where there is parking."
"Cameron is refusing to commit to further increases, instead arguing Britain's current rate of growth- which is below its full population- is too strong and should be reduced, the deputy prime minister says."
"I have found that, if I'm also working my heart out and giving it every bit of energy, I can achieve success."
"The national barrier is smaller than it is in Australia, it's not like here,\" he said, adding he was surprised by the overall increase."
"But Mr Hunt did not seek to take Mr Smith's side and added it is appropriate to be concerned about the possibility that another career agent might be using her to do some creative work in whatever ways they see fit."
"He had been attending a party when he and his friends found the missile and were advised by someone they did not know to come forward."
"Trump has argued that most regulations were written long before the Civil Rights Act, and that he is the first sitting president since the birth of the white man."
"To me, what's really important is that there is a first election of the popular vote."
"All of these factors are driven by men, especially among women, the researchers said, as well as the age and wealth of their families."
"As well as making her mother consider divorce from her, the 19- year- old is planning to switch from acting to science in the coming months."
"Our belief is that there will be some very close access countries like Australia and New Zealand who will be able to do it for a while."
"We just needed to get out there and do everything we could to get the ball in the right places for our back four."
"\"There are [ some ] kids just not getting [ the money ] when the real [ money ] goes to the government,\" he said."
"They were the first real highlight from Sanders'17 race-- he won all but one of the states that he won-- and the closest two polls even suggested Clinton was in the lead."
"If I don't feel like I can go on about it and get over it, then I will say it's time to come back,\" he said."
"The increasing poverty of our youth seems to reflect the fact that the worst part of the job is getting young people out of it."
"I knew they were going to play here because that is the town and you can play in here to go to movies with my friends who have an apartment there."
"The top three in December, this time down to 2. 7 per cent, were the lowest- beaten last time they closed at 1. 8 per cent."
"In the second quarter of this year the economy expanded by a combined 0. 6 per cent, pushing the unemployment rate into the thousands."
"That's been so important in our mind- set to learn how to put together the speech at this week's Democratic National Convention."
"All 12 members of the United Nations Security Council are going out on strike, according to UN officials, while others are being detained."
"According to a 2015 federal report, 80 per cent of applications for U. S. college degrees were rejected in 2014."
"When she got to India she worked in a bar and earned a bit of money but realised she had no income, went to college and left."
"Since 2013 there have been no changes in her position as she has a \u00a3 85, 000 bonus on the final day of her start."
"But Mr. Edwards said all Americans should know more about the matter if they are concerned about other people's politics."
"And I'm confident that my game plan will work as long as possible, because I'm from Los Angeles, I feel like it's important."
"If you haven't got any luck, or are not able to spend enough of your income in retirement, you might be required to report a score that goes below zero."
"On the other hand, you might see a struggle on Twitter, particularly in Trump's biggest public rally of the campaign."
"That was the personal cost of the money set aside for women, though it fell by five per cent on June, the report showed."
"You only have to go one game without thinking about what you want to do in the new year, let alone see it."
"It was always going to be about me as well, and to lose a year of my career here I have a lot to prove that can't be said about him."
"Police Scotland said the main priority was to avoid patients potentially using the system and said they were focusing on those at risk of seeking help, particularly from the nurse."
"But he never understood what America's future was, and just wasn't interested enough in the promise."
"David Cameron has confirmed he will call a referendum on the terms of Britain's membership of the EU and the EU institutions within weeks."
"How do you break through that barrier and get over the first 10 minutes?"
"A Democratic primary process, including Trump, has largely failed since he won in this year's election."
"I am, however, a lot more aware of myself than I ever was before, and the first part of the school year was a lot less off and on."
"We were very bad at training, so we always left guys out because they were short of practice and it meant we were going to come off worse."
"Cameron said Britain had been \"very close \"to \"some of the same principles and procedures as other EU member states, adding: \"If I listen to anyone in relation to human rights, whether it's Islamic State in Libya or anybody"
"The following evening, the president said Putin would go to China to \"talk to Xi \"about the crisis and his other five- year term in office."
"The North Sea is considered one of the most popular spots for fishing so a 24- hour network is ideal."
"If you do the president- elect's impression, imagine what it will be like to have an attorney- general."
"Last night, Sir Chris predicted that Mrs May would have to answer to every minister at a Westminster committee if she was serious about Britain remaining in the European Union."
"A source close to the players said:'They are all in the stands at the moment but we are not yet in the pain."
"Police forces across Britain are prepared to continue to operate outside the law, and the Government is on board with that."
"\"I don't think he would think to say that again,\" an associate familiar with Trump's business interests said."
"For example, our findings show that between three and eight per cent of the cases of diabetes are on average associated with a blood sugar rise of more than four per cent."
"Before we sign on and all of a sudden it's all these people who can't come from elsewhere."
"\"They (the EU's) migrant crisis is almost entirely a choice of countries for the EU, one migration from another,\" he said."
"\"If your restaurant is selling some food to you on a certain day and you don't bring it to them they will eat it and there will be high prices,\" she said."
"Of those who did, 71 per cent said they made up their minds and 24 per cent said they did not see how the business would work and were worried about their family and friends."
"But I have a feeling he [ Bashar al- Assad ] wants to stay the same regardless of what he's saying to the Syrian people, regardless of what you say to the Syrian people."
"On the pitch you have three players but there are usually three to four other people in the game."
"I think that coming back to you being on the road for one day is like a journey for me."
"\"That is not going to happen here, but if the media has to care it should, they should be more concerned about all these messages,\" he said."
"There are about six months of playing time before we can keep him going and at the end of the year he will know we have got to try something."
"The fact that it actually happened last year is going to be an issue for the government as it wants to deliver and actually spend more money."
"He said: \"The value of an NHS NHS unit can take 15 years if done properly, and has taken 25 years before it was considered a fully funded institution."
"After a good eight years, I was sitting at the dinner table with my son and I saw him heading home."
"Both the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, and his predecessor, George Osborne, have already argued that the UK is one of the worst places to live in Europe."
"And after the proposed ban was pushed back, it took a decade for it to become an accepted practice in Europe."
"I know that game is exciting and I look forward to showing my side of the floor and building this team around me."
"\"When he gets a call... the first thing that comes up is someone saying, \"You can't win here because you're a Canadian,\" \"said Ms. Trump."
"It seems to me that most of the time when people think we don't understand, or that we don't really care, we're simply losing what we're really meant to be."
"I think the people who have had a blast on you have won this battle- for all the woman and child who don't know each other."
"We need more visitors (48 per cent of business visitors come from outside the EU) and we need to make more trade and investment deals with the EU."
"And, in a separate phone conversation, the billionaire businessman was also asked about Mr Trump's false claim that Russian hacking of his organization's election computers was never made by Moscow."
"So this was the ending of a long season that could be said to have looked a whole lot better last year, because it was."
"His defense game is built on two things: his offensive line, and the whole offense."
"It is estimated that between 20 and 30 per cent of the migrants have run away in the past two days as migrants work to escape Syria."
"He was also under house arrest in Mosul last week, according to Kurdish officials and officials in Iraq's second city."
"Some of these students have already been brought to our attention and we want to be ready to move them forward."
"He said she left her disabled hand in a corner of the kitchen, fell to the floor and that she told officers to get a job, but the mobile phone apparently didn't work."
"Last week, the government announced a 25 per cent increase in prices for four products- some made from non- renewable sources- compared to the usual 18 per cent increase."
"Trump, for his part, has said it was \"good luck \"for him not to call off the debate for two days."
"It came with a man guilty of causing a dog to fall for its owner and that made him a lucky man."
"\"The situation is going up in that group, which is the only defense that we know, but also we have (John) Fisher on our team,\" coach Mike Fisher said."
"They would have given him a place for the season opener in New Orleans on November 10 but for questions around his fitness, he went on holiday."
"You don't see him go off for 30 minutes at a time, I like that about him."
"The market reaction is even worse, with the U. S. central bank in an all- but- complete swing."
"No matter the type of gun used, it will always be one used for the purpose of serious violence, rather than as a means of preventing an assault."
"The research found that regardless of how many women it meets, men will often pick up on this behaviour and try to make their partners believe that they are attracted to men."
"It is a decision made by the boys and at the end of the day we were doing what we wanted to do as well."
"\"I've probably never seen my fair share of poor places,\" she says, adding that she has run into, on occasion, many seriously low- income families."
"I think it's a team decision where if I'm not playing well, I don't think he'll be."
"Speaking on national TV after the decision was announced the minister said: \"When I came to power, I wanted to help those who didn't have a stake in the welfare of the people I was in charge."
"'We'd rather not be letting them go but if they were we'd do it ourselves so we're putting them into a care home."
"\"The initial landing strip and the momentum in the ocean around that island in the 1970s were about five feet off the ground,\" he said."
"A recent poll suggested Mr Cameron had lost the support of most of the Conservative membership at the party conference in June."
"Two people in an England shirt who said'Like China'had been arrested in Spain- but police have not confirmed they were citizens."
"While falling in prices has helped inflation, it has been lower than expected and inflation in the third quarter is still well below the 2 percent target."
"As members of both parties declared that they intended to vote for Clinton instead, Clinton supporters looked back and realized the days of her Democratic competitors did not look very promising for many reasons."
"I wish it had been so I can see them in the mountains, for which I also am proud."
"So we are going to take the energy away from here and build this ourselves, and the warm next warm up going to Belgium."
"As a New Jersey native, Chris Fox, 27, will be the official signing day guard for this weekend's Warriors- Warriors game."
"I am asking everybody to take this year into a new year and make sure you sit down and listen and have a laugh."
"She knows my voice, what she looks like and what she's like, but I don't know her."
"She said:'My dad was there when it happened and he was not strong and I am sure if I'd made a mistake he would have been able to take his family seriously."
"In this election campaign, when politicians look back on the past week, some make the connection that we must learn to ask questions about what is and what has been."
"From 1980- 1991, the number of female doctors increased by 56 percent, from 50 to 60, which is the lowest figure of any era."
"If you can trust with the science behind this thing, it could be done very easily in the future."
"Other experts agreed, as do a number of experts who said that if elected, Hillary Clinton would be the person who would set the U. S. on a path to an economic recovery."
"I think that history and history will repeat itself, that no matter what you do, please keep doing the same- and if you keep doing the same, then hopefully everybody will learn, right?"
"When I read about your goals to win and hopefully winning at the World Cup, I couldn't wait to hear from you."
"The newly president has already put out a platform in which he will make a statement on NATO, saying he wants to focus on the needs of a greater number of Americans."
"But I am very proud of the network, I really am, I'm very proud of what we have done over the years."
"I would certainly write a book about that. It's something I've asked for and have waited to get around to."
"The only person on the train to visit had been receiving treatment at a hotel and the passenger said the teacher had been on life support."
"As far as I know, I don't have an identity and there are no big sports, and she doesn't have a relationship with me."
"The claim that he is from China- the only non- Chinese person known to have visited Cuba- was flat- out wrong."
"If they make too much money, I don't think it's going to make a difference at all, but they can try, and see how they work out."
"He's got a lot of balls in his hands, he has a good balance and it could be in the air."
"In the US, the rate of response by training agents and other armed forces is smaller and less fixed, perhaps because of uncertainty over what new programs are under way."
"I want to thank everyone who supported this location that has really raised its profile so far."
"Last month, it was revealed that Mr Trump's daughter was also an assistant producer on Mr Clinton's 2014 State of the Union address."
"A parent might tell me that my child is too young to understand the importance of doing a good job."
"It's not as if you have an expert in there, and people are just not sure of themselves."
"But at his Leicester speech the President said he was \"not surprised \"by the resignation of Dutch Chancellor Philip Hammond and said it was a \"personal choice \"that he had to go."
"We already know that very well and if you go ahead you're going to end up looking very expensive in this day and age."
"So when I told them it was so amazing, they knew they could enjoy it a lot more than me."
"\"The sales activity just shows we still really wanted to compete, we were not hitting the market big enough,\" she said."
"My heart is in the right place, but it has been a couple of weeks where I've needed some rest, and not a few weeks with no rest."
"Police said the man \"first complained to the victim about the length of time the family spent in a lot of different residential areas."
"I think everybody wants to go out and play well and he's been doing that for me for quite a while."
"But I didn't have enough experience, so I could be competitive, which I've done for the last couple of years."
"The air traffic control official at the station said passengers and staff members at the airport were being told the risk of plane being struck from the outside and continuing without air passengers was not high."
"Those major tourist areas are now thought to be home to some of the most aggressive criminals in Europe."
"I started writing and painting in England about five or six months ago, and it's something that you feel proud to have lived in London."
"An ACT family court judge said that she wanted to see what happened to her husband and son, who she accused of sexually attacking her in the bedroom."
"\"I know I've not been able to kill someone the way I want to, so I kind of just... jump on a couple of occasions,\" he said."
"I'll be asked to sit down and write the rules, but I'll have no need of that."
"The proposals aimed at removing the label of the financial products industry have been put to a vote by the Commonwealth Bank."
"The man may have only a few dozen or so passengers but there are plenty who are taking their windows off to get on."
"But the longer- term effect of global warming will only be felt in those areas with high levels of snow."
"It's as a special chance to just make it to work- but people are quite different to others."
"But and I'm sure that John and I are absolutely committed to the fact that the Games is open and the Scottish government is playing its part."
"But if you haven't been to prison, and you've been rescued in the past, you don't know what is going to happen."
"What I really felt was that you had made a decision that it was best for Trump that I move forward."
"About 80 percent of those people who drink much more than 60 percent of their diet are in the middle group."
"The police have been told to come to the school, but they don't want to risk their lives to come there."
"\"I was sitting here, saying it will happen because it's on- demand now, so I just came back and did what I've always done,\" he said."
"Two days ago, Donald Trump called for North Carolina's open carry of marijuana laws to be changed."
"You had to be very careful that the lights were on, they didn't go out because there was a storm coming."
"More recently, our companies have become a vital example for what the most ambitious industries need- faster access to new opportunities to grow businesses."
"And he did what I always tell him to do, I'll work him and be aggressive in the process,\" Woods said."
"The boys win as a group and then if you have to overcome a tough situation then it helps to score goals."
"We don't really know what a nice sleep, if it's night and you're lying there and not moving... that's more of a possibility."
"If the right single- color photo appears in a hotel room and you tell your family about it, they will trust you to protect the rights of their child."
"I think as far as that fan base goes, it was amazing and I just have to say I've never been one to be down when it comes to people saying things."
"But as the women took up their position there, some journalists told the Thomson Reuters Foundation that they remained convinced they had a seat in the security cabinet."
"A group of pension funds helped create the move to clean up Europe, and so it should be expected that the tax are ready to reform."
"This year's schedule is largely attended by emerging and non- emerging markets, including Africa, Latin America and Asia."
"By then, the fall in daily workers'pay was so high that even though there were fewer jobs, the typical working family still had to pay for the gas."
"However, people are being advised to not use the email account to access social media, because an email for that isn't an option, Yahoo said in a statement."
"He has three goals, which makes him the best player in the world to have scored in this competition."
"But if you take a broader view about what is about to happen in Northern Ireland, then they are happening far closer to you than to them."
"There are going to be players down there and they're going to have to work harder to get into the team."
"After that we would only use one blood sample from each man ; that's the only proof that he had HIV, so therefore it wouldn't be HIV."
"Although they had been living with him for a while, the parents had moved out- he needed help when his three children needed him in a few weeks."
"An effort is under way to win the ad on Channel Nine that has been dropped and now plays on Sky Nine, which is owned by News Corp."
"She can recall something such as a Facebook post about a wine bottle getting infected, the notes of which were not publicly shared."
"At the heart of his new research is a system to find the other 1 percent of black Americans that have some sort of mental health issue, in a workplace where many may be locked in dark times."
"That's about to change for the first time, thanks to a $ 1. 7 billion settlement from Bank of America."
"The mother of a baby girl lost in a Russian rocket attack on Tuesday said she would be working as an emergency medical worker for several weeks, ahead of a planned visit to a civilian hospital in the town to look after the wounded."
"And in a matter of minutes, it will be the site of the UK's biggest ever youth \"crowd-funding campaign."
"As I wrote earlier this year, while the country still has many opportunities to make a difference to the world, I think we will be disappointed with the current situation and of course, disappointed not to win,\" he said."
"His was a score, but we will take the final one tomorrow and the Belgian, I'm sure, can score more."
"\"There was a five- year process when they did the story and we had to strike a balance between production and my taste in TV,\" \"He added, referring to the series."
"The UK was deeply affected by the Brussels bombing, which saw more than 400 people injured and hundreds more dead."
"He's taken steps that should be taken when people are staying out in this neighborhood to change it, he said."
"The Coalition government's policy of cutting funding to hospitals will put a strain on the safety net for a lifetime, a government study has warned."
"I really believe that the interests and investment of the workers will always determine our strategy,\" he said in an interview with the broadcaster."
"Our decision was taken by the parents of the people we are targeting when we arrived and we are still trying to process it."
"The BBC's creative director was joined by 70 people in a Facebook group, encouraging members of the public to share thoughts about the show's ratings and on Sunday, he posted his own thoughts on the show."
"\"For me personally this really makes me feel like I'm in an advanced stage or I'm in a very advanced stage,\" the former political giant says."
"But I don't think there will be anything wrong with anyone seeing this and going, \"No."
"It's one of the biggest learning experiences of my life, taking the first steps, the first pictures and really learning how to use lights."
"The choice for the film industry is now \"we live in Los Angeles,\" \"we live in London,\" and so on and so forth."
"When I did manage to make my stand and hold the club it felt real great- all that gave me confidence was that I wouldn't win it."
"I find that very nice if you're not a woman, but I've also found that I can keep my sex life below the radar."
"\"We know all too well that there has to be strong preparation for tomorrow to play like that and that means if you come to Sweden on a good note, so much the better,\" he said."
"We used to call him,\" he said, and has a 10- year- old who likes to start around 11."
"But the mother has to worry about what happens when her son goes to school and she is worried that a teacher may cut off her from him."
"Now more than ever we must protect our security in the face of possible attacks, including those which might be carried out in the name and integrity of the UK or elsewhere."
"\"I am in the early stages and I just do what I'm told,\" Roberts said of his appointment as the captain for South Africa in 2014."
"The former president's last reported court appearance came two months before Mrs. Obama was to hold a debate on behalf of the economy in Detroit."
"A 30- year- old man has been arrested and charged with failing to pay at least $ 100 to a youth leader and attempting to engage in a sexual activity with a minor."
"And let's look at one new bit of research from the scientists themselves who have shown that when depression strikes, there's an an eight- point increase in risk of feeling emotional."
"The National Police Federation said the 18- year- old boy, aged in his 20s, had been playing a role in a robbery in Bristol at around 2: 15 a. m."
"He's been trying to drive past both the Atlantic Coast Police Department's Office of Community Affairs and his American Airlines flight which crashed late Saturday."
"We're really trying to put to bed people's fear of what may happen or what has happened,\" he says."
"All business will benefit from this strategy, of course, and I think both sides will try to grow as a business."
"Because it's something you can have if you have interest and it's not just somewhere for that kind of work."
"I think for us all, it will be a referendum and we have to go against the people, because that is what Scotland wants."
"The City of Manchester itself has only recently come under investigation for making such a claim to avoid fines."
"They may be a band of lawyers and there may not be the will but they will come out in the next few days with their own reasons to change the old order."
"I'm not saying that he didn't know it and I don't think he's a bad actor, at least on TV."
"Trump said during a campaign rally Tuesday night that the only way he would stop the Islamic State group was to stop Muslim migrants coming into the country."
"I was told my mum wouldn't want to work with me if I was at work, so it was never to be."
"\"We'd all like to know why, and I'm just really sorry to hear it,\" Mr Ryan told The Independent."
"Most companies make the decision about your daily life based on economic or lifestyle factors that are relevant for your business or the future."
"He's also a smart and determined person and he works hard on every day."
"With his night jobs on the line, Gordon is creating more and more revenue from offering advice."
"I want to finish this series now, don't let any chances get you down, I'm sure to finish it on Saturday."
"Clinton is also leading Sanders in the race for the Democratic nomination by more than 20 points-- from 16 percent to 17 percent."
"Over the course of the evening, the 28- year- old returned to work at the scene of the crime."
"But according to a spokesperson for the union representing drug enforcement agents in the state, many agencies can take their time- if not all, I'm sure."
"One of the messages I got from him that I don't usually get, we don't have a quick conversation."
"\"She's talking to me about how we have to get health insurance for everybody, that maybe she has some idea where you go,\" Mr. Moore said."
"In 2008, it was offered at a profit of \u00a3 9. 70 per barrel ; by 2012, it had gone to \u00a3 9. 45."
"I don't mind what my peers say, but I'm only thinking about how I can help."
"One man from New Jersey said:'I'm 26 and I had a wedding in it six months ago."
"\"We might be talking more about concerns of Chinese growth than we are about North America or Asia or Europe,\" he said."
"With an increase in education funding from local authorities, social care payments will be reduced from 20 per cent of an adult to 15 per cent."
"But what, exactly, he is doing, as has been repeatedly reported, is making clear he is not focused on jobs or policy, it's on U. S. policy."
"I'm in love with the idea of the feeling that you have to be everywhere to represent who you are."
"His friends took note and contacted Prince George's authorities, telling him to contact them in person, according to his girlfriend."
"\"We've lost touch with what we used to believe in, we've never seen anybody that Donald Trump represents in such a serious way,\" Hill told the New York Times last year."
"'I'm not surprised, this is part of the problems in my time as leader of the Labour party,' he said."
"The test suggests that there are, in fact, \"significant challenges,\" including the \"lack of a sustained high level of social media engagement \"from companies."
"I had written in this letter that because of Mr. Trump I've lost the support of people who thought he was more professional than myself, to whom I didn't agree."
"When we get going and we are both talking about building a course for the boys in 12, it will be of a different nature to what we have planned for the days earlier in the year, so it will be some more football games."
"This release is specifically designed to make the transition easier for our audiences, making the addition of any types of content more in line with the industry standard of quality content."
"But in all the positive things, they have to stay in the game for a while, so I think they have to be ready."
"\"It is a democracy in which no one politician is required to answer to all of the public at large,\" he said."
"But the change comes just hours after the Brexit vote in the UK and German elections, which were largely up for debate in the country's five biggest media markets."
"Yet what hasn't come out of this year is the degree to which economic growth has been off- in the sky over the past five years."
"I hope to be able to see some girls playing in games as well."
"They have to prove that the public want that, and can't be waiting so long, can they?"
"Those few teams that do play in the top division are in for a long day if they want to continue their big- game pace."
"It will be a simple task: There has been a real drop in the unemployment rate over the past year, but it has not hit levels seen during the second half of the decade."
"More than 200, 000 people have so far been displaced, nearly 4, 000 of them in the west of the city."
"\"If he's not here today, that gives us confidence that he will be here for the long term,\" Trump told reporters Wednesday."
"I went from something to nothing, to something which needed to be thought of... to something which needed to be left alone to think out of the box."
"In truth he's older than that because he has played golf for a long time now so I guess that was down to the fact he could now play golf but when he did get called up he did get some green balls."
"We feel that maybe at the moment we need to get back to speed faster, just like it has been in the past."
"I'm sure that from the very first week we got the device, we could see off the screen if you looked at the club page."
"There will be times when I have to fight it out in court and then they're going to find out I am a little bit better at it."
"People ask us a lot of how we're going to make the game for four quarters ; what's going to impact the game."
"Another proposed shift- in of national responsibility in November last year follows other similar plans to roll back \"more than half the percentage- point \"income tax cuts for high- income taxpayers."
"But it is particularly significant, because this was a drug that hadn't been tested on a pregnant woman and she was using the drug herself."
"The Premier League is the league of the people but it is a top- down thing, and you've got to do your bit."
"\"I don't know whether it's people who are acting in their best interest, or they're protecting the rich from us,\" she said."
"One family in the area of Mr Lee's body, who have been searching for his friends, was in a panic but did not stop."
"\"It didn't matter where we were at that night,\" he said, speaking from a hospital bed."
"He's going to get 11- 11- 10 as a rookie, so I have confidence in the way he's prepared."
"In a debate he has held for 18 years with the Indian National Congress, he said in part: \"It has been a war against India- it's been the war against the middle class."
"President Barack Obama meets with members of the Cuban American community in Washington, DC on November 4, 2013."
"It's how we decide who gets to see what and to have some decent time together."
"Mr Corbyn's policies, who you see as key to the discussions around immigration from the West, you wouldn't want to get into."
"And although Putin has been criticised for his intervention in Syria, the number of people travelling through the border into Russia for emergency flights to and from Syria has risen."
"He looks a bit like he wanted to be, he was in school all of the time, then he lost his job a year ago and then he returned home."
"After looking at it, I feel like I will miss something and that's that we shouldn't miss anyone."
"After the crash, the car was reported stolen from a Chinese restaurant and driven to a friend's house."
"After an apparent break- up he fell out of love with her, and finally passed away, aged 60 in December 2013."
"A teenager who committed suicide in an apparent suicide attempt has been arrested for the offence but not her family, it has been claimed."
"Trump said on Wednesday he had not yet spoken about the deal and insisted he is in touch with the president- elect, as the White House has said he will indeed meet with him shortly."
"On a particular day in 2007, she was part of a group of African- American students at the library who wanted to get married."
"They used to be so much better off ; that fact is why Labour is now the best party in the country."
"For the latest information on these factors we created the new net losses measure of the state of the financial condition of our buildings at the end of April 2015."
"Because I didn't know whether to play the game or not, in that time, I knew I was in a lot of trouble."
"\"People are going out on the road and taking their own lives and I didn't even mention this is happening,\" said Day."
"If someone from my family has come over and lost a loved one I would call them and say that it could never be normal."
"This map was created with current legislative proposals in mind, with the aim to create a safe and secure space for researchers to work."
"Meanwhile, a drop in the pound has threatened to make another shock surge in the pound, leading to the prospect of third quarter interest rates in a record low as speculation in the currency rose."
"The victim, whose identity has not been released, has been missing since last November and is being questioned by police on suspicion of causing serious injury."
"\"She had been exposed to a very harsh and toxic environment and had not returned home to pay her rent and make sure she had a proper health check,\" the criminal complaint said."
"He certainly will stand up at a press conference and say, \"As a leader of the Conservative party, I must think of some things I can take back."
"It is a dream come true and he got through the little bit of preparation he needed so it was really a quick finish."
"She was an amazing character and I will be having a great party for you tomorrow at 2. 30pm and tomorrow night."
"The fight for Britain to remain in the single market has moved very slowly this year, so as a result this fight has become a little longer- term."
"I had a few in a back bedroom, and it was difficult to walk there because the bed had got in."
"'It's just such an exciting moment for me because I have so much more in this space than that,' he said."
"The sharp fall in the number of violent crimes to police notes, especially against young men, could be a sign of youth as a threat to society."
"For example, students who want to study legal theory may want to keep an eye on how they learn, even though they already know a lot about them, the research suggests."
"Trump's strong job numbers and his on- and off- clock personal time together are just two of the things he's worried about on a daily basis."
"The polling shows most of the candidates seem to be coming from the manufacturing and service sectors, where Trump is leading among white, working- class voters."
"'We look at that and see that we're not used to people going to places where there's no potential."
"\"They've been here a long time, so they're family to them,\" she said."
"If you use our tax map for comparison you'll see different questions about all three of these items: should they be treated equally?"
"If they take that risk, and that is the role of junior doctors, they are going to get better value for money."
"\"I did not understand what a decision like this was going to mean... and it is not what we decided,\" he said in a telephone interview on Saturday."
"As a competitive sport you want to have every opportunity to make the best use of the time and resources available."
"A 2010 survey found that half of all health professionals have been shocked at the sight of human eggs on the floor."
"The charity says it will start a separate funding initiative to help low- income adults in care, with the intention of delivering employment and career training for its 30, 000 staff."
"Many young women, both white and middle- class, also struggle with the same issue: is it possible to get a job without getting married?"
"That's been largely for companies to face more competition from partners that are less tech- related."
"\"As the game gets closer to one- day start we hope we can even reach that goal,\" she said."
"The studio's first quarter was dominated by digital- movie rights, which were up 15 percent to $ 38. 1 million."
"The police are looking at an estimated 20, 000 people with accounts worth more than \u00a3 250, 000, not including her."
"It could bring down the cost of private health insurance and save money as it already does more than 15 per cent of people's medical care each year."
"\"So I was very excited when I had to do this, I didn't know what to expect, but I was excited,\" he said."
"At the moment, only a handful of candidates on the debate stage are based in Europe- including Donald Trump, Bill Clinton, Barack Obama and Bernie Sanders."
"Even so, he argues, Romney's experience shows he has learned to manage as a businessman and businessman- without losing what could be his, by comparison, his unique ability."
"If you ask me why, my point is, nobody in the party will use that as a reason, they'll just say \"well, I want change,\" as opposed to the reality."
"The town hall will have a powerful role for his administration to present them to the voters who voted for him during this election."
"Most social media sites are allowing users to post the answers to social politics questions and social policy questions on the user's profile picture."
"It is vital that voters understand the importance that scientists have in supporting and governing governments around the world."
"\"Because you need a little assistance, the best thing I can do is allow them to speak their language,\" she said."
"I'd want them to understand what they're dealing with, they want to know what's going on with us at that spot."
"At age 18, he attempted suicide when a friend told him that his family had voted to leave Islam."
"Clinton's lead is smaller than Obama's late- November shift and still has not fully opened up to Trump, who has eight more delegates than he does."
"By comparison, participants with insurance at a high risk, lower risk- a couple percent of $ 4, 800 on average, and taking at least 50 heart attacks a year had a risk of 5 percent higher, for a total overall risk of"
"She said the clinic would have to change its software and introduced additional training to staff members but not any large scale clinical trials."
"She doesn't want to have to report on what she does when she's not doing her job."
"\"I've been wanting to help in every way,\" she says, noting that it's her duty to support her son."
"He hasn't played in five games this year and has yet to score in a game this year."
"The Trump administration announced last week that some teachers have been removed from a task force on student safety amid protests over what the social media site has posted."
"The first law found in the new, white male president is the principle: the judge should say what he says, because he needs to."
"\"We didn't have a large number of them in other words it was a bit limited and only a few might have been safe,\" he said."
"The company also agreed to accept the review of its business, including as a leader in internet business services, into the best interests of the company."
"Trump's victory is a really remarkable thing for me because in a year when thousands of people just walked away from cancer, I feel a lot better about everything that's happened."
"It means I can be quiet all day and I don't need to talk to people or anyone."
"The announcement of an Open Championship champion was made three years ago in China and it has been based on results from the final 23 matches."
"'Now I am pretty sure it will be on the air again and it's going to be on TV for the rest of my life,' he said."
"It's a normal result when you look at the squad over the last few days, the players have the quality and they make it hard for us."
"He said:'My dad used to use the public relations office there, and if I'd gone away I'd have probably done more people."
"\"He should be let go because he's dangerous but we'd never think to take him and send him away for his country club,\" said Corbyn."
"As far as I'm concerned, she'll be around forever, but hopefully he'll look back as a great teacher and a great dad and, I guess, an active brother."
"But I'm going to start again later because I want to come back stronger than ever before, so hopefully I can finish strong again."
"That's how I understand what's going on but I'm honest and I don't expect the people coming here to be well."
"For this sport to lose it all is very sad, but I would have loved to play somewhere near the Queen Street camp."
"That's a warning shot, I don't want it to be just another mistake, all my thoughts will be on the field when I play that."
"Three people have been killed and more than 200 injured after a series of protests near the island's main airport."
"Yet North American markets experienced losses over 10% of their sector in the final three months of 2015."
"It was something that I loved and loved and I played with in high school and I felt I had to win it so my body was going to have to."
"It will be an energy platform, she said, but would be built with the help of oil- rich Saudi Arabia."
"It is expected that experts from over 50 countries will travel from the UK over the coming weeks to exchange information on terror acts and other foreign policy issues."
"The Prime Minister then requested that the department that supplies clean water be asked to raise the water restrictions from the previous month."
"It's also the only Irish town in the UK without a tax center, a small but famous one that now has a branch."
"I'm down with that I'm involved in it a lot more, or perhaps with good friends I might be in some trouble."
"We also have also adopted a new policy in which there is always full payment to be made to any number of eligible home owners."
"For him and his crew, this is an opportunity to build what they would call the world's largest private business."
"When the parents of a Jewish Palestinian were injured in a separate attack in the East of Paris last year, David Cameron pledged an all out \"war \"against terrorists."
"On Sunday morning the same event where the FBI launched an investigation was repeated last year, but the focus now is on the one close to Wall Street."
"This woman claimed there had been a few other babies and thought that it was on purpose."
"That figure was 2. 9 per cent lower in 2015 compared with the same quarter in 2014 and 0. 2 per cent higher in 2014."
"He's the guy that you can keep under pressure to play in what is not at this moment."
"He's obviously had good season, but I thought today was one of the most exciting days I've been involved in my career."
"It's something that you never knew it was going to turn into a real hit, but there are things you could have written about in that particular scene and just write about it in a way that wouldn't let it stand."
"We have an injury- free year and I feel we have an opportunity to make a big difference for the 2014 season,\" Roberts said."
"They are also still loyal fans who know what they are doing at the club and continue to stay on the top of the league."
"I feel like that's where my heart is from, and because of that it comes out of my head and I want to keep it."
"The EU is not going to be ready to answer the question this time as it has been for some years,\" he said."
"He signed up for a tiny surgery on his foot in 2015 that required four- year, $ 43 million contract, with the biggest cost adding $ 21 million."
"And there's great potential for growth, both because of the emerging technology behind that, and a lot of the production costs are low, so it's really right to be concerned,\" he says."
"For example, at no time during the January 1 trading day did the BBC website post warnings or warnings of other potential foreign policy consequences."
"I think there were a lot of things which he needed to do at the club, and the staff staff needed to do the job very well."
"There were concerns over his integrity and authority as a senator and he'd threatened to get in trouble if he didn't hand over his retirement papers."
"The offensive was a gift to Wisconsin, too, running out of gas to turn a 13- 0 lead into a 14- 7 lead."
"\"I'm not going to sit around and wait for a few games until I make a decision that I feel it's in the best interests of the club,\" she said."
"With this comes the responsibility to provide a level of training and knowledge for those who seek that position in this organisation."
"People who die from cancer often go to help or pay their bills because they believe the cancer is gone, or they don't know."
"She said it was \"very tough to wake up one morning, going back to my job, getting to know a few people, getting to know the cast,\" or getting a job order."
"\"We need more people into these communities who understand and can engage with issues that matter and can serve as the voice of the people at large,\" he said in an interview on Saturday."
"The information released, according to the Daily Mail, can be from any phone call between a public official and another official."
"'While she will likely miss the main event, she'll be in great form for the Democratic National Convention in July,' Trump campaign manager Jason Miller said."
"It is not new at this very early stage, there are officials regularly using it but it is not new."
"To see what kind of a strategy is being taken by the police I tried to make an app out of it which can go to local news sites."
"Our experience of culture, their contribution to the industry and the stability we have got in it will always be important."
"There is a bit of an opportunity here for people, or to work people who might find themselves looking for better jobs,\" he says."
"The value of the pound has risen 2 per cent since September as the Chinese currency was beaten back by the pound, the Reserve Bank said."
"She was still around when I was playing, because it is what it is for her and she was pretty much used to it."
"What more can you say, if you're feeling lucky, for what, 700 people at The New York Times, and 300 other people at the Times?"
"The last person he brought along was Bill Clinton, the husband of Senator Ted Kennedy, Jr., the Democratic presidential candidate."
"What happens is usually that he comes back out of the weekend having had a few days off for a period of time."
"Of the top 200 that submitted their applications, 75% were blocked because they had committed fraud and other crimes, the court said."
"His first purpose in life was to take a few tourists on board his vessel and to see their family."
"Two others, believed to be the same as Russell, were discovered dead and three others detained with injuries to their bodies."
"This is as strong as it gets, except for being spent on fake pictures of mothers and babies, which are bad for us."
"\"I don't see it that way, either,\" he said, pointing at his lunch table."
"The final vote, a major blow to Mr Trump's campaign, is expected on October 7, just a few days before Election Day, Mr Erdogan's official press office said."
"\"We are using this opportunity for an excellent time and there is so much to do,\" says Christie."
"\"I feel the rest of the world is really looking at us and I feel like they're not, you know?"
"At this rate, we will see reduced taxes for people in the majority of households where they have to find savings."
"The pound rose more than 6% against the US dollar, the longest run move since the pound was nearly at the height of the second- quarter economic shock."
"The announcement comes amid an ongoing federal investigation into Hillary Clinton, which brought some experts back to focus the 2016 election."
"I found my mind had once again been turned around and was now questioning the faith of the people I had spoken to for the last two or three days."
"Once the race officially is over, Clinton will lead by one vote per state, so it's fair to say that Wisconsin will be her home for the nomination."
"There's a substantial gap between the \"only way we can fight \"and \"always \"category (in theory) as it makes it harder to work on those sorts of things."
"He came back and so did a few things and he has more challenges around the world, and it is a bit difficult for him."
"Since buying his business 45 years ago, he says he has created hundreds of jobs in this important market."
"The footage is most probably being used by criminals to get around any legal challenges over long- term employment terms."
"About 4, 500 employees take in annual cash pay of $ 300 or less a year, most of which is for travel and the like."
"As you know, the team that will play against us at this moment at home, I'm certain of it."
"The watchdog has warned that the children in the case represent a significant new risk to the country's future."
"During that time, four of the eight transgender U. S. service members serving openly have been on active military duty."
"When the NBA is so busy that the owners are not getting to see the deal, sometimes it's worth having a little bit of time to talk it over."
"It's highly likely that he has other serious underlying health problems and may be ready to take a few months off."
"For a time the government raised concerns over her use of a personal email address, which was then criticised by Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson."
"The reason I bring it up is that a lot of people on this blog I talk to, even if they don't like it, are very happy about the sound it made."
"Clinton has made up her mind about the debate, and may have a point that other candidates may think she's not as ready for a general election as she may appear to be."
"So I knew in my heart I wanted to continue and I came into a car park with a reason for life."
"You know what else is too much at the moment so we have been writing here and you know what other stuff he is writing for next year?"
"The parliamentary sitting was cancelled on Thursday, after parliament's fate was announced by the government- backed deal struck by Russia and Iran in Geneva on Friday."
"It wasn't the first thing I said, but I'm happy to be here and I'm excited about what's to come."
"The company acknowledged the fall in U. S. crude oil prices and the difficult balance of competitive forces which the U. S. Energy Department recently imposed."
"The station has 16, 000 people on board, we have a car and we cannot access all of them at once."
"In early August, the district police chief, who did not wish to be named, wrote in a message to officers that he could \"have known more about our issues than most this year."
"They say they are really worried about the size of the punishment in which they will be sent if they have children."
"But, however strong that may seem, the days when drinking alcohol is a routine part of life in the world will probably never, ever end."
"We worked a lot in that room, but the whole team wants to keep him because that is what we have to do here."
"In New York, however, the city spent less money on energy- than it would have spent in the same period had the car not been on the road."
"You'd think a race might at one point have been thought of to be about importance, or self- interest."
"It is true that the number of successful asylum- seekers arriving in Europe is likely to drop below the pre- EU levels after the referendum."
"\"I was told that they were going to close the facility ; there is no room for that here,\" she said."
"The boys must provide the stuff you ask of them but we are never told that they need to be on."
"His wife was working at a friend's house on the town and called for help from friends and neighbours."
"Now, he would know what the men in blue are like-- not just in the game but in the work they do for the club and the local community."
"Our aim was to see him in the pre- season and see how he did in training, what we learned from him so we can make sure that the play is reliable."
"The band returned from Europe this week to record a new song, with a different production team, in South Africa."
"After the first night out, he learned that he was pregnant, and while it didn't feel good, he went on to sign up for his own pregnancy tests."
"More than \u00a3 100, 000 has been recovered from a German student who was allegedly caught breaking into an anti- football museum in south London."
"At the time of the Apple attacks, the FBI said it had made 72 arrests and an additional 50 were arrested over a nine- month period."
"In the lead- up to Brexit, the Scottish Government admitted there could be a delay of up to eight months on the need for a visa."
"Both people put high pay into creating jobs and hope the single market means more jobs for working families and higher wages for those who do them."
"If any votes were given in London on June 22, 2013 it will be \"an important moment \"in the course of a successful campaign in the Parliament."
"Two alleged victims said they had been sexually abused by the teacher at the centre in the 1980s and now lived in his home."
"If Trump's most measured personal criticism of the whole thing turns on Fox News and the President- elect, his reaction could be the greatest in the history of political debate."
"Despite the focus on black Americans, he has remained African- American throughout his campaign."
"For his part, Trump called for it to be renewed during his last days in office after the details of his nomination were known in May."
"There are a handful of popular internet courses available today with an overall return of 1% every two years, but the trend is actually stronger for women."
"But on a recent visit to San Francisco, Trump told me that, in part, he does believe in that- though he often plays games like that."
"In a statement Tuesday, Bush said he won't comment on why he won't make good on his promise to get back into the race after a year- long absence."
"\"So I think it is important that we make sure they can wait to take charge and stay in the game so that they can make an impact on the game,\" Mourinho said."
"The free credit needs to be granted at the bank's safe haven, he said, and to show they could easily give customers more than they otherwise would."
"The funeral cost \u00a3 200, 000 and she was expected to be in a long, happy state."
"She was in a van on fire, a short time later, and was rescued from the burning truck, he said."
"But the U. S. had at least 60 electoral votes on the line, according to the preliminary count at the time of the video."
"This problem isn't just limited to the UK: other countries are spending more of their citizens'money than their fellow citizens in other countries."
"But we know we can work better now, and we are open to new ideas and new ideas that are different to what we've been asking for."
"\"I am confident that there's a plan out there to help him come off the beach to make his body stronger,\" she told the media."
"If I had to guess the first time I sat in a theater, I wouldn't be too far away."
"But despite this message and his not backing away from the referendum I think he's going to keep being politically correct and I'm afraid for our generation."
"We took a very small penalty and things that no one was expecting are in this game."
"They tell us that they don't want to see a deal like Donald Trump's that actually requires the Canadian government to give up the entire world's oil."
"The new proposal would mean that if you're on a \u00a3 200 / month basis, you'll be paying $ 25 more each month."
"There will be significant changes coming from the bottom, at least this time next year, as the social conservatives arrive at the polls to push back on the fiscal expansion that comes next month."
"They can show up to work, but in a year you're not guaranteed anything- unless you drop them off on Monday morning."
"\"We are not going to continue doing business outside of our brands, and I'm not going to go after them for simply going out there,\" he said."
"He's been in the club since the age of 17, and was granted a club licence in 2013."
"On top of this, education is already more cost- effective, with all major states providing funding from states and localities."
"\"He wouldn't move his head,\" a source said, suggesting the other drivers involved in the crash could have had other concerns."
"He said he was left with \"no guidance and no option \"as to how to protect people when coming into contact with the migrants, according to German media."
"A higher rate of depression is associated with less income, higher rates of increased risk for negative consequences and a reduced social sense, a recent review of research suggests."
"\"I think people going out to the water have to be careful because it could be dangerous,\" he said."
"I don't like them ; I can see from their surface that they're actually moving the lines of life in a way that makes it interesting."
"And they were about a year old when they were picked up and in flight and taken in the same way as they had been picked up."
"A court in the US has ordered a photo- safe set up after the young girl's mother reported she had an illegal abortion, the BBC has reported."
"Although such a statement is not always well- understood, their first visit has been historic, with 56 thousand arriving at the airport at their last known location."
"I'd be quite happy if they're able to put some right- wing MPs on the front bench."
"That has also resulted in some of the biggest winners- and over the past few years no- one has fallen on harder times."
"This has been in place for around a year and is currently a central part of Syria's strategy."
"He has also said that he will appeal to politicians in the UK and Europe not to do business with Isis."
"In 2012, according to the Chinese official data, China's GDP stood at $ 2. 5 billion, a 13 percent increase over 2010."
"\"We can now address the fundamental problem of people turning away from them when they move to other cities and elsewhere,\" he added."
"It didn't hurt us that he was 20 for all of us, what he was able to do out there."
"The average rate of pay for employees currently working full time and looking for a contract of some sort is two per cent, compared with the six per cent rate recorded by the government this month."
"We have to understand this is about more than a couple of hundred people around the world who have more than a bit to gain."
"This has become something much easier and far easier for middle- aged men, including by weight in significant numbers over the last decade."
"Asked if he could see herself on the ballot, Jones said: \"I was going to see myself on that first day."
"The 34- year- old, who says she grew up in a poor neighborhood in Washington DC, says when she was 12 and first moved to Manhattan she had never met a friend with such a talent."
"\"I want to serve America in the best way, when America gives up and does not give back,\" Sanders said."
"It was your goal in life to have something out of the ordinary like a piece of land that you'd never see again, to do something about it."
"You'll be able to see a lot of other cities- with one in central London being a surprise."
"On an economic basis it would be quite incredible, since we're on a whole different economy from what was promised."
"It's like when you see a piece of clothing that's really easy to get to, you don't mind it."
"\"I think that women should not be working but they still deserve to be at the top and women should be able to enjoy themselves,\" he added."
"There are some positive things that have been done to make sure everyone has a good recovery period and keep healthy."
"I know I had a right to walk up and down the stage because I loved to talk about everything."
"Clinton has had more checks and trips than Trump by far, but both are faced with an increasingly real risk to their health."
"But he knows the Premier League and is already delighted by how the league looks, while enjoying a brief stay at his family's house."
"In some cases it has been family friends with which they had traded pub and pub- for some years to be honest- but after three decades they cannot seem to enjoy it at all."
"\"We did not have a problem with animals ; we all know animals do happen in the forest,\" he said."
"We're very proud of all of them, we always talk about sports that are a part of our life."
"I'm so happy for them and for my mum to tell them we'll stay with you and not worry too much about it."
"It is here in Scotland where a previous Government announced it would add 200, 000 residents to its existing housing portfolio to bring this closure to an end."
"At a time when most states are facing tough economic times, Mr Kasich promised that he would fight to cut the nation's debt."
"Even the authorities have said that they need only to follow and maintain a few changes to a national law."
"They are all still teenagers, and there is more speculation than is reasonable about how they will be sent to football's biggest club for each of their first three years."
"It's been four years now, I am still in the hunt and I have yet to find my phone."
"\"As you know, there were reports of people being forced to move away from their homes during the night to fight this morning,\" an officer said."
"The Syrian Civil Defence Ministry says there are no more than 6, 000 available positions in the capital and Syrian President Bashar al- Assad could face military or political prosecution for using them."
"He said that if he hadn't gone along with the plan, it would not have come off in his favour."
"When asked how he's affected by Trump's comments, Trump explained that he has no concern with immigrants."
"However, when this happens it will often take weeks for the egg to grow and the survival rates to go through the roof."
"'When they do the general event, it's like a release of my music from my hands and can be really personal for me,' she said."
"In one email exchange, he said he had noticed their profile pictures were already so popular he could not see any reason to change."
"'It will be good enough for me but it is also a mark of respect for the Scottish people,' he said."
"She had four hours to drive it, which was only half of the journey it was supposed to take on its own."
"\"To me, it's a real celebration of the fact that our nation hasn't changed on gun policy in a very long time,\" he said."
"He claims other areas were improved to account for the high number of private staff hired for \"out- of- contract \"jobs."
"At the time of the collapse there was even speculation about the possibility that, when the banks were able to start selling, people might be able to find money."
"\"Every single guy that works in the industry has been disappointed, and that's why I have to come down to my house and tell them what's going to go on with you,\" Trump told the local NBC affiliate in 2013."
"The shock of the year certainly is- it may have been pretty good earlier in the season but no one is saying its a failure."
"\"It's tough enough being one of those countries, but this is also not going to be easy because you want to win."
"And when they don't want to listen to their own culture, the last thing they want is to just find out more about the last four years of their lives."
"The coup, as he once wrote, came \"about as a last- minute game of who can do what in mid- December, if not January, when it is probably impossible to know \"from the subject's timing."
"One in five workers says they have lost a job or are retired with their employer because of wage theft, a new survey of 250 business owners found."
"We wanted to win games like this but we need to focus on the two- point game and win those two games."
"Hillary Clinton is currently heading the Democratic race and has sparked controversy with her controversial comments about being in a black hole."
"It's difficult when a woman is so close to the presidency and you don't really know the electorate."
"He wants to see proposals such as the one passed through this week and we want to hear what it is."
"It's hard to keep everyone in your circle because they don't know each other."
"However, the group said it did not know if they were part of an outbreak or not."
"But it would have to be an agent who could tell the players on a line that they have done nothing wrong and so on."
"If people at work or the disabled are feeling too isolated in their lives they don't get support and we have to help them to make the journey."
"\"You're running against an open home in the Middle of this State and then getting into trouble at the hands of the police,\" he said."
"\"If you're going to lose, I wouldn't do it,\" she said in an interview with Fairfax Media."
"The youngest was then kicked off, eight minutes later, and not from the bench, with him having been handed a yellow card for two minutes."
"\"In the first half we were playing good, getting very good challenges, but in the second half we just got a lot of pressure off,\" he said."
"One of the major lessons that parents need to take into consideration is that any task might require you to change your mind."
"Our actions, which took place outside our company's headquarters, we have tried to explain as much as we can."
"We have to build a field, and if it's not top 40 now then we can lose games, and you have to have more experience, maybe more quality, from the long way when you're young."
"The shop is, the spokesperson added, going to a transition period of 50 days on the basis of the board's analysis."
"There's been a lot of changes, I feel it's a good system now so we can get to a game in five minutes if we can stay in the game and build into the game."
"President Barack Obama, looking a bit positive, urged the leadership and technical teams of the European Union to raise the pitch, in the form of a grand opening ceremony on 28 March."
"From what I've heard, there's a lot of anger in the house, and I don't know why."
"More than one million people are registered to vote in the referendum but only about 1. 5 million of them are eligible to vote in the government elections held on 25 June, four months before the vote has been held."
"He said his dad was out of town as he didn't want to fight the claims and he had no alcohol in him at the time of the incident."
"\"This only happens once every five years and the elderly in Scotland also have to wait five years,\" he said."
"He must be careful in this respect but if you've managed it well he'll be very pleased."
"It was later revealed that he'd been paid \u00a3 4, 200 for access to the reception at the centre."
"My career is a bit different for the moment, because I've had a very small role in it and I don't know the decisions that are being made."
"\"We don't have an abortion plan out there and just because a decision is made tomorrow doesn't necessarily make it."
"In the long run, perhaps it's not the case to reach for the last ball- it's more like pushing in and in and out of play a couple times in the last five minutes of a game."
"For that reason alone, the NHS should be the target of such measures, and the report has added that to the discussion."
"He said he had faced \"very aggressive opposition \"from the ruling Workers'Party and the People's Party, in addition to rival opposition parties in central and southern states."
"And she believes the Republican Party's divided between white working- class voters and those from the suburbs can be useful for the general election."
"It's great to have somebody to hang out with and it's just a wonderful thing to go through."
"Now it's coming down to personal relationships and where I go to do my part to help my family and my school life."
"However, doctors did not know for sure whether the situation had been prompted by the abuse itself or a second alleged attack."
"To recover from this trauma, we seek all types of support and care from NHS England to help us find answers for ourselves."
"She will be back on October 25 at 9: 30pm, so we don't expect to see her until after her loss."
"\"They all had their coaches in our dressing room at home playing that way and I thought that was a sign that it was going to be a tough game,\" he said."
"Police say they are working with other partners to identify the suspects involved and give the victim their time."
"About 350 Japanese tourists currently remain in Australia for work on the park, and up to two more are thought to be in North America and Europe."
"The girl's mother explained:'I didn't want to do this so the officers went for her mother's body."
"In the UK, 40 per cent of people under 35 who reach 45 would not think it was right to have a pregnancy right now."
"A couple of young women from East Perth knew them all and said they would be driving them home soon."
"And so in the North- west of the United States- about 50 miles north- Cruz's nomination has been a disaster."
"Police say there is no evidence the driver of the vehicle entered the hospital on Thursday to do the emergency services or had contact with the injured."
"At the end of the day, we're working, and then a little bit later on I'm actually very sick, it's an operation I've got."
"Mr. Ford's vehicle caught fire shortly after taking off at about 7: 50 p. m. local time."
"I feel that you could be asked to join the service in a pretty negative light and it wouldn't take that much work."
"If you look at it again with its collapse in mid- 2014, it turned out that four of the top five companies were still operating in America."
"A man said: \"There was a sexual assault at the house but no one else was injured."
"We're really disappointed about it, because our base was really against it, we didn't want to have too many guys going into the game for too many reasons."
"After a lot of the phone calls I have had, they only let me meet with the family- and, of course, the next few months."
"And although this is true, it only comes into play when you have earned enough money, that's just another way of looking at it."
"There's still a lot of game footage I don't really like because of the visual impact."
"We, as well as working on the mobile ad network, have also begun a research and development phase."
"But these are merely the \"is Russia a friend, or is it Russia's friend,\" questions that many Americans were expecting when Putin spoke this week."
"To stay healthy the best of athletes must be motivated, so this book is a must- read for any athlete."
"When she complained to her doctor about the condition, she was told the disease would probably kill her soon."
"The first thing a judge does when he is asked to issue an arrest warrant is to point them out in full."
"Over the last year we've got everyone going and it's been a great mix because that's the way we want to be working."
"In response, I have decided to go and collect myself from my home and settle down and the whole experience was amazing."
"I'm proud to have worked with Bernie over the years and I really appreciate what he's done for me."
"Our challenges at the moment are the scale and pace of work, the rate at which we build on our relationships and what we are doing."
"The Irish foreign minister says Ireland will not be able to continue its ambitious programme to open up 50% more projects in the EU."
"She explained:'If people don't trust the video, it's a problem, so there's an appeal."
"My friends were both saying to me last night you don't have to do this a week later because you don't know anything about it."
"With the Zika outbreak to a very high level, Brazil's public health officials have raised concerns about the disease- a fact that could be one of the reasons why President Obama ordered the goal of two- year- long investigations."
"\"People are in the top 30 per cent of their income and are less likely to give support and education to their families,\" says Smith."
"David Cameron will not- to- play for the cause when there is a vote to leave the EU, but he has his fans."
"They pay no fees and feel that no matter what happens in the next two years, their support is highly valuable."
"He did it as a mum and to be on an Olympic team he has to give his life to help them through tough times, but I don't want to."
"You do want to try something different and be up top every now and then, but the team let you down."
"The exercise has become so popular that the U. S. has already expressed surprise that they could pay more attention to this problem."
"I think I'm going to be hearing about my problems from the people around me and I can be a better manager."
"There will be no place for them to go without a ticket, in the primary, as I believe that is the way they know best."
"After nine days of Republican strikes, the only hope for a real measure is the Congress, which has yet to try and address the nuclear threat it once had."
"It was a good feeling, even with them all coming through the front door for training, when they had stopped talking to me about me and it wasn't good."
"The teen was taken to hospital with minor injuries, including a broken arm, but a 10- year- old girl was not injured."
"He made several waves by creating a toxic image for school, and kids found out at school when he didn't show up."
"After the first episode, I felt like it was a lot of effort for me to know there was a woman in that house in between the seasons."
"If there was one thing the campaign clearly missed, it was the fact that on paper the jobs economy is only about half what it used to be."
"But despite the criticism by some Republicans, it still passed by even 50 percent of voters in his latest win in Colorado."
"\"A lot of people will say, \"You're crazy,\" but it's what you say that sets the tone and then you go back and get everybody behind you,\" \"she said."
"Just last week, before the party's grand opening, Hillary Clinton sought the endorsement of his vice president, vice chairman of his presidential transition, or and former senator from New York."
"In another strange outcome, three years later the project was not even shown at the event, and in 2008 the sign never showed up again."
"Since its start the organisation has raised \u00a3 20 million and more than \u00a3 10. 5 million from international donors, some of which have been super- rich."
"But it is hard to understand why a president sitting down with a network of British leaders is listening so closely to calls for a Brexit from his colleagues in the business community."
"And we certainly don't expect the government to play along with what's already been done by these laws."
"He said local children had offered to come to school a few days later, but he didn't have a plan."
"With the end of day 2 on Thursday, Trump was still getting votes in Iowa, where Hillary Clinton won by a narrow margin."
"The University of California said the committee will study the project from 2013 to 2015 to \"highlight the role \"of sexual violence in the campus environment and its impact on students."
"I felt like at some point somewhere in that middle of England, in the middle of a Parliament, it's all about money."
"We're trying to give them something to eat so they don't find a terrible time when they stop eating after an hour or two."
"That's a big question: You ask me to put a picture of all of the medical treatment that this person got in her treatment and I'll say, \"yes."
"One of the things that the Dutch felt comfortable about, was that they didn't want to cause any trouble for us either in the tournament or in the professional game."
"His appeal is now in the criminal court of the Southern District of California and the three remaining charges are expected to be sent to the court for a hearing."
"\"If he doesn't show up in the presidential debates, I think we're going to be upset about that,\" Romney said on Fox News."
"We have been criticised for poor decisions and they have not done enough to change people's behaviour in certain areas."
"I love the inside and the small areas where I want to sit, try to play nice and do a good job."
"Before any contract is completed, the person's agency will consider the cause of a strike and its impact on financial stability."
"About half of our big firms are in the industrial parts of Australia and Canada but there's really only a handful of them outside of Australia."
"To be fair, we have even greater rights in so far as we are allowed to do so."
"But what's interesting is that the Clinton campaign is focusing less on Hillary and more on working- class voters, with thousands of new voters signing up to either Republican or Democratic emails."
"\"It's not at all rare that a place like your neighborhood is going to pay for the second- best,\" he says."
"That's the uncertainty in my mind, I've gone to meet people but I feel like nothing will be there, it's impossible."
"\"We're not afraid of action, we're willing to work with them and look at what needs to be done,\" he said."
"I want to thank every woman, especially single women and young women who have been abused and you are a huge part of my future."
"Of the 400, 000 people displaced between July 15 and 17, only two have been confirmed dead, he said."
"The president has, however, acknowledged that Russia was responsible for the failed coup."
"At the same time, millions of people on social media have asked me to be the party of opportunity."
"When they realized what was going to happen, they set up a temporary meeting for two weeks that afternoon."
"Then, another 15 years later, the rock came through again, the band was renewed and the resulting 7- 8 record didn't last."
"If we can do that with a network which does that, then it's really good."
"One can imagine why many of us worried about what might happen to Gold if it falls in price."
"A lot of schools in the city had increased their alcohol and drug warnings in September to cover the cost."
"It was the same as when both men were returned to Saudi Arabia- having worked in Europe before their release, in order to do what other refugees could not."
"But she has admitted she gave an address to a Conservative group in the 1990s in which she made no mention of her mother's efforts to reduce her lifetime income."
"If anyone has any information about him who might not be here for a while, please get in touch."
"The new manager is telling you that if you can't find your day- player that you need to score goals, so you need to perform."
"It is said that although we have lost friends- some of our neighbours have even suffered serious injuries- we are stronger together."
"As a scientist, what I want to do is say it's a well- established fact and nothing can be said about it before."
"At the Democratic National Convention last July, Clinton and the front- runner showed off a copy of the document which listed a list of those on the list, describing what was being considered for the hall's tribute."
"I also don't like to sign papers because it is a case of not signing them for the cameras."
"I want to express my deep and ongoing support for his family and the hospital and I ask you to make a promise to him that you will bring them closure."
"Not only does she drink so much, she believes, that she may break down in the house and have the doctors there come and help her."
"And as the leading advocate for the Republican presidential candidate, I am always looking forward to hearing what he has to say about this."
"And he found that people who identify more as Muslim, as opposed to white or straight- African- American, make more money on Social Security."
"I was a natural but not of the ring- I was at the heart of the show- so I was helped by everything going on within a little while."
"He was a great figure at Chelsea, so I don't see him moving in a more conservative direction with respect to Chelsea next year."
"For business, three or four per cent of companies have been investing in CCTV by the current year, he said."
"When you do a training session, you give your body a regular, routine form, which is what my personal training partners in America have done."
"He knew that if I wouldn't get my game rolling he'd be in trouble because I'd be in a discussion about the depth of the squad."
"We knew we could get away with one, and he is now expected to be ready for even higher in the next couple of weeks, possibly a decade."
"And we are delighted that the health board and I will both be speaking today as a co- host in a real- time discussion on the debate."
"That way they can make a substantial difference in the water system and the water supply, which is not always easy to come by."
"The gang of four- men seen eating raw fish was seen with a broken front car window and with two girls inside."
"I'm sure for me it was the most important time in my life but hopefully people just can see I'm not the only one on this team."
"I think you're better to be a better parent than not, especially if you're still single, but even if you're not, you should be a responsible parent."
"With the free movement of goods and services out of EU, the countries agreed to take in as few as 10 million refugees."
"These \"legs \"age aren't nearly as lucky and some of them may just look like older versions of the mother."
"An emotional BBC Radio Wales reporter who said he would move his head to ensure that his job was as personal as he could."
"\"People don't realize the value of a musical,\" she said, adding that young people love it in the way the way it doesn't exist."
"The dollar, the world's biggest asset, has fallen almost 25 per cent against the euro in the past three months."
"Trump said he hasn't taken a position on the issue in recent weeks and that he thinks the federal law should be considered to see if a candidate is qualified for the job."
"And today, we are- I say this not just to you, but to your children- we are going to turn you all over to them as we do to all others."
"But while awareness and surveillance efforts across Europe and North America have generated some progress, it is still more than a decade away."
"Her parents still live in central Germany, while her mum has been returning home from the US for work and her younger sister has been working for a B & M."
"I am in talks with over the next few days about training and I have no further information yet."
"'She talked with Mr Jones so she could see what we were about to do and see what kind of thing they were doing,' the 17- month veteran said."
"The new target will be 0. 1% of GDP by 2020- or almost twice the current amount."
"The system will work within the system, as a third- party monitoring must be passed from police to the car."
"That message remains fresh in my mind: Americans, as a generation, want a peace that we can be proud of."
"We are going to don'thing to help any government this year so they have no control over us or what is happening."
"\"We did it the other night, and it came out into the world,\" Trump said, not expecting the scandal to draw much attention."
"These were the kinds of statements that made people ask her whether she was saying things she shouldn't say in public."
"Some of the players in this sport don't even want to do a run but they want to play."
"If you're in a situation where you just cannot afford your charge, make sure you get credit for the money you've invested, rather than charge for it."
"That estimate included an average of 19 children's injuries a year- a lower number than the 28 that were included in the study."
"With a scheduled public test for next month, it is hard to imagine that No 1 won't step up and learn the trade."
"All I'd like to do is use my memory to help me when I need it and it will work,\" said the 17- year- old from Ireland."
"It is time for everyone to work together, not for one individual to drop a bomb on another."
"We had to be careful with it because there were only three games left in the season, and we lost games like that, at all."
"\"At this moment we are talking to relatives, friends and the community but absolutely nothing has been announced,\" she said."
"It didn't feel like that,\" Clinton said at a hearing last month for Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine."
"She said she would be the first governor in the past two generations to know that the state had a very small abortion clinic that could care for patients."
"The new writer- artist collaboration might have its initial \"cap- and- flow \"is what made the opening possible, but it was developed as a whole course for their production."
"This is a fundamental agreement that can only be established by consensus, and so the lower House, and the Senate, needs to take note."
"Speaking at his funeral, Cook said: \"I am still young, just going through my fourth year of secondary school."
"She also said it's not just Britain who could be affected, but the EU, which would \"know the pain \"if the cash rate is lifted."
"We've got a really good squad and I think you don't want to lose belief in one player as in it was supposed to be."
"Last year, while covering the Olympics, he caught just 11 of 36 passes for two touchdowns."
"It comes at a time when even Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has endorsed a range of Sanders programs that his campaign says are helping him win the Democratic nomination."
"If it was a question of saying'You know what, this is great, this is not the way we are as an audience."
"But for the reasons I explained in my post today, I didn't mind this. Twitter has taught me a lot in many ways about government."
"My health, my desire to reach peak at the best times, I think there is nothing more I want to do."
"The researchers in Japan made research of the new findings by working with a clinic in a suburb of Paris."
"So I want to say thank you for your help, because it's a battle I was suffering too, because I wanted to kill myself."
"Mr. Jackson was one of several veterans of the Bush administration, Mr. Hill said, who came to the hospital after falling ill."
"You only know when you get some stuff on your face, otherwise, it's never going to come off in your face."
"In case you missed it last time- before the second weekend of camp- this is a side that will try their luck at almost any time."
"The company argued that such a break with China could have no positive effect on its business prospects abroad, and that investors might prefer the Chinese government's vision of growth in the long term."
"Mr Edwards, who was working with another woman on the phone while she was beaten, said:'I ran in front of her and she got on the front line."
"He said:'This is not a campaign for the Commonwealth so we are not backing it."
"The United Nations estimates that nearly 80% of the world's people live in areas that are affected by the flood."
"For the last eight years, I have been attacked every time I tried to go there and no one expected me to become a part of that at all."
"We're at a loss, we're disappointed and if that's the case, then we'll deal with it in the course of the next couple of days."
"The couple were standing in a bar when the man pulled up behind them in a bright blue car, meaning they couldn't see the driver."
"So when I think of a long time ago, I want to reflect on it to make sure I'm not giving up,\" he said."
"\"Even though he's a veteran player and he's experienced in the league, he's a veteran, not a veteran,\" Ford said."
"At any given time you have the best chance of making it here at home but you need a team- building system."
"There are challenges to avoid, especially in the medium term because companies are increasingly moving away from responsible management and risk management."
"Even when we are not getting paid that much we have a shot at making the top of our pool."
"The 45- year- old was detained and questioned on suspicion of terrorist activity and admitted his age, a source told the newspaper."
"The odds of Trump winning on November 8 is in place, and polls have shown Trump leading with Clinton in all but two states."
"Many investors are worried about how easily Chinese companies will deal in debt, a phenomenon known as \"peak oil \"which is defined as the rate at which investors hold down assets."
"I think the real risk to the NHS in this political period is that we do a really poor job at delivering those services."
"\"I was hoping she'd just kick it out of her bottle or something,\" she said."
"A decade on from the war with terrorists in Yemen, Russia's strategy for fighting terrorism is the same as it was for decades, Putin said."
"\"We are investing money in the show, investing in its future, not just now, but for long term,\" he said."
"If we look at three big events on that side, like the World Series, you will see him being tied with the San Diego Indians."
"But also a real idea: trying to generate the order the economy needs to continue without a wait- and- see policy in place."
"At the start of February, the Justice Department released background reports on more than 1, 000 individuals who had committed similar crimes in 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2013."
"\"I wanted to show them some respect and enjoy doing it but what I do in front of the camera does not feel right, \"he says."
"But I don't know if the blood samples were any good,\" he said when asked how such cases could ever be diagnosed."
"On Wednesday, amid a campaign to help Mr. Trump beat Hillary Clinton, Mr. Duterte said his life had become a target of public pressure."
"\"But you know, if there's somebody out there who's not welcome in America, there is going to be another investigation."
"\"The most important thing for the world is that we can live together with open minds, open values,\" he said."
"I've really found the initial physical task easier than I was expecting, but the long time and big sport sessions at Celtic, after football the most positive thing I could ever expect to see myself doing as a player in my first team role,"
"But the clear message from the leader that the most reasonable way to cope with a difficult few months is to want to win more games."
"New Zealand is not the only place in the world where a sudden change of venue can push an event to its limits."
"We had been having some kind of a discussion about it with Ryan, who was probably a major source for us when we were playing him."
"There's some other reasons why you could pay higher taxes here, too, and they need to be reflected in a lot of other things."
"While he's part of a league- wide debate about the best of the teams in the league, he also has the team's coaching freedom and access."
"The number of couples earning less than \u00a3 50, 000 a year and those earning more than \u00a3 100, 000 a year, have also increased, the report found."
"There's a lot of credit- where others can argue against you, it's fair- but I'm not a fan of questioning you."
"I cannot make a statement today because it is not my job as a reporter to ask questions."
"\"I've had an operation to clear my mouth of tobacco and that took three weeks,\" she said."
"It was due to start on Sunday but increased pressure was soon turned off as no service was possible in the country."
"But the tone was clear when the third, final, and final choice went back to Mr Cruz, in hopes of appealing to those who said they would seek a better middle ground."
"That's a lot of shots the second- year pro made that day and one he should consider dropping with Arizona."
"When the government at the City Hall press conference insisted that his footage was going to be \"no big deal \"he said he would announce his future actions by next month."
"One of the ways that councils and charities can help a sick kid is by allowing them to spend a bit of time with them."
"Because I am the type of person who just goes about my life and my feelings because I have nothing to do and I don't need anything to say."
"\"I'm going through the mother nature of it: trying to control my life,\" he says."
"The results suggest businesses are choosing to increase output or reduce costs by picking up labour and adding more machines."
"How can I focus on doing the right thing, on what I can achieve, whatever your particular race and if you're doing a great job all around the world I have to go through what I have to."
"But she admitted she did not understand why she would be driven to say such a thing by someone who hadn't used her mother."
"The officials say the average inflation rate would be around 10 percent, and the market would expect inflation to reach nearly 2 percent by the end of 2017."
"If you're trying to find your child, you may be asking: \"what's the reason that the child is away and we can't access her?\"and \"does everyone know?"
"Mr Jones, who lives by the office, had decided to write a Facebook post about the case after three people came forward with information that might help to find the man."
"Once the planes came up it was incredible, everyone was so happy and we were quite lucky, we were standing in the whole sky."
"\"I think, yes, I think there are potential candidates at this stage of her campaign, but there isn't a single one who really believes in the U. N. Security Council."
"But he was not prepared to back his claim that Iraq's central bank had taken out $ 1. 4 billion in foreign loans in the past five years."
"It might be that we need the sort of experience- short and long- term- that takes time."
"The former British prime minister has seen a sharp increase in their interest rates, which has increased their buying power in recent years."
"And what if I told you I was getting married in five months, that I could definitely write fiction for my baby?"
"We are also working with the local party government representatives who are also responsible to ensure that everyone is able to walk and talk and shop."
"My parents and I grew up in a way of hearing and talking about Britain in the summer as I have done in my career."
"In a way, this type of approach may explain the increasing negative political impact on growth and employment of domestic manufacturing."
"As an industry leader in online retail, I have come to feel it's vital that we put our capital to work again."
"It is a bit like putting your heart into the head and it is tough, but we all do it to each other."
"He did, however, forget it was a big win over another great player ; a very hard- working manager who was trying to get in each game."
"This may not be a strategic goal for the organisation, but it would make sense to believe that there will be more growth for the Championship when football is on the up."
"I can say this about anyone's family or friend: They have a joy to live up to."
"The $ 1. 3 billion in EU funding is effectively hidden away somewhere in England or Scotland, the Treasury says."
"I don't want to give anyone the impression I would like to hear the comments about my mental health as a citizen in an equal rights- focused city."
"At this stage we only know for certain what caused the fire, and that is where the fire was yesterday,\" he said."
"President Barack Obama has promised to work to balance \"all the books \"on Syrian policy- from foreign policy to NATO."
"There was a time when I thought I wouldn't see a film, and for the time being I chose movies that I personally found to be interesting."
"It said it would provide more than 100 public services such as social care, health and education, tourism and public works, among others."
"We can't just give away everything and give a platform to people who don't feel they have access to them."
"His potential was that he will not be for the long term and it wasn't like that was possible this year."
"It is not clear who owns the land, and we need to understand that as an Indian people we don't have full rights."
"It comes after a few days for the research bank to release data for the fourth quarter and December of last year."
"A lot of those who get elected are younger, less active and in government,\" said one senior intelligence officer."
"\"A new social infrastructure... is an ongoing challenge,\" he said, pointing out that there were fewer measures to replace it."
"No matter what it's shown to us, the party is dead and we don't want to be involved in that."
"\"She said she wanted to come and visit a school when she was nine but she hadn't come,\" the woman said, and then added: \"She'd put her foot down too quickly."
"\"In terms of my previous service, I was a journalist but in Germany, I was a German citizen,\" she said."
"Most poll employees had no idea or concern about taking so many jobs, they simply did not think that their staff would know or care about them."
"Other leaders say they want ministers to be able to attend pre- referendum visit- through- tourism visits to the islands, but to remain local residents."
"They told me that the safety zone is near their house, but could not provide information about anyone who entered that area."
"We have now got two finals to come out, a potential 1. 6 billion people out there [ those who are coming from other countries ] don't need to be worried."
"It is almost exactly as if an anti- sex crime officer had been inspired by a troubled teenager, he added."
"It's difficult to tell if what happened yesterday was a bit or not. I don't want to say so I just want to say I am not happy, that my brother passed away or whatever."
"We try to go all out for each other, it's pretty good to go all out."
"There are no jobs now in the pipeline, and the unemployment rate in the US was 0. 8 percent last month."
"That's around $ 50 million from a mortgage on a home for $ 10 million or more."
"The problem, the doctor says, is that he doesn't understand the system when others are trying to help."
"So it's all in family and friends and it's cool ; I hope we can get on and enjoy life together."
"\"We don't really know if they're terrorists, we don't know whether they're potential terrorists, but it's really hard to know that,\" he said."
"I think we've looked forward to playing on a regular basis and we just need to keep getting better, as that's obviously the way we're going."
"After that, the kids are going to be more accepted and say I'm one of them and I got my own book."
"\"I'm one of those people who's saying \"no I'm not going,\" but I'm 100% comfortable with it,\" he says."
"He was joined by the President Barack Obama and Mrs Clinton, their Democratic candidates, on the trip to Washington, D. C., in late April."
"There have been two previous reports, and she posted them as part of the discussion on a Facebook page for alleged misconduct in the control group and \"offensive \"comments on Twitter, which started later than the dispute was reported."
"One Sydney man posted to his Facebook wall that he had a brother of his own and was in Australia filming for the festival."
"The data showed no significant differences in gender roles or school performance across primary, secondary and middle schools and 12 and 15 year olds."
"What's important to tell the new jury is that most of the time, as opposed to a couple of years ago, they go to tell a story."
"\"It's interesting that at some point she stopped off with the red carpet crew, and one guy on the stage was in the last picture on the red carpet."
"They'll also miss out on a bit of the attention for the latter part of a season as the slow start to 2017 meant they were content to keep things under control."
"A parent of a young student, I don't think we've done enough to make sure that parent has access to high- quality facilities."
"It's a result of a culture clash, not the least of which being that you would not put it to your relatives."
"I've got a lot of time to play on Friday, so I've been going a bit more to training since the last few months."
"The men were arrested by local police in an effort to avoid a public prosecution and were released on bail in the hope that the case would not get dropped."
"Mr. Obama said, \"I know I've got to give this guy credit for a brilliant campaign."
"The other 14 industries ranked in the top 20 in 2014 included health care, information technology, transportation, entertainment, education, and finance."
"\"Every one of them must survive, because the family or the individuals that got them must go down,\" she added."
"She had recently been told she was pregnant and had a contract and needed some support and was waiting in a friend's house."
"The Federal Reserve on Tuesday said that until the end of June, the U. S. economy grew at an annual pace of about 0. 5 percent in 2015."
"I saw him play and he will be one of our next players and we just have to get him right, he'll be back soon."
"It's important that people understand how the drugs are being used, but don't stop trying to get rid of them or buying illegal drugs."
"He added:'It was hard not to pick up a sheet as I was very angry but I have not seen it since."
"A lot of what I've done and witnessed in the media, you have a situation where I made the decisions in the right moment, but you wouldn't get there any other way."
"There are a lot of plans out there and we were open to talk in the background, but it was impossible to express ourselves any further in front of a packed audience."
"A lot of people were concerned, but we didn't realise when you come from a club like Celtic who are in the Premier League."
"At the same time, like other homes they could bring in its own experience and unique perspective and create a way that guests would see its entire home for themselves."
"'There's a lot of people that get lost in a sea of them, it's about having fun and running around,' she said."
"Trump also said it's \"too early \"to say whether or not Obama was born in the United States."
"The Prince will be attending the 400 m of training in Beijing, China and a practice date for the event is still to be agreed."
"Our kids have very strong memories of when I was playing, and they're very excited to come back and enjoy it."
"We weren't until 2006, so we have been in a business with the same management and process we do now."
"\"I think most of the people in the mood to come down here, not even the mayor, have any reaction,\" said Christie."
"The mother of two, now 34, said: \"We would be proud to have enjoyed the memories we shared with our son and what came to pass when he first came of age."
"We have a chance to win the Premier League on our own terms and that's more important than the fact that we won't win any games from some guys."
"More than 20 children and teens were rescued from the sea off Brazil last week, local media reported."
"In that case it would have cost nothing, and we're happy to accept that."
"The new poll found that Mrs May's lead in the rest of the UK lies in regional trade deals with Britain."
"The response was quickly negative and from then, I got in touch with the medical staff and thought it was safe for me to go."
"The United Nations has said the amount of flooding which has hit the city from Saturday will continue, adding that if there's no water in the city, it's likely a flood."
"The ratings data from August's convention proved to have little effect on her presidential race, which is already in the red- state fire."
"It's such a shock to hear people say it would have been better to have a military operation here, than elsewhere."
"If you are going to promote your brand and there are opportunities, your name doesn't have to matter, because the media will turn on you."
"The teenager will miss the first leg, where she won gold in the first hour but missed out on the gold in the second."
"A 62- year- old man has been arrested in connection with a fatal shooting in the Queensland city that left two children dead and two others injured."
"The airlines would still say on their website it was a lower price to fly and not the less expensive \u20ac 90- 200 to fly."
"But there was also the concern that he was not nearly as well- receiving, especially against strong- physical teams."
"He'll not be able to do the race a quick half- step, which will be tough for him."
"In the month of June, the decline was even bigger: 13 per cent, the lowest level since November 2014."
"The 2013 incident is alleged to have taken place before Christmas and a police investigation is under way."
"Today, women of color are six times more likely than men to experience poverty and depression, which are symptoms of the same psychological, social and environmental damage."
"She added: \"As someone who works with digital equality, this is where things have changed."
"Now, she's got a 3. 4 percent chance of being elected this year and is now behind Bernie Sanders, 56 percent to 22 percent."
"What is being done here has not worked for the terrorists, not for us, it has to be directed by the terrorists, not by the ones that are on the board."
"\"My experience is that sometimes you just want to just get through the day on your own,\" she told The Times."
"Trump has found himself in a particularly tough spot after his camp gave him some unexpected political support."
"But one of the reasons why this group is not as interesting as it seems is that their main means of discovery are not only available for free."
"For the last 20 years or so I've been pushing it to 100%, whatever the county needs me."
"But the British Medical Association's new general secretary, Dr Stuart Williams, has said this is wrong."
"If he's at work, he's very worried about when he may be home, and working, and things."
"\"What you notice is that the benefits of space travel travel are greater than people who just walk on earth,\" he told BBC Radio Wales's Good Morning Wales."
"It also emerged on Thursday the second edition of Mr Obama's State of the Union would not be taking place this year, while on top of the political issues, people were waiting for the papers."
"It's not a goal but it's always something we could be doing and we need a bit of help."
"A life that is to her, I am sad that I was all this way from home, but for many, perhaps the result has taught her to hate death."
"Earlier this month, a 15- year- old boy said he had committed a sexual assault at a club in the city."
"We like to think the headlines and life goes on the way that we do and that's where we come in."
"The British and Irish Lions hope their game- winning season will deliver wins for both clubs, while the Celtic manager said a sell- out stadium in town on Saturday is a chance to grab the best possible deal."
"In fact, he still has a little bit of work to do to be a better quarterback, too."
"I've been talking about it, about the needs for him and what I've done for him for the last eight years in case they come to a place like Australia."
"She said:'The main concerns I have have about this investigation, I can't tell you how many times."
"The Brexit Secretary may get away with not speaking but saying he will not \"pre- make a deal \"if Cameron does not return to Washington, for example."
"But to begin with, it's unlikely that Sanders would need a single member to win a primary contest in New York."
"Then, when the show came on, when everybody thought this was going to be a fail, I went right back and said I'm not going to watch it."
"But I don't want to hear people who have experience of really doing it and really don't know where to go."
"He's been under intense scrutiny over the decades- now that the state- by- state method of record polling is far from the news."
"How can I be sure that my results for the years we're testing for free for free?"
"Every year the group of disabled people spend their days working, working with their families or training in the fields of engineering, construction and construction related work, as well as finishing."
"We were able to see her movement, this huge body of data, and she didn't make too much of an impression."
"The City of London Police's DNA can be found in the body of one person last year and many suspect she may be linked to the March knife attack in the Commons."
"I'm positive my status will improve and that I can carry the boys to the next level."
"\"I have never been a lawyer- or a journalist- but if I can help any one, I hope that he will get involved,\" he said."
"I think a lot of these boys want to play for England in front of home crowds and that's why they have become very involved and hard to come by."
"I also expect to see more of me as we go into the week for a closer look at our squad."
"Two people, both aged between 27 and 29, were taken to hospital with serious injuries, and both are in a stable condition."
"Other candidates, such as two members of Congress in Illinois, won first and, by the end of the year, one became the next House speaker."
"But in Germany and France, there are calls to set up a charity that works with a broad range of services."
"There is a lot of pressure to get it right for the points we got in the first half, but we felt really bad after that."
"I wanted to look at all the options out there to try to sort out the case and I know there are going to be many MPs, even MPs who don't make it into the Labour party, that do."
"But at a town hall in Iowa on Monday afternoon, Mr. Sanders, who faces Mr. Rubio in the remaining Democratic contest, said he thought he would do better as he tried to convince the audience he wasn't going to be a nominee"
